<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_896493_0001214659-23-005525.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17690533</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>855180</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2679254</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6176130</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3468762</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3965794</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-23-005525.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417172206
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-23-005525
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		155
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ault Alliance, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000896493
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS, NEC [3679]
		IRS NUMBER:				941721931
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12711
		FILM NUMBER:		23824809

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11411 SOUTHERN HIGHLANDS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89141
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 444-5464 3679

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11411 SOUTHERN HIGHLANDS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89141

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BitNile Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211213

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ault Global Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DPW Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171229

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001214659-23-005525.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 p41123010k.htm

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to ________________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, , 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 x 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act. Yes o 
 x 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding year (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). x No 
 o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 
 
 x 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. o 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o 
 x 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value
of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was million based on the closing sale price
as reported on the NYSE American of 0.2655. Shares of the registrant s common stock held by executive officers, directors
or 10 beneficial owners and by each other person who may be deemed to be an affiliate of the registrant have been excluded from this
computation. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. 

There were shares of common stock
outstanding as of April 17, 2023. 

Documents incorporated by reference: 

AULT ALLIANCE, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

FORM 10-K 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

INDEX 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 37 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 100 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 100 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 101 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 102 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 103 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 104 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 104 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 119 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 F-58 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 119 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 120 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 121 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 121 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 122 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 128 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 132 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 134 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 135 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 137 
 
 Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 141 

Signatures 
 142 

NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual
Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. We have
attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology including anticipates, believes, expects, 
 can, continue, could, estimates, expects, intends, 
 may, plans, potential, predict, should or will or
the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions; uncertainties and other factors may
cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels or
activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.
Our expectations are as of the date this Annual Report is filed, and we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements
after the date this Annual Report is filed to confirm these statements to actual results, unless required by law. 

This Annual Report also contains estimates and
other statistical data made by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and other industry data. This data involves
a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. We have not independently verified
the statistical and other industry data generated by independent parties and contained in this Annual Report and, accordingly, we cannot
guarantee their accuracy or completeness, though we do generally believe the data to be reliable. In addition, projections, assumptions
and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of the industries in which we operate are necessarily subject to a
high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in Risk Factors and elsewhere
in this Annual Report. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by
the independent parties and by us. 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

Below
is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative. This summary does not address all of the
risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found
below under the heading Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this annual
report and our other filings with the SEC before making investment decisions regarding our common stock. 

We will need to raise additional capital to fund our operations in furtherance of our business plan. 

We have an evolving business model, which increases the complexity of our business. 

We received a subpoena from the Commission in the investigation now known as In the Matter of DPW Holdings, Inc., the
consequences of which are unknown. 

Our Bitcoin mining operations present a number of risks, which are delineated in the Risk factors section. 

We are highly dependent on the price of Bitcoin and the level of demand and financial performance of the crypto asset industry. 

Our holding company model presents certain additional risks, which are delineated in the Risk factors section. 

Our growth strategy is subject to a significant degree of risk. 

We are heavily dependent on our senior management, and a loss of a member of our senior management team could cause our stock price
to suffer. 

If we fail to anticipate and adequately respond to rapid technological changes in our industry, including evolving industry-wide standards,
in a timely and cost-effective manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

We may be significantly impacted by developments and changes in laws and regulations, including increased regulation of the crypto
asset industry through legislative action and revised rules and standards applied by The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network under the
authority of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act and the Investment Company Act. 

If we do not continue to satisfy the NYSE American continued listing requirements, our common stock could be delisted from NYSE American. 

Our common stock price is volatile. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Company Overview 

Ault Alliance, Inc., a Delaware
corporation formerly known as BitNile Holdings, Inc., was incorporated in September 2017 (sometimes referred to as AAI, 
the Company, we or us ). AAI is a diversified holding company pursuing growth by acquiring undervalued
businesses and disruptive technologies with a global impact. Through our wholly- and majority-owned subsidiaries and strategic investments,
we own and operate a data center at which we mine Bitcoin, and provide mission-critical products that support a diverse range of industries,
including crane services, oil exploration, defense/aerospace, industrial, automotive, medical/biopharma, consumer electronics, hotel operations
and textiles. In addition, we extend credit to select entrepreneurial businesses through a licensed lending subsidiary. 

Our direct and indirect wholly
owned subsidiaries include (i) Ault Lending, LLC Ault Lending, formerly known as Digital Power Lending, LLC), (ii) Ault
Global Real Estate Equities, Inc. AGREE ), which wholly owns AGREE Madison, LLC AGREE Madison and Third
Avenue Apartments LLC Third Avenue Apartments ), (iii) Ault Disruptive Technologies Company, LLC ADTC ), (iv)
BitNile, Inc. BNI ), which wholly owns Alliance Cloud Services, LLC ACS and BNI Montana, LLC BNI
Montana ), (v) Circle 8 Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Circle 8 Holdco ), (vi) Ault Energy, LLC Ault Energy ), and (vii) Ault Aviation, LLC Ault Aviation ). We also have a direct controlling interest in
(i) Imperalis Holding Corp. IMHC or TurnOnGreen ), which wholly owns TOG Technologies, Inc. TOG Technologies and Digital Power Corporation Digital Power ), (ii) Giga-tronics Incorporated GIGA ), which wholly owns Gresham
Worldwide, Inc. GWW ), which in turn wholly owns Gresham Power Electronics Ltd. Gresham Power ), Enertec Systems
2001 Ltd. Enertec ), Relec Electronics Ltd. Relec and has a controlling interest in Microphase Corporation Microphase and (iii) Avalanche International Corp. Avalanche or AVLP ). Ault Lending has a
controlling interest in The Singing Machine Company, Inc. SMC ), Circle 8 Holdco has a controlling interest in Circle 8
Newco LLC Circle 8 ), and ADTC is the sponsor of Ault Disruptive Technologies Corporation Ault Disruptive ). 

AAI was founded by Milton
 Todd Ault, III, our Executive Chairman and is led by Mr. Ault, William B. Horne, its Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman
and Henry Nisser, its President and General Counsel. Together, they constitute the Executive Committee, which manages our day-to-day operations.
All major investment and capital allocation decisions are made by Mr. Ault and the other members of the Executive Committee. We have eight
reportable segments: 

Energy and Infrastructure Energy crane operations, advanced textiles processing
and oil exploration; 

Technology and Finance Fintech commercial lending, activist investing, media, and
digital learning; 

SMC consumer electronics; 

BNI cryptocurrency mining operations; 

GIGA defense solutions; 

TurnOnGreen commercial electronics solutions; 

AGREE hotel operations and other commercial real estate holdings; and 

Ault Disruptive a special purpose acquisition company SPAC ). 

On
January 3, 2023, the Company, then known as BitNile Holdings, Inc., merged its wholly owned subsidiary, Ault Alliance, Inc. with and into
the Company. In connection with this upstream merger, Ault Alliance, Inc. was merged out of existence and the business of the Company
continued as it was being conducted. Further, on January 3, 2023, the effective date of the merger, we changed our name to Ault Alliance,
Inc. and our ticker was changed to AULT. The name change did not affect the rights of our security holders. 

1 

We operate as a holding
company with operations conducted primarily through our subsidiaries. We intend to conduct our activities in a manner so as not to be
deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Generally,
this means that we do not invest or intend to invest in securities as our primary business and that no more than 40 of our total assets
will be invested in investment securities, as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act. Pursuant to the Investment Company Act,
we believe that our subsidiary Ault Lending is excluded from the definition of an investment company. 

Although we actively seek
growth through acquisitions, we will also continue to focus on high-grade and custom product designs for the commercial, medical and military/defense
markets, where customers demand high density, high efficiency and ruggedized products to meet the harshest and/or military mission critical
operating conditions. 

Recent Events and Developments 

2021 Updates 

On
January 29, 2021, ACS closed on the acquisition of a 617,000 square foot energy-efficient facility located on a 34.5 acre site in southern
Michigan for a purchase price of 3,991,497 (the Facility ). The purchase price was paid from our own working capital. Ownership
of the Facility was subsequently assigned to BNI. 

On March 9, 2021, Ault Lending
entered into a securities purchase agreement with Alzamend Neuro, Inc. Alzamend ), a related party, to invest 10 million
in Alzamend common stock and warrants, subject to the achievement of certain milestones. We agreed to fund 4 million upon execution of
the securities purchase agreement and to fund the balance upon Alzamend achieving certain milestones related to the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration s approval of Alzamend s Investigational New Drug application and Phase 1a human clinical trials for Alzamend s
lithium based ionic cocrystal therapy, known as AL001. Under the securities purchase agreement, Alzamend agreed to sell up to 6,666,667
shares of its common stock to Ault Lending in consideration for the 10 million, or 1.50 per share, and issue to Ault Lending warrants
to acquire up to 3,333,334 shares of Alzamend common stock with an exercise price of 3.00 per share. The transaction was approved by
our independent directors after receiving a third-party valuation report of Alzamend. As of the date of this annual report, we have funded
an aggregate of 10 million pursuant to the securities purchase agreement and have thus acquired all of the shares and warrants issuable
by Alzamend to us under the agreement. We retain the right to acquire an additional 6,666,667 shares and 3,333,334 warrants at an exercise
price of 3.00 per share until October 26, 2023 for an aggregate payment to Alzamend of 10 million. 

Between July and November
2021, we entered into five separate Non-Fixed Price Sales and Purchase Agreements (collectively, the Bitmain Agreements with Bitmain. We have received 20,645 Antminers, fulfilling the first five of seven Bitmain Agreements including 4,628 environmentally
friendly S19 XP Antminers that feature a processing power of 140 terahashes per second TH/s and 16,017 S19j Pro Antminers
that feature a processing power of 100 TH/s. The 20,645 Antminers in our possession, once installed and energized, will generate a combined
processing power of approximately 2.25 exahashes per second EH/s ), the computational power that is being used to mine Bitcoin. 

Beyond the first five contracts
with Bitmain, we have two more purchase agreements for an additional 1,325 S19j Pro Antminers estimated to be delivered over the second
quarter 2023 and 1,140 S19 XP Hydro Antminers anticipated to be delivered during the summer of 2023. Once all of the miners are fully
deployed and operational, we expect to achieve a mining production capacity of approximately 2.67 EH/s. 

All of the miners we are purchasing
are newly manufactured and not pre-owned. We are not aware if Bitmain is experiencing any supply side constraints in its ability to fulfill
the Bitmain Agreements; to date, Bitmain has timely delivered all miners pursuant to the delivery schedule in such agreements. 

On December 13, 2021, BNI
closed an investment of Series A preferred stock of Earnity Inc. Earnity ), a decentralized finance DeFi marketplace based in San Mateo, California. BNI paid approximately 11.5 million for the shares of Earnity s Series A preferred
stock. Following the investment, BNI beneficially owned approximately 19.99 of Earnity s common stock. The transaction we entered
into with Earnity is an investment only, not the precursor to an acquisition. We have no present intention of incorporating Earnity s
business or operations, or that of any other DeFi platform, with our own. Prior to the closing of the transaction with BitNile Metaverse,
Inc. BMI discussed below, our beneficial ownership of Earnity was assigned to BitNile.com, Inc. BNC as
such, BMI is presently the beneficial owner of these shares. 

2 

On December 15, 2021, Ault
Lending entered into an exchange agreement with Imperalis Holding Corp. IMHC pursuant to which IMHC issued us a convertible
promissory note (the IMHC Note in the principal amount of 0.1 million, in exchange for those certain promissory notes
dated August 18, 2021 and November 5, 2021 previously issued by IMHC to Ault Lending in the aggregate principal amount of 0.1 million,
which prior notes had accrued interest of 1,529 as of December 15, 2021. The IMHC Note accrued interest at 10 per annum, was due on
December 15, 2023, and the principal, together with any accrued but unpaid interest on the amount of principal, is convertible into shares
of IMHC s common stock at Ault Lending s option at a conversion price of 0.01 per share. The IMHC Note was converted into
11.0 million shares of IMHC s common stock on October 12, 2022. 

On December 16, 2021, we entered
into a stock purchase agreement (the Agreement with the majority stockholders of IMHC. Pursuant to the Agreement, we purchased
129.4 million shares of IMHC s common stock from the sellers in exchange for 0.2 million. Upon the closing of the Agreement, we
owned a majority of IMHC s common stock, resulting in a change in control of IMHC. 

On December 22, 2021 (the
 Closing Date ), AGREE Madison, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of AGREE AGREE Madison ), through various wholly
owned subsidiaries (the Property Owners ), entered into construction loan agreements (the Loan Agreements in the aggregate amount of 68.8 million (the Loans in connection with the acquisition of four hotel properties (the Properties ).
The Properties were acquired on the Closing Date for an aggregate purchase price of 69.2 million, of which 2.5 million was previously
funded on deposit, 21.4 million was paid by the Company on the Closing Date, and the remaining amounts were funded from the Loans. The
remaining 23.4 million of the Loans are available to be drawn upon by the Property Owners towards the completion of the 13.7 million
in property improvement plans PIPs the Property Owners agreed to undertake, as well as to fund working capital, interest
reserves, franchise fees and other costs and expenses related to the acquisition. The Loans are due on January 1, 2025 (the Maturity
Date ), but may be extended by the Property Owners for two additional 12-month terms, subject to certain terms and conditions as
set forth in the Loan Agreements. The Loans accrue interest at a rate equal to the greater of (i) the LIBOR Rate plus 675 basis points
or (ii) 7 per annum. The Property Owners have since January 1, 2022 made and will continue to make monthly installment payments of interest
only. 

On
December 27, 2021, the Company and GWW entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement with Giga-tronics
Incorporated, a California corporation GIGA ). Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, which closed on September 8, 2022, GIGA
acquired all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of GWW in exchange for (i) issuing to the Company 2.9 million shares of GIGA s
common stock GIGA Common Stock and 514.8 shares of a new series of preferred stock GIGA Preferred Stock which are convertible into an aggregate of 4.0 million shares of GIGA Common Stock, subject to adjustment, and (ii) the assumption of
GWW s equity awards representing, on an as-assumed basis, 249,875 shares of GIGA Common Stock (the Exchange Transaction ). 

As
a result of the consummation of the Exchange Transaction, GWW has become a wholly owned subsidiary of GIGA. In accordance with the Exchange
Agreement, we loaned GIGA 4.25 million pursuant to a convertible promissory note Closing Date Loan upon the closing of
the Exchange Transaction (the Closing ). Following the Closing, GIGA repurchased all of its shares of Series B, Series C,
Series D and Series E preferred stock that were outstanding prior to the Closing (the Outstanding Preferred ). Based upon
2,725,010 shares of GIGA Common Stock outstanding at the Closing, and following the issuance to the Company of the shares of GIGA Common
Stock and GIGA Preferred Stock pursuant to the Exchange Transaction, the Company holds approximately 68 of the outstanding voting power
and capital stock of GIGA, and existing holders of GIGA Common Stock hold approximately 32 . On December 31, 2022, the Closing Date Loan
was exchanged for a new convertible promissory note with a maturity date of December 31, 2024. In addition, Ault Lending also entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement with GIGA, whereby GIGA issued Ault Lending a 10 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note in the
principal amount of 6.8 million and five-year warrants to purchase 2.0 million shares of GIGA s common stock. 

2022 Updates 

We,
certain of our subsidiaries and Esousa, as the collateral agent on behalf of the investors (the Agent entered into a security
agreement, pursuant to which we (i) pledged the equity interests in substantially all of our U.S. based subsidiaries and (ii) granted
to the investors a security interest in substantially all of our deposit accounts, securities accounts, chattel paper, documents, equipment,
general intangibles, instruments and inventory, and all proceeds therefrom. The entirety of the loan, including the original issue discount
and accrued but unpaid interest, was fully paid off on March 30, 2022. 

On
February 4, 2022, we and our former subsidiary Ault Alliance, Inc. (the Former AAI entered into a securities purchase agreement
providing for our purchase of BNI from the Former AAI. As a result of this transaction, both BNI and the Former AAI became stand-alone
wholly owned subsidiaries of ours. The Former AAI was merged out of existence on January 3, 2023 in connection with the change in our
name from BitNile Holdings, Inc. to Ault Alliance, Inc. 

3 

On
February 10, 2022, consistent with our objective to have BNI operate the entirety of our business that relates to cryptocurrencies, the
Former AAI assigned the entirety of its interest in ACS to BNI. 

On February 25, 2022, we entered
into an At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the 2022 Sales Agreement with Ascendiant to sell shares of common stock
having an aggregate offering price of up to 200 million from time to time, through an at the market offering program (the
 2022 ATM Offering ). The offer and sale of shares of common stock from the 2022 ATM Offering was made pursuant to our effective
 shelf registration statement on Form S-3 and an accompanying base prospectus contained therein (Registration Statement No.
333-260618) which became effective on November 12, 2021. Through March 13, 2023, we received gross proceeds of approximately 177 million
through the sale of approximately 317.9 million shares of common stock from the 2022 ATM Offering. The 2022 Sales Agreement has been terminated. 

On March 20, 2022, we and
IMHC entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Acquisition Agreement with TurnOnGreen, Inc., formerly known as
Coolisys Technologies Corp. TOGI ), which closed on September 6, 2022 (the Closing Date ). According to the
Acquisition Agreement, we (i) delivered to IMHC all of the outstanding shares of common stock of TOGI that we owned, and (ii) forgave
and eliminated the intracompany accounts between us and TOGI evidencing historical equity investments made by us in TOGI, in the approximate
amount of 36.0 million, in consideration for the issuance by IMHC to us (the Transaction of an aggregate of 25,000 newly
designated shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the IMHC Preferred Stock ), with each such share having a stated value of
 1,000. Immediately following the Closing Date, TOGI became a wholly owned subsidiary of IMHC. The parties to the Agreement have agreed
that, upon completion of the Transaction but subject to IMHC s compliance with the federal securities laws, IMHC will change its
name to TurnOnGreen, Inc. Further, through an upstream merger whereby the current TOGI ceased to exist, which was consummated on September
8, 2022, IMHC owns the former TOGI s two operating subsidiaries, TOG Technologies and Digital Power. IMHC intends to dissolve its
dormant subsidiary. 

On
September 5, 2022, we, IMHC and TOGI entered into an amendment to the Acquisition Agreement (the Amendment ), pursuant to
which IMHC agreed to (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to effectuate a distribution by us of approximately 140 million shares of
Common Stock that we beneficially own (the Distribution ), including the filing of a registration statement (the Distribution
Registration Statement with the SEC, (ii) to issue to us warrants to purchase an equivalent number of shares of Common Stock to
be issued in the Distribution (the Warrants ), and (iii) to register the Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants on the Distribution Registration Statement. 

On June 1, 2022, the Company
converted the principal amount under the convertible promissory notes issued to it by AVLP and accrued but unpaid interest into common
stock of AVLP. The Company converted 20.0 million in principal and 5.9 million of accrued interest receivable at a conversion price
of 0.50 per share and received 51,889,168 shares of common stock increasing its common stock ownership of AVLP from less than 20 to
approximately 92 . 

On
June 8, 2022, Ault Lending entered into a securities purchase agreement with BMI whereby Ault Lending agreed to purchase 12.0 million
of a new series of convertible preferred stock of BMI, which transaction closed on June 29, 2022. As part of the transaction we were issued
102,881 shares of BMI s common stock and a warrant to purchase forty-nine percent (49 of BMI s common stock calculated on
a fully-diluted basis, subject to certain terms and conditions. Pursuant to a mutually agreed upon use of proceeds, BMI intends to deploy
significant proceeds via its subsidiary White River Holdings Corp. White River towards an oil drilling program across
its cumulative 30,000 acres of active mineral leases at both shallow, intermediate, and deep levels. BMI will also deploy additional proceeds
via its subsidiary Agora Digital Holdings, Inc. Agora Digital to provide us with up to 78 megawatts MW of power within the State of Texas for digital asset mining capacity, subject to our election to proceed with this facility after having
conducted the requisite due diligence. 

On
December 6, 2022, BNI entered into a hosting agreement with Agora Digital securing up to 78 MW of power. Agora Digital will initially
provide up to 12 MW of electricity for our use, which will enable us to initially power 3,750 S19j Pro miners in the second quarter of
2023. The Agora Digital power capacity would, if the project proceeds as presently anticipated, expedite our recently announced plans
to significantly expand our Bitcoin mining production capacity, including growing our number of deployed Bitcoin miners to approximately
23,065, representing an expected mining production capacity of approximately 2.67 exahashes per second. 

On June 10, 2022, we entered
into an At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the 2022 Preferred Sales Agreement with Ascendiant to sell shares of our
13.00 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Preferred Shares having an aggregate offering price of up to
 46.4 million from time to time, through an at the market offering program (the 2022 ATM Preferred Offering ).
The offer and sale of Preferred Shares from the 2022 ATM Preferred Offering was made pursuant to our effective shelf registration
statement on Form S-3 and an accompanying base prospectus contained therein (Registration Statement No. 333-260618) which became effective
on November 12, 2021. Through March 31, 2023, we had received gross proceeds of approximately 1.7 million through the sale of 118,586
Preferred Shares in the 2022 ATM Preferred Offering. 

4 

In June 2022, Ault Lending
purchased a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of SMC in open market transactions. SMC is a Nasdaq-listed company that is
a worldwide leader in consumer karaoke products. The first to provide karaoke systems for home entertainment in the United
States, SMC sells its products worldwide through major mass merchandisers and online retailers. SMC
products incorporate the latest technology for singing practice, music listening, entertainment and social sharing and provides access
to over 100,000 songs for streaming and download. 

On July 11, 2022, we announced
the formation of Ault Energy, a wholly owned subsidiary of ours. Ault Energy will partner with White River, a majority owned subsidiary
of BMI on drilling projects across 30,000 acres in Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi. Ault Energy, as Ault Lending s designee, has
the right to purchase up to 25 , or such higher percentages at the discretion of White River, in various drilling projects of White River.
In August 2022, Ault Energy committed to purchasing 40 of the first drilling project offered, at a cost to Ault Energy of approximately
 1 million. 

On August 10, 2022, we, through
our BNI and Ault Lending subsidiaries, entered into a note purchase agreement providing for the issuance of secured promissory notes with
an aggregate principal face amount of 11.0 million and an interest rate of 10 . The purchase price for the secured promissory notes was
 10.0 million. The holders of the secured promissory notes have a security interest in marketable securities, investments and certain
Bitcoin mining equipment. The secured promissory notes are further secured by a guaranty provided by us, as well as by Milton C. Ault,
our Executive Chairman. The maturity date of the secured promissory notes is August 10, 2023. BNI is required to make monthly payments
(principal and interest) of 1.0 million on the tenth calendar day of each month, starting in September 2022. After six months, BNI may
elect to pay a forbearance fee of 0.3 million in lieu of a monthly payment, which would extend the maturity date of the related secured
promissory notes one month for each forbearance. 

On
August 15, 2022, BNI entered into a hosting agreement with Compute North LLC Compute North ). On September 22, 2022, Compute
North filed for bankruptcy protection, effectively rendering this hosting agreement null and void. We have retained counsel to assist
in this matter. We have removed the Bitcoin miners that were installed at the hosting facility in Texas. 

On November 7, 2022, we and
certain of our subsidiaries borrowed 18.9 million of principal amount of term loans (the Loans from a group of institutional
investors (the Financing ). The Loans mature in 18 months, which may be extended to 24 months, accrue interest at the rate
of 8.5 per annum and are secured by certain of our and certain of our subsidiaries assets. Starting in January 2023, the lenders
have the right to require us to make monthly payments of 0.6 million, which will increase to 1.1 million in November 2023. The Loans
were issued with an original issue discount of 1.89 million. 

The lenders received warrants
to purchase approximately 4.5 million shares of our common stock, exercisable for four years at 0.45 per share and warrants to purchase
another approximately 4.5 million shares of our common stock, exercisable for four years at 0.75 per share, subject to adjustment. 

On November 7, 2022, Ault
Aviation, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Ault Aviation ), used proceeds from the Loans to purchase a private
aircraft for a total purchase price of 15.8 million. In addition, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into various
agreements as collateral for the repayment of the Loans, including (i) a security interest in certain Bitcoin mining equipment, (ii) a
pledge of the membership interests of Third Avenue Apartments, (iii) a pledge of the membership interests of ACS, (iv) a pledge of the
membership interests of Ault Aviation, (v) a pledge in a segregated deposit account of 1.5 million of cash, (vi) a mortgage and security
agreement by Third Avenue Apartments on the real estate property owned by Third Avenue Apartments in St. Petersburg, Florida, (vii) a
future advance mortgage by ACS on the real estate property owned by ACS in Dowagiac, Michigan, and (viii) an aircraft mortgage and security
agreement by Ault Aviation on the private aircraft purchased by Ault Aviation on November 7, 2022. The Loans are guaranteed by Ault Lending,
LLC, Ault Company, Inc., an affiliate of the Company, as well as Milton C. Ault, III, our Executive Chairman and the Chief Executive
Officer of Ault Company, Inc. 

On November 18, 2022, Circle
8 LLC, a newly formed Delaware limited liability company Circle 8 ), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Asset
Purchase Agreement with Circle 8 Crane Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Circle 8 Crane Services pursuant to which Circle 8 agreed to purchase substantially all of the assets (the Acquired Assets and assume certain specified
liabilities of Circle 8 Crane Services (the Circle 8 Transaction ). Circle 8 is a wholly owned subsidiary of Circle 8 Holdco
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Circle 8 Holdco ). 

5 

On
December 19, 2022, the Asset Purchase Agreement referred to above closed and Circle 8 purchased the Acquired Assets. As consideration
for the acquisition of the Acquired Assets, Circle 8 Crane Services received Class D equity interests in Circle 8 Holdco and is eligible
to receive cash earnout payments in an aggregate maximum amount of up to 2.1 million based on the achievement by Circle 8 of certain
EBITDA targets over the three year period following the completion of the acquisition of the Acquired Assets by Circle 8. We contributed
 12 million to Circle 8, and an independent third party contributed 4 million, of which approximately 11.7 million was used to pay down
a portion of the Circle 8 Crane Services senior debt facility at the closing, 3.0 million of which was used to pay off Circle
8 Crane Services subordinated debt facility in full at the closing and 1.4 million was used to pay the expenses of Circle 8 and
Circle 8 Crane Services. In addition, Circle 8 assumed a new line of credit issued by Circle 8 Crane Services current senior lender.
Circle 8 Holdco is a subsidiary of the former AAI, a Delaware corporation but is presently directly owned by us. We own a controlling
interest in Circle 8 Holdco. 

On
December 16, 2022 we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with an accredited investor (the Investor providing for the issuance of a secured promissory note (the Note with an aggregate principal face amount of 14.7 million
(the Financing ). On December 29, 2022, the Company and the accredited investor entered into an amended and restated amendment
to the SPA, pursuant to which the total amount of the financing was increased to 17.5 million and the Company sold an additional note
to a second accredited investor. 

Under the SPA, we are obligated
to repay, while the Note remains outstanding, (i) eighty percent (80 of the proceeds we may receive from any financing conducted, other
than at-the-market offerings and (ii) one hundred percent (100 of the proceeds we may receive from the sale of marketable securities
by Ault Lending. In addition, if Third Avenue Apartments, LLC Third Avenue ), our wholly owned subsidiary, sells the property
it owns in St. Peterburg, Florida, then we will use the net proceeds from the sale of such property in excess of 10 million, to repay
the Note. In addition, we agreed to issue 11.6 million shares of our common stock to the Investor in exchange for the cancellation of
all outstanding warrants previously issued to the Investor, which warrants were exercisable for 11.6 million shares of our common stock. 

2023 Updates 

On January 23, 2023, we filed
a Certificate of Elimination with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware with respect to our Series C convertible redeemable
preferred stock Series C Preferred Stock which, effective upon filing, eliminated the Series C Preferred Stock. 

On February 8, 2023, we entered
into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Agreement with BMI and the other signatories thereto. The Agreement provides that,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, BMI will acquire all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of our then subsidiary,
BitNile.com, Inc. BitNile.com ), of which we owned approximately 86 , and the remaining 14 was owned by minority shareholders
(the Minority Shareholders ), as well as Ault Iconic (f/k/a Ault Media Group) and the securities of Earnity beneficially
owned by BitNile.com (which represented approximately 19.9 of the outstanding equity securities of Earnity as of the date of the Agreement),
in exchange for the following: (i) 8,637.5 shares of newly designated Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of BMI to be issued to our
company (the Series B Preferred ), and (ii) 1,362.5 shares of newly designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of BMI
to be issued to the to the Minority Shareholders (the Series C Preferred, and together with the Series B Preferred, the
 Preferred Stock ). The Series B Preferred and the Series C Preferred each have a stated value of 10,000 per share (the Stated
Value ), for a combined stated value of the Preferred Stock to be issued by BMI of 100 million, and subject to adjustment, are
convertible into an aggregate of 400 million shares of common stock of BMI (the BMI Common Stock ), which represent and pursuant
to the Agreement will represent approximately 92.4 of BMI s outstanding BMI Common Stock on a fully-diluted basis. However, pending
approval of the transaction by BMI s shareholders, the Preferred Stock combined are subject to a 19.9 beneficial ownership limitation.
The Agreement provides that BMI will seek shareholder approval (the Shareholder Approval following the closing. 

6 

Pursuant to the Certificates
of Designations of the Rights, Preferences and Limitations of the Series B Preferred and the Series C Preferred (collectively, the Preferred
Stock Certificates ), each share of Preferred Stock will be convertible into a number of shares of BMI Common Stock determined by
dividing the Stated Value by 0.25 (the Conversion Price ), or 40,000 shares of BMI Common Stock. The Conversion Price will
be subject to certain adjustments, including potential downward adjustment if BMI closes a qualified financing resulting in at least 25
million in gross proceeds at a price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price then in effect. The holders of Preferred Stock
will be entitled to receive dividends at a rate of 5 of the Stated Value per annum from issuance until February 7, 2033 (the Dividend
Term ). During the first two years of the Dividend Term, dividends will be payable in additional shares of Preferred Stock rather
than cash, and thereafter dividends will be payable in either additional shares of Preferred Stock or cash as each holder may elect. If
BMI fails to make a dividend payment as required by the Preferred Stock Certificates, the dividend rate will be increased to 12 for as
long as such default remains ongoing and uncured. Each share of Preferred Stock will also have an 11,000 liquidation preference in the
event of a liquidation, change of control event, dissolution or winding up of BMI, and will rank senior to all other capital stock of
BMI with respect thereto, except that the Series B Preferred and Series C Preferred shall rank pari passu. Each share of Series B Preferred
was originally entitled to vote with the BMI Common Stock at a rate of 10 votes per share of Common Stock into which the Series B Preferred
is convertible, but that provision was subsequently eliminated. Other than certain rights granted to the Company relating to amendments
or waiver of various negative covenants, the terms, rights, preferences and limitations of the Preferred Stock Certificates are essentially
identical. 

The Agreement closed on March
6, 2023. 

Corporate Information 

We are a Delaware corporation,
initially formed in California in 1969 and reincorporated in Delaware in 2017. We are located at 11411 Southern Highlands Parkway, Suite
240, Las Vegas, NV 89141. Our phone number is (949) 444-5464 and our website address is www.ault.com. 

Our Corporate Structure 

On January 19, 2021, we changed
our name from DPW Holdings, Inc. to Ault Global Holdings, Inc., on December 13, 2021, we changed our corporate name from Ault Global Holdings,
Inc. to BitNile Holdings, Inc. and on January 3, 2023, we changed our name from BitNile Holdings, Inc. to Ault Alliance, Inc (together,
the Name Changes ). The Name Changes were each effected through a parent/subsidiary short form merger pursuant to an Agreement
and Plan of Merger dated January 7, 2021, December 1, 2021 and December 20, 2022, respectively. None of the mergers or the corresponding
Name Change affected the rights of our security holders. Our common stock is traded on the NYSE American under the symbol AULT. 
Existing stock certificates that reflect our prior corporate names continue to be valid. Certificates reflecting the new corporate name
are issued as old stock certificates are tendered for exchange or transfer to our transfer agent. Concurrent with the change in our name
to Ault Global Holdings, Inc., Milton C. Ault III was appointed as our Executive Chairman, William B. Horne was appointed as our Chief
Executive Officer and remains as Vice Chairman of our board of directors (the Board ), and Henry Nisser was appointed as
our President and remains as our General Counsel. 

7 

Our corporate structure is
currently as follows: 

Our Corporate Structure 

Our Business Strategy 

As principally a holding company,
our business strategy is designed to increase stockholder value. Under this strategy, we are focused on managing and financially supporting
our existing subsidiaries and partner companies, with the goal of pursuing monetization opportunities and maximizing the value returned
to stockholders. We have, are and will consider initiatives including, among others: public offerings, the sale of individual partner
companies, the sale of certain or all partner company interests in secondary market transactions, or a combination thereof, as well as
other opportunities to maximize stockholder value, such as activist trading. We anticipate returning value to stockholders after satisfying
our debt obligations and working capital needs. 

On October 7, 2019, we created
an Executive Committee which is comprised of our Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. The Executive Committee meets
on a daily basis to address the Company s critical needs and provides a forum to approve transactions which are communicated to
our Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance on a bi-weekly basis by our Chief Executive Officer. 

Our Executive Committee approves
and manages our investment and trading strategy. The Executive Committee has decades of experience in financial, investing and securities
transactions. Led by our Founder and Executive Chairman, Milton C. (Todd) Ault, III, we seek to find undervalued companies and disruptive
technologies with a global impact. We use a traditional methodology for valuing securities that primarily looks for deeply depressed prices.
Upon making an investment, we often become actively involved in the companies we seek to acquire. That activity may involve a broad range
of approaches, from influencing the management of a target to take steps to improve stockholder value, to acquiring a controlling or sizable
but non-controlling interest or outright ownership of the target company in order to implement changes that we believe are required to
improve its business, and then operating and expanding that business. Mr. Ault relies heavily on William B. Horne, our Vice Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, and Henry Nisser, our President and General Counsel, to provide analysis and guidance on all acquisition targets
and throughout the acquisition process. 

8 

From time to time, we engage
in discussions with other companies interested in our subsidiaries or partner companies, either in response to inquiries or as part of
a process we initiate. To the extent we believe that a subsidiary partner company s further growth and development can best be supported
by a different ownership structure or if we otherwise believe it is in our stockholders best interests, we will seek to sell some
or all of our position in the subsidiary or partner company. These sales may take the form of privately negotiated sales of stock or assets,
mergers and acquisitions, public offerings of the subsidiary or partner company s securities and, in the case of publicly traded
partner companies, transactions in their securities in the open market. Our plans may include taking subsidiaries or partner companies
public through rights offerings, mergers or spin-offs and directed share subscription programs. We will continue to consider these and
functionally equivalent programs and the sale of certain subsidiary or partner company interests in secondary market transactions to maximize
value for our stockholders. 

Our Executive Committee acts
as the underwriting committee for Ault Lending and approves all lending transactions. Under its business model, Ault Lending generates
revenue through origination fees charged to borrowers and interest generated from each loan. Ault Lending may also generate income from
appreciation of investments in marketable securities as well as any shares of common stock underlying convertible notes or warrants issued
to Ault Lending in any particular financing. 

Over the recent past, we have
provided capital and relevant expertise to fuel the growth of businesses in cryptocurrency mining, DeFi, defense/aerospace, industrial,
telecommunications, medical and textiles. We have provided capital to subsidiaries as well as partner companies in which we have an equity
interest or may be actively involved, influencing development through board representation and management support. 

Our Principal Subsidiaries and their Businesses 

The following is a brief
summary of the businesses in which we own a controlling interest as of the date of this annual report: 

Circle 8 

History 

In 2007, Philip and Allen
Bryson founded Circle 8 Fluid Services, Inc., which later became Circle 8 Crane Services, LLC in 2018 Former Circle 8 as a niche chemical provider to oilfield production and completion companies. In 2008, Former
Circle 8 began purchasing cranes to service the expanding natural gas drilling and completion
market. From 2009 through 2011, Former Circle 8 expanded
to East Texas and Western Louisiana. In 2012, Former Circle 8 opened operations in the Eagle
Ford Shale in South Texas, establishing an office and terminal in Corpus Christi. Former Circle 8 continued
expansion opening terminals in Houston, Texas and Clinton, Oklahoma. By 2013, Former Circle 8 s fleet grew to forty-seven
cranes and entered into master service agreements with well-established oil producers. In 2014, it purchased another 26 new all-terrain
mobile cranes, rendering its fleet size to 73, manned by over 300 non-union employees, and work orders from 397 new customers in 2014. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and
the downturn in domestic oil market during 2020 and 2021, led Former Circle 8 to reduce its fleet throughout 2021. In December 2022, it
sold substantially all the operating assets to Circle 8, a newly formed joint venture between Circle 8 Holdco, with 64 ownership, and
Paramount Lifting Solutions, LLC PLS ), with 36 ownership. In connection with the acquisition of Former Circle 8 assets,
Circle 8 refinanced the existing debt owed by Former Circle 8 to CIT Northbridge Credit, LLC CITN ), in a 16 million senior
secured asset backed revolving line of credit, and Circle 8 assumed 10.6 million of outstanding equipment notes owed to De Lage Landen
Group, LLC DLL ). 

Description of the Business 

Headquartered in Houston,
Circle 8 is a premier lifting services provider serving clients in Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana and Oklahoma with three strategically located
branches in Texas and Oklahoma. Its modern fleet consists of 54 mobile all-terrain and hydraulic cranes, with lifting capacities of up
to 350 tons that provides services across the Eagle Ford, Permian, Anadarko and Haynesville basins. Circle 8 is poised for organic growth
through a strengthened financial profile following its recapitalization in December 2022. Circle 8 s fleet consists of Grove, Xuzhou
Construction Machinery Group XCMG and other leading original equipment manufacturers. 

Circle 8 provides experienced
professionally certified operators to deliver customized solutions to lifting clients in oil field services, construction, commercial,
refining / marketing and wind energy markets. Circle 8 maintains an industry leading safety record. Safety personnel hold certifications
and undergo in-house training. 

9 

New Management 

By teaming up with PLS in
the formation of Circle 8, three key management members from PLS, with significant industry experience, joined the team at Circle 8. In
April 2023, Circle 8 hired Arnold Mabee as its new CEO. Mr. Mabee has a longstanding, successful track record, as he was previously the
President of Sterling Crane USA, LLC Sterling Crane ), which has a portfolio of diverse cranes and locations serving multiple
business segments. As such, Mr. Babee is responsible for one of the larger mobile crane companies in the US. 

Prior to joining Sterling
Crane, Mr. Mabee was the Partner in Charge / Administration at R.S. Phillips Steel LLC, a fourth-generation family-owned Steel Service
Center that serves the Tri-State Area of New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. During his time there, Mr. Babee pioneered several new
innovative ideas to enhance safety, compliance and productivity. 

Mr. Mabee has thirty years
of operations and senior level management experience in a variety of industries including all aspects mobile crane heavy haul services,
steel service centers and other industrial services businesses. Mr. Mabee has a long history of improving profitability, significantly
growing businesses, and where appropriate, taking them through successful restructuring and segmentation events. 

With the appointment of Mr.
Mabee as CEO of Circle 8, Phillip Bryson continues on with Circle 8 as President. 

Competitive Advantage 

Circle 8 s operating
experience and the mid-sized diverse fleet that it has developed serves the oil services and petrochemical industries, providing full-service
lifting solutions with an industry leading safety record. Key strengths of Circle 8 include: 

- Leading lifting solutions platform 

o Leading provider of comprehensive lifting solutions to diversified end markets, including oil gas
and with expanding operations in infrastructure, plant turn-around and commercial / industrial construction 

o Leading market position with five branches strategically located throughout Texas and Oklahoma 

- Industry leading safety record, commitment and policy 

o Safety is a core value and Circle 8 is a market leader in employee training and practices 

o Dedicated team focused on safety programs. 

- Proven strength of management, recently enhanced and augmented 

o Proven ability to navigate a secular downturn by maintaining strong customer relationships and scale operations
to capture additional market share 

o Seasoned industry leaders who have positioned Circle 8 for future growth 

o Additional advisory team to supplement full time management with strategic industry knowledge, contacts
and corporate transaction capability 

- High quality fleet with the opportunity to expand by 100 creates a barrier to entry 

o Current fleet of 54 cranes, comprised of 46 all-terrain cranes and 6 hydraulic truck cranes, with a combined
average age of 6.2 years and capacity of up to 350 tons 

- Diversified blue-chip customers 

o Entrenched provider to leading, well-capitalized oil and gas industry operators in Texas and Oklahoma 

o Diverse customer base with minimal customer concentration risk 

o Longstanding relationships enable company to easily scale up operations with customers demands
in the oilfield (upstream), commercial, construction, refining marketing (downstream) and wind energy markets. 

- Compelling utilization and financial profile 

o Recently downsized underutilized cranes to return to pre-pandemic fleet utilization over 160 

o Substantial upside remains as Circle 8 efficiently relocates and repurposes its fleet across geographies
and end markets. 

Industry 

There continues to be some
consolidation within the industry recently, including the acquisitions of Rental Services Corporation, NES Rentals, Neff Corporation and
Ahern Rentals by United Rentals, Inc. URI and the acquisitions of Contractors Building Supply Co. and Cloverdale Equipment
Co. by Herc Holdings, Inc. HRI ). However, the U.S. lifting solution equipment distribution and rental industry remains
highly fragmented and consists mainly of a small number of multi-location regional or national operators and a large number of relatively
small, independent businesses serving discrete local markets. The industry is driven by a broad range of economic factors including total
U.S. residential and non-residential construction trends, construction machinery demand, demand for rental equipment and additional, region-specific
factors. Lifting solutions equipment is largely distributed to end users through two channels: equipment rental companies and equipment
dealers. Examples of equipment rental companies include URI, Sunbelt Rentals, and HRI. Examples of equipment dealers include Finning and
Toromont. Circle 8 operates substantially in a segment of the rental business whereby Circle 8 provides all labor and consumables to complete
a project or an assignment. Like Circle 8, many other pure equipment rental companies may also provide parts and service support to customers. 

10 

Sales and Marketing 

Lead by Phillip and Brett
Rhuland, the sales force is highly specialized in lifting solutions sales to oil services customers, seeking long term purchase orders
and master service agreements. Circle 8 plans to continue the extensive training program which involves OEM training sessions on operations
and maintenance to ensure the entire sales force knows the fleet inside and out. 

Circle 8 will be working with
continuing management to implement a back-office content resource management system that will be heavily focused on data collection so
that it can continue to improve margin and help streamline scheduling, operations and fleet management to optimize utilization. 

Competitive Business Strategy 

The oil services lifting
solutions demand has historically been one of the leading sub-segments of the industry for profitability due to high utilization rates
that coincide with the continuous workstreams of extraction. Circle 8 plans to expand this business line in both topline sales through
optimizing service and quality operations with a strong safety record. 

In addition to expanding the
existing business, Circle 8 will seek to make additional forays into the infrastructure construction, the refinery and manufacturing plant
turn-around and industrial facility construction with the availability of new cranes as they become available. 

Customers 

With a focus on the oil services
sub-segment of the lifting solutions business in the Eagle Ford, Haynesville, Permian and Anadarko basins, Circle 8 has a diversified
base of blue-chip customers in TX and OK. While about a third of its sales are expected to be made up from six of the largest players
in the industry, the remaining two thirds of sales will be highly diversified, leading to minimal concentration risk. With its longstanding
relationships with blue-chip customers and incoming fleet units, Circle 8 believes it has the ability to scale up sales with these customers
locally and most likely into other adjacent areas. 

Competition 

Due to the highly skilled
nature and competitive nature of the lifting solutions business, the sector typically consists of companies like Circle 8 that provide
full service lifting solutions on rental or contract basis, including the manpower required to operate the equipment or companies that
require extensive lifting solutions straight purchasing the equipment and hiring crane operators directly. 

The full-service lifting solutions
business is highly fragmented and local with only a few national service providers. In Circle 8 s existing subsegment of the lifting
solutions business to the petrochemical industry, the competition is not as strong as it is in others as the contract terms are usually
longer term and driven by maintaining strong customer relationships. The diversification strategy for Circle 8 into other subsegments
will be faced with competition that is largely driven based on availability, quality (including safety record), reliability and price. 

Environmental and Safety Regulations 

Circle 8 s equipment,
facilities and operations are subject to comprehensive and frequently changing federal, state and local environmental and occupational
health and safety laws, which may vary locally. These laws regulate (1) the handling, storage, use and disposal of hazardous materials
and waste and, if any, the associated cleanup of properties affected by pollutants; (2) air quality (emissions); and (3) wastewater. While
lifting solutions operations generally do not raise significant environmental risks, Circle 8 uses petroleum products, solvents
and other hazardous substances for fueling and maintaining its fleet and vehicles. Circle 8 has made, and will continue to make, capital
and other expenditures to comply with environmental requirements. Circle 8 does not currently anticipate any material adverse effect on
its business, financial condition or competitive position as a result of its efforts to comply with such requirements. 

11 

In the future, federal, state
or local governments could enact new or more stringent laws or issue new or more stringent regulations concerning environmental and worker
health and safety matters, reporting and disclosure obligations, or effect a change in their enforcement of existing laws or regulations,
that could affect operations and increase operational and compliance expenditures. Also, in the future, contamination may be found to
exist at Circle 8 s facilities or off-site locations where waste has been sent. There can be no assurance that Circle 8, or various
environmental regulatory agencies, will not discover previously unknown environmental non-compliance or contamination. Circle 8 could
be held liable for such newly discovered non-compliance or contamination. It is possible that changes in environmental and worker health
and safety laws or liabilities from newly discovered non-compliance or contamination could have a material adverse effect on Circle 8 s
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

BitNile, Inc. 

BNI conducts data center operations
and Bitcoin mining through ACS. 

Overview 

BNI is a blockchain technology
company focused on mining of Bitcoin. We mine using purpose-built computers (or miners to solve complex cryptographic algorithms
(or verify or solve blocks) in the blockchain in exchange for rewards and fees denominated in the native token
of that blockchain network. Our miners provide computing power to a Bitcoin mining pool operator, in which all the participants 
machines mine Bitcoin as a collective group, and we get paid the expected value of both the block reward and transaction fees for doing
so, rather than mine directly for our own account. The mine pool operators receive block rewards and transaction fees paid in Bitcoin
by the blockchain when the mine pool finds new blocks. The reward and transaction fees are then shared by the pool participants based
on their hash rate contributions to the pool, less a small amount of fees. 

We will evaluate each digital
asset in our portfolio, or that we propose to acquire in the future (including by mining), to determine whether it would likely be considered
a security under U.S. federal securities laws, in consultation with outside counsel, as applicable. We will base our analysis on relevant
case law, applying the frameworks established by the U.S. Supreme Court and taking into consideration relevant guidance by the SEC and
its staff. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Operations Legal and Regulatory 
A particular digital asset s status as a security in any relevant jurisdiction is subject to a high degree of uncertainty
and if a regulator disagrees with our characterization of a digital asset, we may be subject to regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines
and penalties, which may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. A determination that Bitcoin that we
own or mine is a security may adversely affect the value of Bitcoin and our business. 

Our Vision 

Traditional finance has historically
had poor customer service and a less than desirable user experience in mobile and web-based platforms, which opens the door to massive
disruption through digital technologies. Additionally, central bank intervention in the financial markets has increasingly turned to money
printing through quantitative easing, which increasingly dilutes the buying power of the global fiat currency market and leads the world
to seek more scarce alternatives. The first phase of the digital transformation has been through the creation of blockchain-based digital
assets. We believe the second phase of this transition will be take form in bridges being built between DeFi and traditional finance to
help improve customer service and user experience in traditional finance. 

We foresee a time when traditional
banking is done in the palm of our hands in community-based, peer-to-peer transactions as opposed through financial intermediaries. This
community-based, peer-to-peer network is otherwise known as DeFi. Although we do not believe DeFi will replace traditional finance in
the near- to medium-term, we believe this transition will happen over the next 20 years as Millennials and Gen-Xers become the power class
and the Baby Boomers retire. DeFi is a concept whereby traditional financial intermediaries are not required to process transactions.
The proliferation of blockchain-based protocols will enable participants to offer novel financial products to banking customers. For instance,
in a world where traditional finance provides savings account rates less than 1 , DeFi protocols can provide savings accounts with significantly
higher yields. Traditional financial platforms are not currently designed to distribute these products to its customers. We believe that
in the near-term integrating a traditional broker dealer could help facilitate the distribution of these decentralized finance protocols
to a broad base of customers. While we recognize DeFi is in its infancy stage, we believe blockchain will be integral to its advancement.
We recognize the uncertainties in DeFi and its effect on our economy both in the U.S. and globally, and acknowledge that this is a new
evolving area that may not evolve as we anticipate and in which we may never be a material participant. 

12 

We have no present intention
of incorporating Earnity s business or operations, or that of any other DeFi platform, with our own. On March 6, 2023, our beneficial
ownership in Earnity was transferred to BMI. 

Cryptocurrency and Cryptocurrency Mining Overview 

Blockchain and Cryptocurrencies Overview 

Cryptocurrencies are a type
of digital asset that function as a medium of exchange, a unit of account and/or a store of value (i.e. a new form of digital money).
Cryptocurrencies operate by means of blockchain technology, which generally uses open-source, peer-to-peer software to create a decentralized
digital ledger that enables the secure use and transfer of digital assets. We believe cryptocurrencies and associated blockchain technologies
have potential advantages over traditional payment systems, including: the tamper-resistant nature of blockchain networks; rapid-to-immediate
settlement of transactions; lower fees; elimination of counterparty risk; protection from identify theft; broad accessibility; and a decentralized
nature that enhances network security by reducing the likelihood of a single point of failure. Recently, cryptocurrencies
have gained widespread mainstream attention and have begun to experience greater adoption by both retail and institutional investors and
the broader financial markets. As cryptocurrencies, and blockchain technologies more generally, have entered the mainstream, prices of
digital assets have reached all-time highs and the broader ecosystem has continued to develop. While we expect the value of Bitcoin to
remain volatile, we believe the general increase in aggregate market value signals institutionalization and wider adoption of cryptocurrency. 

Cryptocurrencies are generally
decentralized currencies that enable near instantaneous transfers. Transactions occur via an open source, cryptographic protocol platform
which uses peer-to-peer technology to operate with no central authority. The online network hosts the public transaction ledger,
known as the blockchain, and each cryptocurrency is associated with a source code that comprises the basis for the cryptographic and algorithmic
protocols governing the blockchain. In a cryptocurrency network, every peer has its own copy of the blockchain, which contains records
of every historical transaction effectively containing records of all account balances. Each account is identified solely
by its unique public key (making it effectively anonymous) and is secured with its associated private key (kept secret, like a password).
The combination of private and public cryptographic keys constitutes a secure digital identity in the form of a digital signature, providing
strong control of ownership. 

In a cryptocurrency network,
generally no single entity owns or operates the network. The infrastructure is typically collectively maintained by a decentralized public
user base. If the network is decentralized, it will not rely on either governmental authorities or financial institutions to create, transmit
or determine the value of the currency units. Rather, the value is determined by market factors, supply and demand for the units, the
prices being set in transfers by mutual agreement or barter among transacting parties, as well as the number of merchants that may accept
the cryptocurrency. Since transfers generally do not require involvement of intermediaries or third parties, there are only nominal transaction
costs in direct peer-to-peer transactions. For example: 

In terms of conventional peer-to-peer transactions, there either are no fees or they are de minimis (Source:
https://www.kraken.com/en-us); 

For purposes of traditional networks, there are nominal fees associated with any transaction (Source:
https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin); and 

As
 of April 15, 2023, the average Bitcoin network fee is 1.20 per transaction, which is still
 very low compared to conventional transaction fees charged by banks and other more traditional
 financial institutions (https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin). 

The network fee is separate
and distinct from the pool fee we pay Antpool for its services in acting as a pool operator, discussed below. The network fee is applicable
to anyone who transacts on the blockchain. 

Although fees are generally
low, block space continues to be a key issue in regards to the volume of transactions on a blockchain. Mining fees can and often do fluctuate
from transaction to transaction as a result of congestion. However, this congestion does not negate any of the statements
made immediately above. 

Units of cryptocurrency can
be converted to fiat currencies, such as the U.S. dollar, at rates determined on various exchanges, such as Binance, Coinbase, Kraken,
Gemini and others. Cryptocurrency prices are quoted on various exchanges and fluctuate with extreme volatility. 

13 

We believe cryptocurrencies,
particularly Bitcoin, the only cryptocurrency we receive for providing computing power to a mining pool operator, offer many advantages
over traditional, fiat currencies, although many of these factors also present potential disadvantages and may introduce additional risks,
including: 

Acting as a fraud deterrent, as cryptocurrencies are digital and cannot be counterfeited or reversed arbitrarily
by a sender; 

Immediate settlement; 

Elimination of counterparty risk; 

No trusted intermediary required; 

Lower fees; 

Identity theft prevention; 

Accessible by everyone; 

Transactions are verified and protected through a confirmation process, which prevents the problem of
double spending; 

Decentralized no central authority (government or financial institution); and 

Not recognized universally and not bound by government imposed or market exchange rates. 

However, cryptocurrencies may not provide all
of the benefits they purport to offer. 

Limitations on Bitcoin Mining 

In addition to competition,
there are many factors that can affect all digital asset mining companies and Bitcoin in particular: 

Limitations on the supply of the cryptocurrency being mined; 

The market price of the cryptocurrency; 

Cost of power: 

Mining difficulty and overall network hashrate; 

Regulatory oversight; and 

Hosting availability. 

The Bitcoin halving is a phenomenon
that occurs approximately every four years on the Bitcoin network. The halving is a key part of the Bitcoin protocol, and it serves to
control the overall supply and reduce the risk of inflation in digital assets using a Proof-of-Work consensus algorithm. At a predetermined
block, the mining reward is cut in half, hence the term halving . For Bitcoin the reward was initially set at 50 Bitcoin
currency rewards per block. The Bitcoin blockchain has undergone halving three times since its inception as follows: (1) on November 28,
2012 at block height 210,000; (2) on July 9, 2016 at block height 420,000; (3) on May 11, 2020 at block height 630,000, when the reward
was reduced to its current level of 6.25 Bitcoin per block. The next halving for the Bitcoin blockchain is anticipated to occur on or
around March 2024 at block height 840,000. This process will reoccur until the total amount of Bitcoin currency rewards issued reaches
21 million and the theoretical supply of new Bitcoin is exhausted, which is expected to occur around 2140. 

We currently only participate
in mining pools that mine Bitcoin. Our business is heavily dependent on the price of Bitcoin. The prices of digital assets, including
Bitcoin, have experienced substantial volatility, meaning that high or low prices may be based on speculation and incomplete information,
may be subject to rapidly changing investor sentiment, and may be influenced by factors such as technology, regulatory void or changes,
fraudulent actors, manipulation, and media reporting. Bitcoin may have value based on various factors, including their acceptance as a
means of exchange by consumers and producers, scarcity, and market demand which are beyond our control. See Risk Factors 
Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Operations for more information on the risks we face due to our mining of Bitcoin and its speculative
and volatile nature. 

Cryptocurrency Mining and Mining Pools 

As a participant in a cryptocurrency
mining pool, we use specialized miners to solve cryptographic math problems necessary to record and publish cryptocurrency
transactions to blockchain ledgers. Generally, each cryptocurrency has its own blockchain, which consists of software code (also known
as a protocol), which is run by all the computers on the network for such blockchain. Within this code, transactions are collated into
blocks, and these blocks must meet certain requirements to be verified by the blockchain software, added to the blockchain or ledger of
all transactions and published to all participants on the network that are running the blockchain software. After a transaction is verified,
it is combined with other transactions to create a new block of data for the blockchain. For proof-of-work blockchains, the process of
verifying valid blocks requires computational effort to solve a cryptographic equation, and this computational effort protects the integrity
of the blockchain ledger. This process is referred to as mining. As a reward for verifying a new block, miners receive payment
in the form of the native cryptocurrency of the network (e.g., Bitcoin). This payment is comprised of a block reward (i.e., the automatic
issue of new cryptocurrency tokens) and the aggregated transaction fees for the transactions included in the block (paid in existing cryptocurrency
tokens by the participants to the transactions). The block reward payments and the aggregated transaction fees are what provide the incentive
for miners to contribute hash rate to the network. 

14 

A hash is the
actual cryptographic function run by the miners, and is a unique set of numbers and letters derived from the content of the block. The
protocol governing the relevant blockchain sets certain requirements for the hash. Miners compete to be the first to generate a valid
hash meeting these requirements and, thereby, secure payment for solving the block. Hash rate is the speed at which miners can complete
the calculation, and therefore is a critical measure of performance and computational power. A high rate means a miner may complete more
calculations over a given period and has a greater chance to solve a block. An individual miner has a hash rate total of its miners seeking
to mine a specific cryptocurrency, and the blockchain-wide hash rate for a specific cryptocurrency can be understood as the aggregate
of the hash rates of all of the miners actively trying to solve a block on that blockchain at a given time. 

The protocols governing Bitcoin
and other cryptocurrencies are coded to regulate the frequency at which new blocks are verified by automatically adjusting what is known
as the mining difficulty, which is the level of computational activity required before a new block is solved and verified.
For example, on the Bitcoin blockchain the protocol is coded such that a new block is solved and verified approximately every ten minutes,
while on Ethereum blocks are designed to be solved approximately every twelve to fifteen seconds. As such, to the extent the hash power
on the network is increased or decreased due to, for example, fluctuations in the number of active miners online, mining difficulty is
correspondingly increased or decreased to maintain the preset interval for the verification of new blocks. 

On certain cryptocurrency
networks, including Bitcoin, the rewards for solving a block are also subject to periodic incremental halving. Halving is a process designed
to control the overall supply and reduce the risk of inflation in cryptocurrencies using a proof-of-work consensus algorithm. After a
predetermined number of blocks are added to the blockchain, the mining reward is cut in half, hence the term halving. The
last halving for Bitcoin occurred on May 11, 2020. The next halving for Bitcoin is expected to occur in 2024, and as such, absent
any changes to the Bitcoin protocols, the block reward will remain stable until then. Transaction fees are variable and depend on the
level of activity on the network. Generally, transaction fees increase during times of network congestion, as miners will prefer transactions
with higher fees, and therefore a higher fee can reduce the time to process a transaction, and decrease when there are fewer transactions
on the network. 

As the total amount of available
hash rate has increased (particularly on the Bitcoin network), it has become increasingly difficult for any individual miner to independently
solve a block and as a result mining pools have emerged as an efficient way for miners to pool resources. Mining pools aggregate
the hash rate of various miners participating in the mining pool. In this way the mining pool operator, rather than an individual miner,
validates the block and receives the block reward and related transaction fees. The mining pool is organized by a third party, in our
case Antpool.com. In consideration for receiving a percentage of the earned block rewards and transaction fees, Antpool.com administers
the pool and ensures that the participants in the pool receive their share of the block reward and related transaction fees, generally
pro-rata to their contributed hash rate. Mining pools offer miners more predictable and consistent revenue compared to mining individually.
We participate in mining pools by providing what the industry refers to as hashrate to the pool. Hashrate is defined as
the computing power that our mining equipment produces when helping to validate a block that the mining pool is trying to solve. We use
the FPPS, or Full Pay-Per-Share, method when mining with Antpool.com. Pursuant to the Full Pay Per Share model, both the
block reward and the mining service charge are settled according to the theoretical profit. It includes the calculation of a standard
transaction fee within a certain period and distributes it to mining pool participants according to their hash power contributions in
the pool. It increases the mining pool participants earnings by sharing transaction fees. Standard transaction fees are calculated
using a certain period which are then distributed to miners according to their hash power contributions in the pool. Antpool.com currently
charges us a 0.3 mining fee. 

We provide computing power
to the mining pool, which is run by the mining pool operator with whom we contract, who in turn provides transaction verification services.
Based on the terms of the agreement, in our judgment, the mining pool operator is considered the principal in providing mining pool services.
We recognize revenue, net of certain transaction fees from the mining pool operator, which are not considered material. To date, we have
only used one mining pool operator. Our current mining pool agreement is cancelable at any time by either party without penalty. Revenue
received from for providing computing power would be directly impacted positively or negatively should we start and stop providing computing
power to the mining pool operator within a given reporting period. 

15 

Our Strategy 

Smart Growth 

We aim to optimize our mining
by actively monitoring and adjusting the operation of mining machines to enhance their performance. When planning our short- and long-term
operating strategies and capital expenditures, we carefully monitor fluctuations and longer-term trends in the value of certain cryptocurrencies,
which impacts the return on investment of machines. We also regularly evaluate potential innovations in geography, physical footprint,
computing technology and similar areas to improve our operations and productivity. We believe this smart growth strategy, including our
commitment to mining efficiency and return on investment in miners, will enable us to build value over the long term. 

Own and Operate Our Mining Facilities 

We have made significant investments
in purchasing, building and operating our mining facilities. By owning and operating our miners at facilities that offer competitive advantages,
including access to reliable, low-cost, renewable power and room for expansion, we expect to have greater control over the timing of the
purchase and deployment of our miners. We also may enhance our ability to intelligently and quickly adapt our operating model and reap
savings compared to paying for outsourced operations and infrastructure. We anticipate that we will continue to consider other opportunities
to integrate our operations, including with respect to both the software utilized by our fleet and the associated hardware. 

Reliable, Low-Cost, Renewable Power 

Power represents our highest
variable direct cost for our mining operations, with electrical power required to operate the miners. We believe the combination of increased
mining difficulty, driven by greater hash rates, and the periodic adjustment of reward rates, such as the halving of Bitcoin rewards,
will drive the increasing importance of power efficiency in cryptocurrency mining over the long term. As a result, we are focused on deploying
our miners at locations with access to reliable, renewable power sources, as successfully doing so should enable us to reduce our power
costs. 

Miners require considerable amounts of electrical energy to perform
their functions and mine Bitcoin; consequently, a critical aspect of operating in the cryptocurrency mining industry is obtaining a reliable
supply of electricity at a relatively low and stable cost. To this end, in January 2021, ACS purchased the Facility, which currently has
access to 28 megawatts of power in preparation for the planned purchase of Bitcoin mining equipment. Since the purchase of the Facility,
we have invested in infrastructure improvements and began both ramping up the sites power capacity and installing S19j Pro miners. To
date, we have increased power load from 1.5 megawatts to 28 megawatts . In addition, we are
working on a formal agreement with the utility company that currently provides our power to expand the site s capacity up to 297
megawatts, which could take up to 24 months to complete such an expansion. Our relationship with the utility company has grown
as we have demonstrated our ability to upgrade and use power at our site effectively. We are in the midst of finalizing those expansion
details with the utility company, engineers, and the Economic Development Agency. This planned expansion would allow the operation of
up to as many as 90,000 Bitcoin miners at the Facility. 

We continue to evaluate other
sites, locations, and partnerships for additional and alternative support of future mining operations. While we have not at present entered
into any other agreements, we will continue to explore and evaluate additional facilities that that would enable us to expand our mining
operations as needed. 

Our Mining Operations 

On January 29, 2021, ACS closed
on the acquisition of the 617,000 square foot energy-efficient Facility for a purchase price of 4.0 million. The purchase price was paid
using our own working capital. The Facility has been remodeled and converted over the past year into a site focused on three types of
business (commercial real estate, enterprise data center, and high-density computing). 

The buildout of the initial
30,000 square feet will be used primarily for our Bitcoin mining operations. While we believe the Facility and its anticipated future
operations will be successful, there is a risk that our expectations will not materialize in a timely manner, if at all. 

16 

Between July and November
2021, we entered into five separate Non-Fixed Price Sales and Purchase Agreements (collectively, the Bitmain Agreements with Bitmain. We have received 20,645 Antminers, fulfilling the first five of seven Bitmain Agreements including 4,628 environmentally
friendly S19 XP Antminers that feature a processing power of 140 terahashes per second TH/s and 16,017 S19j Pro Antminers
that feature a processing power of 100 TH/s. The 20,645 Antminers in our possession, once installed and energized, will generate a combined
processing power of approximately 2.25 exahashes per second EH/s ), the computational power that is being used to mine Bitcoin. 

Beyond the first five contracts
with Bitmain, we have two more purchase agreements for an additional 1,325 S19j Pro Antminers estimated to be delivered over the second
quarter 2023 and 1,140 S19 XP Hydro Antminers anticipated to be delivered during the summer of 2023. Once all of the miners are fully
deployed and operational, we expect to achieve a mining production capacity of approximately 2.67 EH/s. 

All of the miners we are purchasing
are newly manufactured and not pre-owned. We are not aware if Bitmain is experiencing any supply side constraints in its ability to fulfill
the Bitmain Agreements; to date, Bitmain has timely delivered all miners pursuant to the delivery schedule in such agreements. 

Our strategy includes identifying
less expensive, clean power for our Bitcoin mining operations. Management of the company has considered the issues surrounding the environmental
impact of our Bitcoin mining operations. Based on this review, we have concluded that the environmental impact of our mining operations
is not material given that approximately 85 of the energy we use is green, meaning it is sourced from nuclear, wind or
solar power. In addition to our continued expansion investments at the Facility, we also seek out new locations to support our Bitcoin
mining business. We consider sites with a variety of offerings, including purchasing the site (as we have done in Michigan), but also
leasing buildings and facilities, hosting relationships and strategic partnerships. At this time, we have not entered into any new mining
agreements at locations other than the Facility. We currently mine Bitcoin only. 

Coins that are mined are held
in a custodial account as digital assets. We transitioned from NYDIG to Gemini Trust Company, LLC Gemini as custodian
and securely store our digital assets at Gemini, a regulated, audited and insured cryptocurrency custodian. The custody arrangements require
that we mine to a custodial wallet address where the private key is held by the custodian and all keys for the wallet are held in cold
storage. This provides a layer of protection in both the transaction and liquidation phases of the operations by using multi-factor and
multi-person approval processes, to include Know Your Customer and Anti-Money Laundering procedures of the receiving party. We will either
hold the digital assets or may choose to convert those assets into fiat currency depending on financial needs and plans. When we opt to
convert the digital assets we sell or exchange our Bitcoin through Gemini, the custodian of our digital wallet. When we elect to make
a sale or exchange our Senior Vice President - Finance submits a request to Gemini s execution department to exchange Bitcoin for
U.S. dollars. Gemini sends an approval email to our CEO to approve. Once approved by our CEO, Gemini executes the sale/exchange on its
trading platform at current market prices, less commissions, and deposits the U.S. dollars into our bank account. 

Beyond the foregoing, our
custody agreement with Gemini provides that: 

Gemini provides a unique custody account in which all our blockchain assets are held, which are segregated
from all others assets and are verifiable through the blockchain; and 

Gemini charges us fees in Bitcoin, which is deducted from our digital assets on the last business day
of every month. 

Currently, we are converting
Bitcoin received from our mining activities into fiat currency on a bimonthly basis, on average, to pay for operating costs and purchase
commitments for new mining equipment. We are not currently holding any digital assets for investment. 

Our Contracts with Bitmain 

Between July and November
2021, we entered into five separate Non-Fixed Price Sales and Purchase Agreements (collectively, the Bitmain Agreements with Bitmain. We have received 20,645 Antminers, fulfilling the first five of seven Bitmain Agreements including 4,628 environmentally
friendly S19 XP Antminers that feature a processing power of 140 terahashes per second TH/s and 16,017 S19j Pro Antminers
that feature a processing power of 100 TH/s. The 20,645 Antminers in our possession, once installed and energized, will generate a combined
processing power of approximately 2.25 exahashes per second EH/s ), the computational power that is being used to mine Bitcoin. 

17 

Beyond the first five contracts
with Bitmain, we have two more purchase agreements for an additional 1,325 S19j Pro Antminers estimated to be delivered over the second
quarter 2023 and 1,140 S19 XP Hydro Antminers anticipated to be delivered during the summer of 2023. Once all of the miners are fully
deployed and operational, we expect to achieve a mining production capacity of approximately 2.67 EH/s. 

All of the miners we are purchasing
are newly manufactured and not pre-owned. We are not aware if Bitmain is experiencing any supply side constraints in its ability to fulfill
the Bitmain Agreements; to date, Bitmain has timely delivered all miners pursuant to the delivery schedule in such agreements. 

Regulation 

Cryptocurrency mining is largely an unregulated
activity at both the state and federal level. We anticipate that cryptocurrency mining will be a focus for increased regulation in the
near- and long-term, and we cannot predict how future regulations may affect our business or operations. 

In March 2022, the United States announced plans
to establish a unified federal regulatory regime for cryptocurrency, and a group of United States Senators sent a letter to the United
States Treasury Department asking Treasury Secretary Yellen to investigate Treasury s ability to monitor and restrict the use of
cryptocurrencies to evade sanctions imposed by the United States. We are unable to predict the impact that any new regulations may have
on our business at the time of filing this Annual Report. We continue to monitor and proactively engage in dialogue on legislative matters
related to our industry. 

In September 2022, the White House issued a report
regarding the Climate and Energy Implications of Crypto-Assets in the United States. The report states that the Department of Energy and
Environmental Protection Agency should initiate a process to solicit data and develop environmental performance and energy conservation
standards for crypto-asset technologies, including mining equipment. Should such measures prove ineffective at achieving the Administration s
environmental goals, the report calls for the Administration to explore executive actions and legislation to limit or eliminate the use
of high energy intensity consensus mechanisms for crypto-asset mining. 

We are unable to predict the impact that any new
standards, legislation, or regulations may have on our business at the time of filing this Annual Report. We continue to monitor and proactively
engage in dialogue on regulatory and legislative matters related to our industry. 

Further, in December 2022 the SEC s Division
of Corporation Finance issued guidance advising companies to disclose exposure and risk to the cryptocurrency market. While the focus
is on digital asset managers and exchanges, and not Bitcoin miners, the failure of such large asset managers and exchanges may create
increased price volatility of Bitcoin. 

In January 2023, the Federal Reserve, Office of
the Comptroller of the Currency, and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation issued a joint statement discouraging banks from doing business
with clients in crypto-asset industries. In January 2023, the Federal Reserve also issued a policy statement broadening its authority
to cover state-chartered banks. 

Also in January 2023, the House of Representatives
announced its first ever Financial Services Subcommittee on Digital Assets and the intention to develop a regulatory framework for the
digital asset industry. Bipartisan leadership of the Senate Banking Committee announced that goal as well. 

As the regulatory and legal environment evolves,
we may become subject to new laws, such as further regulation by the SEC and other agencies, which may affect our mining and other activities.
For additional discussion regarding our belief about the potential risks existing and future regulation pose to our business, see Part
I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report. 

Competition 

Our business environment is
constantly evolving, and cryptocurrency miners can range from individual enthusiasts to professional mining operations with dedicated
data centers. We compete with other companies that focus all or a portion of their activities on cryptocurrency mining activities at scale.
We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including, but not limited to, the acquisition of new miners, the ability
to raise capital, obtaining the lowest cost of electricity, obtaining access to energy sites with reliable sources of power, and evaluating
new technology developments in the industry. 

18 

At present, the information
concerning the activities of these enterprises may not be readily available as the vast majority of the participants in this sector do
not publish information publicly or the information may be unreliable. Published sources of information include bitcoin.org 
and blockchain.info however, the reliability of that information and its continued availability cannot be assured and the
contents of these sites are not incorporated into this annual report. 

A number of public companies
(traded in the U.S. and internationally) and private companies may be considered to compete with us, including the following companies
which we have identified as our competitors: 

Argo Blockchain PLC; 

Bit Digital, Inc.; 

Bitfarms Technologies Ltd. (formerly Blockchain Mining Ltd); 

Cipher Mining Inc.; 

Core Scientific, Inc.; 

Digihost International, Inc.; 

DMG Blockchain Solutions Inc.; 

Galaxy Digital Holdings Ltd.; 

Greenidge Generation Holdings Inc.; 

HashChain Technology, Inc.; 

Hive Blockchain Technologies Inc.; 

Hut 8 Mining Corp.; 

Iris Energy Limited; 

Layer1 Technologies, Inc.; 

Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc.; 

MGT Capital Investments, Inc.; 

Northern Data AG; 

Riot Blockchain, Inc.; 

Overstock.com Inc.; and 

Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. 

Intellectual Property 

We plan to use specific hardware
and software for our cryptocurrency mining operations. In certain cases, source code and other software assets may be subject to an open
source license, as much technology development underway in this sector is open source. For these works, we intend to adhere to the terms
of any license agreements that may be in place. 

We do not currently own, and
do not have any current plans to seek, any patents in connection with our existing and planned blockchain and cryptocurrency related operations.
We do expect to rely upon trade secrets, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights and other intellectual property rights and
expect to license the use of intellectual property rights owned and controlled by others. 

Accounting for Digital Currencies 

Digital currencies are included
in current assets in the combined balance sheet. Digital currencies are recorded at cost less any impairment. An intangible asset with
an indefinite useful life is not amortized but assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently, when events or changes in circumstances
occur indicating that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired. Impairment exists when the carrying amount
exceeds its fair value. In testing for impairment, we have the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it
is more likely than not that an impairment exists. If it is determined that it is not more likely than not that an impairment exists,
a quantitative impairment test is not necessary. If we conclude otherwise, we will be required to perform a quantitative impairment test.
To the extent an impairment loss is recognized, the loss establishes the new cost basis of the asset. Subsequent reversal of impairment
losses is not permitted. We account for our mining-related gains or losses in accordance with the first-in, first-out method of accounting. 

19 

Ault Lending 

Ault
Lending acquires controlling or non-controlling interests in and actively manages businesses that we generally believe (i) are undervalued
and have disruptive technologies with a global impact, (ii) operate in industries with long-term macroeconomic growth opportunities,
(iii) have positive and stable cash flows, (iv) face minimal threats of technological or competitive obsolescence, and (v) have
strong management teams largely in place. We offer investors a unique opportunity to own a diverse group of leading middle-market businesses
in the niche-industrial and branded-consumer sectors. 

Ault
Lending uses a traditional methodology for valuing securities that primarily looks for deeply depressed prices. Upon making an investment,
we often become actively involved in the companies we seek to acquire. That activity may involve a broad range of approaches, from influencing
the management of a target to take steps to improve stockholder value, to acquiring a controlling or non-controlling interest or outright
ownership of the target company in order to implement changes that we believe are required to improve its business, and then operating
and expanding that business. 

Ault
Lending believes that private company operators and corporate parents looking to sell their business units may consider us an attractive
purchaser because of our ability to: 

provide ongoing strategic and financial support for their businesses, including professionalization of
our subsidiaries at scale; 

maintain a long-term outlook as to the ownership of those businesses; 

sustainably invest in growth capital and/or add-on acquisitions where appropriate; and 

consummate transactions efficiently without being dependent on third-party transaction financing. 

In
particular, we believe that our outlook on length of ownership and active management on our part may alleviate the concern that many private
company operators and parent companies may have with regard to their businesses going through multiple sale processes in a short period
of time. We believe this outlook enhances our ability to develop a comprehensive strategy to grow the earnings and cash flows of each
of our businesses. 

Finally,
it has been our experience that our ability to acquire businesses without the cumbersome delays and conditions typical of third party
transactional financing is appealing to sellers of businesses who are interested in confidentiality, speed and certainty to close. 

We
believe our management team s strong relationships with industry executives, accountants, attorneys, business brokers, commercial
and investment bankers, and other potential sources of acquisition opportunities offer us substantial opportunities to assess small businesses
available for acquisition. In addition, the flexibility, creativity, experience and expertise of our management team in structuring transactions
allows us to consider non-traditional and complex transactions tailored to fit a specific acquisition target. 

In
terms of the businesses in which we have a controlling interest as of December 31, 2022, we believe that these businesses have strong
management teams, operate in strong markets with defensible market niches, and maintain long-standing customer relationships. 

Ault Lending provides funding
to businesses through loans and investments. Ault Lending offers a variety of loan types including commercial loans, convertible notes
and revolving lines of credit. Ault Lending is engaged in providing commercial loans to companies throughout the United States to provide
them with operating capital to finance the growth of their businesses. The loans are primarily short-term, ranging from six to 12 months,
but may be of longer duration. These terms are subject to change as market needs dictate, and Ault Lending anticipates offering additional
products in the future. 

Ault Lending uses its considerable
financial experience, data analytics, and a credit scoring model to assess the creditworthiness of each small business borrower applicant.
If the business meets Ault Lending s criteria, Ault Lending sets the initial interest rate according to its credit and financial
models. The final interest rate offered to the borrower will be determined by Ault Lending s interpretation of the marketplace.
In order to borrow from Ault Lending, borrowers must display characteristics indicative of durable business and financial situations.
These include factors such as revenue, time in business, number of employees, and financial and credit variables. In order to qualify,
business borrower applicants must be approved through Ault Lending s underwriting process, which analyzes credit and financial data
of both the business and the business owner. Ault Lending takes into account several business factors (including revenue, age of business,
cash flows, and other variables). The underwriting process determines the loan amount to approve, how loans will be priced, and whether
to include a blanket lien is based on the above analysis, as well as additional factors (including length of loan, estimated default rates
by type and grade, and general economic environment). 

20 

Our Executive Committee, which
is comprised of our Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, acts as the underwriting committee for Ault Lending and
approves all lending transactions. The Executive Committee has decades of experience in financial, investing and securities transactions.
Under its business model, Ault Lending generates revenue through origination fees charged to borrowers and interest generated from each
loan. Ault Lending may also generate income from appreciation of investments in marketable securities as well as any shares of common
stock underlying convertible notes or warrants issued to Ault Lending in any particular financing. 

As noted above, we will from
time to time, through Ault Lending, engage in discussions with other companies interested in our subsidiaries or partner companies, either
in response to inquiries or as part of a process we initiate. To the extent we believe that a subsidiary partner company s further
growth and development can best be supported by a different ownership structure or if we otherwise believe it is in our stockholders 
best interests, we will seek to sell some or all of our position in the subsidiary or partner company. These sales may take the form of
privately negotiated sales of stock or assets, mergers and acquisitions, public offerings of the subsidiary or partner company s
securities and, in the case of publicly traded partner companies, transactions in their securities in the open market. Our plans may include
taking subsidiaries or partner companies public through rights offerings, mergers or spin-offs and directed share subscription programs.
We will continue to consider these and functionally equivalent programs and the sale of certain subsidiary or partner company interests
in secondary market transactions to maximize value for our stockholders. 

During 2023, we anticipate
providing significant new funding to expand Ault Lending s loan and investment portfolio. Ault Lending loans are made or arranged
pursuant to a California Financing Law license (Lic.no. 60 DBO77905). 

Ault Alpha 

Ault Lending is the principal
owner of Ault Alpha, a term we use that comprises an investment fund, a general partner and an investment manager all formed on July 15,
2021. Ault Alpha generally seeks to invest in public companies or private companies with public debt that have strong relative value metrics
but poor Wall Street recognition; such companies can often experience valuation inefficiencies. Ault Alpha seeks to identify and invest
in these undervalued companies. In certain companies, Ault Alpha will actively intervene to assist management to maximize stockholder
value. Ault Alpha believes that an activist role can result in the creation of significant value and larger than average returns on investment.
Ault Alpha will own a concentrated portfolio, and typically invest with a long-term perspective. Further, Ault Alpha will employ a systematic
process, developed over decades of collective experience in the capital and credit markets, to seek specific value-creating events and/or
special situations, to provide compelling return potential and generate competitive capital appreciation and total return by making investments
in three key categories: (i) undervalued or overvalued assets; (ii) activist trading; and (iii) volatility trading and arbitrage. Ault
Alpha has purchased the Company s common stock in open-market transactions. 

BitNile Metaverse, Inc . 

As discussed above, we
recently transferred our entire ownership of BitNile.com, or BNC, to BitNile Metaverse, or BMI. As part of that transaction, we also transferred
our ownership of Ault Iconic and all of our beneficial ownership of Earnity to BMI. 

Overview 

BNC, an entity in the embryonic
stage of development, represents a groundbreaking development in the online metaverse landscape, offering immersive, interconnected digital
experiences that are inclusive, engaging, and dynamic. By integrating various elements such as virtual markets, real world goods marketplaces,
gaming, social activities, sweepstakes, gambling, and more, BNC aims to revolutionize the way people interact online. BNC s rapidly
growing virtual world, BitNile.com (the Platform is accessible via any device using any web browser, without requiring
permissions, downloads, or apps, and the Platform can be enjoyed without the need for bulky and costly virtual reality headsets. 

BNC s business strategy
revolves around creating a seamless, all-encompassing Platform that caters to various user needs and interests. The Platform s strategic
pillars include: 

Leveraging cutting-edge technology to offer a
user-friendly, browser-based platform compatible with VR headsets and other modern devices; 

Providing a diverse range of products and experiences
that cater to users with different interests and preferences; 

Fostering global connections and a sense of community
among users, encouraging socialization and collaboration; and 

Ensuring continuous innovation to stay ahead
of industry trends and customer expectations. 

21 

Customers 

BNC targets a broad audience,
including: 

Tech-savvy individuals seeking immersive digital
experiences; 

Gamers of all skill levels interested in a diverse
array of gaming options; 

Collectors and traders of digital assets, such
as virtual real estate, digital art, and unique collectibles; 

Shoppers seeking a convenient, intuitive platform
for purchasing real world goods; and 

Users seeking social interaction and global connectivity
in a virtual environment. 

Products 

BNC offers an extensive range
of products and experiences, including: 

Virtual markets: Sales of digital assets from
BNC as well as third party vendors like virtual real estate, digital art, user customizations, and unique collectibles; 

Real world goods marketplaces: A platform for
shopping a diverse range of real world products; 

Gaming: a selection of gaming options, including
participation in games, sweepstakes, and social gaming experiences; 

Sweepstakes gaming: A dedicated gaming zone for
sweepstakes gaming, offering opportunities to win virtual and real money; 

Contests of skill: competitions where users can
showcase their talents and win prizes; 

Building private spaces: A feature allowing users
to construct and customize their dream homes or private spaces; 

Social hubs for users to interact with individuals
from around the world; and 

Unique virtual and real world experiences, such
as live and virtual concerts, conferences, and other events. 

Industry 

The metaverse industry is
experiencing rapid growth and expansion, driven by advancements in technology, increased interest in virtual experiences, and the rise
of digital economies. Key trends include: 

The integration of virtual and physical worlds; 

The emergence of virtual economies and markets;
and 

The growing importance of socialization and community-building
in digital spaces. 

Competition 

BNC faces competition from
existing metaverse platforms and new entrants. Key competitors include: 

Established metaverse platforms, such as Decentraland,
The Sandbox, and Second Life, as well as companies that focus on development of metaverse tools and platforms such as META; 

Gaming-focused platforms, like Fortnite and Roblox;
and 

Social media platforms that integrate metaverse
elements, such as Facebook s Horizon Workrooms. 

Regulatory Environment 

BNC operates within a complex and evolving regulatory
landscape, with key considerations including: 

Data privacy and protection regulations, such
as GDPR and CCPA; 

Compliance with gaming and gambling regulations
in various jurisdictions; and 

Intellectual property rights and digital asset
ownership. 

22 

BNC intends to offer a transformative
digital experience by combining elements of virtual markets, real world goods marketplaces, gaming, social activities, and sweepstakes
gaming. This unique integration establishes BNC as a pioneering Platform in the metaverse industry, catering to diverse user interests
and needs. We believe that as the industry evolves and expands, BNC s commitment to providing immersive and interconnected digital
experiences will place it at the forefront of the metaverse revolution, poised to redefine online interaction and engagement for users
around the globe. By continuously innovating and adapting to the ever-changing digital landscape, BNC aims to offer limitless possibilities
and opportunities for users, setting the stage for a truly inclusive and dynamic metaverse. 

Business Strategy 

BNC s business strategy
focuses on delivering a comprehensive, immersive, and interconnected metaverse experience that stands out from the competition. To achieve
this, the platform has identified several core strategic initiatives that will guide its growth and development. 

Technological Innovation and User Experience 

BNC places a strong emphasis
on leveraging cutting-edge technology to create a seamless, user-friendly experience. By offering a browser-based platform that is compatible
with VR headsets and other modern devices, BNC ensures accessibility and convenience for users across various platforms. BNC intends to
continuously invest in research and development to stay at the forefront of technological advancements in the metaverse space, ensuring
that users enjoy an unparalleled experience. 

Diversification and Personalization 

BNC s strategy focuses
on providing a diverse range of products and experiences that caters to users with different interests and preferences. By offering a
wide variety of activities, from virtual markets and real world goods marketplaces to gaming, social interaction, and live and virtual
events, the platform aims to attract a broad user base and promote user engagement. Additionally, BNC intends to emphasize personalization,
allowing users to customize their experiences and tailor the platform to suit their unique needs and tastes. 

Community Building and Global Connections 

The Platform recognizes the
importance of fostering a strong sense of community and global connectivity among its users. BNC intends to implement various features
and initiatives designed to encourage socialization, collaboration, and networking among users from around the world. This will include
the creation of social hubs, support for user-generated content, and the promotion of events and activities that bring users together. 

Monetization and Revenue Generation 

BNC s business strategy
includes developing diverse revenue streams to ensure the Platform s long-term sustainability and growth. Potential monetization
strategies include charging fees for premium features, from sales and transactions on virtual markets and real world goods marketplaces,
social sweepstakes gaming, real and virtual concerts and events, and offering advertising opportunities for brands within the metaverse.
Additionally, the Platform will explore partnerships and collaborations with other businesses and organizations to create new revenue-generating
opportunities. 

Compliance and Regulatory Management 

To navigate the complex and
evolving regulatory landscape, BNC will prioritize compliance with relevant laws and regulations in all jurisdictions where it operates.
This includes data privacy and protection regulations, gaming and sweepstakes regulations, and intellectual property rights. By maintaining
a strong focus on regulatory compliance, BNC aims to minimize potential legal risks and build trust with users and partners. 

23 

Continuous Improvement and Adaptability 

Finally, BNC s business
strategy emphasizes the importance of continuously evaluating and refining its offerings in response to changing market trends and user
preferences. The platform will actively seek user feedback and monitor industry developments to inform its ongoing product development
and feature enhancements. This adaptability will allow BNC to maintain its competitive edge and continue delivering a compelling metaverse
experience for users. 

Customers and Product Interaction 

BNC aims to serve a diverse
customer base by offering an extensive range of products and experiences designed to cater to various interests and preferences. The Platform
seeks to create a highly engaging environment, encouraging users to interact with its offerings in multiple ways. This section provides
insights into BNC s target customers and how they interact with the various products and experiences available on the Platform. 

Tech-savvy Individuals 

Tech-savvy individuals are
drawn to BNC due to its innovative, cutting-edge technology and immersive virtual experiences. These users are likely to engage with the
Platform s virtual markets, trading digital assets like virtual real estate, digital art and unique collectibles. They may also
be early adopters of VR headsets, using them to explore the metaverse and interact with other users in social hubs. 

Gamers of All Skill Levels 

BNC appeals to gamers by offering
an extensive selection of gaming options, from casual games to competitive contests of skill. Gamers can participate in various gaming
experiences, such as: 

Sweepstakes gaming: Gamers can enter sweepstakes
games to compete for virtual and real money prizes, testing their skills against other players in a secure, fair environment; 

Social gaming experiences: Users can engage with
others in single player games with chat features as well as multiplayer games, fostering collaboration and communication while enjoying
a shared gaming experience; and 

Contests of skill: Competitive gamers can showcase
their abilities by participating in contests of skill, earning recognition, and winning prizes. 

Collectors and Traders of Digital Assets 

BNC s virtual markets
cater to users interested in collecting, trading, and investing in digital assets. These users can interact with the Platform s
offerings by: 

Buying, selling, and trading digital assets,
such as virtual real estate, digital art, and unique collectibles; 

Exploring and engaging with the digital art galleries
and museums featured in the metaverse; and 

Attending virtual events and auctions for exclusive
digital asset releases and limited-edition collectibles. 

Shoppers Seeking Real world Goods 

Users looking for a convenient,
intuitive platform to purchase real world goods can explore BNC s real world goods marketplaces, which offer a diverse range of
products. These users can: 

Browse and purchase items from categories such
as fashion, electronics, travel, and home goods; 

Interact with virtual showrooms and product demonstrations
to gain a better understanding of the products they re interested in; and 

Participate in virtual events, sales, and promotions
to discover new products and take advantage of special offers. 

24 

Social Seekers and Global Connectors 

We believe BNC will appeal
to users who value social interaction and global connectivity in a virtual environment. These users can engage with the Platform s
offerings by: 

Participating in various social hubs to meet
and interact with individuals from around the world. 

Collaborating on projects, sharing ideas, and
forming new friendships within the metaverse. 

Building and customizing private spaces to host
gatherings, parties, or events for their friends and online communities. 

Attending virtual events, concerts, and conferences
to connect with others who share their interests and passions. 

By understanding its target
customers and the ways in which they interact with BNC s various products and experiences, the Platform can effectively tailor its
offerings to meet the needs and preferences of its diverse user base. 

Products and Experiences 

BNC intends to offer an extensive
range of products and experiences designed to cater to a diverse audience with varied interests and preferences. By providing a comprehensive
suite of offerings, the Platform aims to attract and engage users, creating a vibrant and dynamic metaverse environment. The following
is an expanded list of BNC s products and experiences, most of which remain in development: 

Virtual markets: Facilitating the trading of
digital assets like digital skins, a graphic download that changes the appearance of characters in video games, for avatar customization
virtual real estate, digital art, and unique collectibles, enabling users to participate in a thriving digital economy; 

Real world goods marketplaces: Offering a platform
for users to shop for a diverse range of real world products, including fashion, electronics, and home goods, seamlessly connecting the
virtual and physical worlds; 

Gaming: Providing an extensive selection of gaming
options for users of all skill levels, including participation in games, sweepstakes, and social gaming experiences; 

Sweepstakes gaming: Featuring a dedicated gaming
zone for users to engage in sweepstakes gaming, with opportunities to win both virtual and real money prizes; 

Contests of skill: Organizing competitions for
users to showcase their talents and compete against others for prizes and recognition in various disciplines; 

Building private spaces: Allowing users to construct
and customize their dream homes or private spaces, tailoring their environments with an array of design options and sharing their creations
with others or keeping them as personal retreats; 

Socialization and connectivity: Fostering global
connections by enabling users to interact with individuals from around the world, forming new friendships, collaborating on projects,
or engaging in conversations within various social hubs; and 

Real and virtual concerts: Hosting live and virtual
concerts within the metaverse, featuring performances from both real world and virtual artists, allowing users to attend and enjoy shows
in an immersive environment. 

By offering a diverse and
comprehensive range of products and experiences, BNC aims to create a vibrant and engaging metaverse platform that appeals to users with
a wide array of interests and preferences. 

Industry Overview and Key Trends 

The metaverse industry is
witnessing rapid growth and expansion, driven by a combination of technological advancements, increased interest in virtual experiences,
and the emergence of digital economies. As the industry continues to evolve, it is important to consider user adoption, growth, and other
factors that contribute to the metaverse landscape. 

25 

User Adoption and Growth 

The growing popularity of
virtual experiences and digital platforms has led to a surge in user adoption and engagement in the metaverse industry. A number of factors
contribute to this growth, including: 

Increased accessibility of virtual reality VR and augmented reality AR technologies, making immersive experiences more affordable and widely available. 

The ongoing digitization of various aspects of
everyday life, from work and education to entertainment and socialization, driving users to seek out new digital experiences. 

The COVID-19 pandemic, which has accelerated
the adoption of digital platforms and virtual experiences as people adapt to remote work, learning, and social distancing measures. 

Integration of Virtual and Physical Worlds 

One of the key trends in the
metaverse industry is the growing integration of virtual and physical worlds, enabling users to seamlessly transition between digital
and real world experiences. This trend is evident in: 

The emergence of virtual marketplaces where users
can trade digital assets and purchase real world goods; 

The incorporation of AR and VR technologies in
retail, entertainment, and other industries, providing immersive, interactive experiences that blur the lines between the digital and
physical realms; and 

The development of virtual environments that
replicate real world locations, allowing users to explore and interact with digital versions of familiar places. 

Virtual Economies and Markets 

The metaverse industry is
witnessing the rise of virtual economies and markets, where users can trade digital assets, such as virtual real estate, digital art,
and unique collectibles. Key factors driving this trend include: 

The increasing acceptance and adoption of cryptocurrencies
and blockchain technology, enabling secure, transparent transactions in digital markets; 

Growing interest in non-fungible tokens NFT s and digital collectibles, which has led to the creation of new marketplaces and trading platforms for these assets; and 

The realization of the potential for virtual
goods to hold and accrue value over time, leading to increased investment and speculation in digital markets. 

Socialization and Community Building in Digital
Spaces 

The importance of socialization
and community building in digital spaces is another significant trend in the metaverse industry. As users spend more time in virtual environments,
platforms are placing a greater emphasis on fostering connections and interactions among users. This trend can be observed in: 

The creation of social hubs, virtual events,
and gatherings designed to bring users together and encourage networking, collaboration, and communication; 

The integration of social media and messaging
features within metaverse platforms, allowing users to stay connected with friends and communities while exploring virtual worlds; and 

The development of user-generated content and
customization tools, empowering users to create unique experiences and contribute to the growth and expansion of the metaverse. 

The metaverse industry is
experiencing rapid growth and transformation, driven by technological advancements, increased user adoption, and the emergence of virtual
economies and markets. As the industry continues to evolve, it will be essential that BNC stay informed of key trends and driving forces
shaping the future of the metaverse landscape, and adapt to those trends as they arise. 

Competition in the Metaverse Industry 

The metaverse industry is
becoming increasingly competitive as more companies and platforms emerge to capitalize on the growing interest in virtual experiences
and digital economies. 

26 

Key Players in the Metaverse Industry 

The metaverse industry features
an eclectic mix of established technology companies, gaming giants, and innovative startups, each bringing unique offerings and perspectives
to the market. Some of the key players in the industry include: 

Meta (formerly Facebook): With its ambitious
plans for the metaverse and significant investments in VR technology, Meta is a major player in the industry. The company s Oculus
platform and Horizon Workrooms are prime examples of its commitment to shaping the future of the metaverse; 

Epic Games: The creator of the popular game Fortnite,
Epic Games has made significant strides in the metaverse space by developing the Unreal Engine, a powerful platform for creating virtual
worlds and experiences; 

Roblox Corporation: Roblox has successfully created
a user-generated content platform that allows millions of players to create, share, and engage in virtual experiences, making it a significant
player in the metaverse landscape; and 

Linden Lab: As the creator of Second Life, one
of the earliest and most successful virtual worlds, Linden Lab has a long history in the metaverse industry and continues to evolve and
expand its offerings. 

Market Segments and Niches 

The metaverse industry can
be broadly divided into several market segments and niches, each catering to different user needs and preferences: 

Gaming-focused metaverse platforms: These platforms,
such as Fortnite and Roblox, primarily cater to gamers and offer a wide range of gaming experiences and social interaction opportunities
within virtual environments; 

VR and AR platforms: Companies like Meta and
Microsoft focus on developing hardware and software solutions to enable immersive VR and AR experiences, driving the adoption of these
technologies in the metaverse; 

Social and community-driven metaverse platforms:
Platforms like Second Life and BNC emphasize socialization, community building, and user-generated content, fostering connections and
collaboration among users; and 

NFT and digital asset marketplaces: These platforms,
such as OpenSea and Decentraland, facilitate the trading of digital assets like virtual real estate, digital art, and unique collectibles,
contributing to the growth of virtual economies. 

Differentiating Factors 

With the increasing competition
in the metaverse industry, it is crucial for platforms to differentiate themselves by offering unique features, experiences, or technologies.
Some potential differentiating factors include: 

Seamless integration of virtual and real world
experiences: Platforms that successfully bridge the gap between the digital and physical realms, allowing users to easily transition between
the two, are likely to stand out in the competitive landscape; 

Innovative and user-friendly technology: Companies
that prioritize cutting-edge technology and deliver a seamless, intuitive user experience will have a competitive edge in the metaverse
market; 

Personalization and customization: Platforms
that empower users to create and customize their own experiences, environments, and avatars are likely to appeal to a broader audience
and foster greater user engagement; and 

Diverse offerings and experiences: Platforms
that cater to a wide range of interests and preferences, such as gaming, shopping, socializing, and trading digital assets, can attract
a more extensive and diverse user base. 

The metaverse industry is
characterized by a competitive landscape with numerous players, market segments, and niches. To succeed in this rapidly evolving market,
companies must continuously innovate and differentiate themselves by offering unique features, experiences, and technologies that cater
to the diverse needs and preferences of users. 

Regulatory Environment: Present and Future
Challenges 

As the metaverse industry
continues to grow and evolve, regulatory challenges and considerations are becoming increasingly important. The unique nature of the metaverse,
which often combines elements of virtual reality, gaming, social networking, and digital economies, presents a complex landscape for regulators
to navigate. 

27 

Present Regulatory Challenges 

The metaverse industry is
currently grappling with several regulatory challenges, including: 

Data Privacy and Security: As users share personal
information and engage in transactions within the metaverse, concerns about data privacy and security are paramount. Regulators must ensure
that platforms adhere to existing data protection regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and
the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA 

Intellectual Property Rights: The metaverse s
reliance on user-generated content and digital assets raises questions about intellectual property rights and the enforcement of copyright,
trademark, and patent laws in virtual environments; 

Taxation and Financial Regulations: The growth
of virtual economies and the increasing popularity of cryptocurrencies and NFT s have raised questions about taxation and financial
regulations. Regulators must determine how to classify and tax digital assets and transactions, as well as ensure compliance with anti-money
laundering and know-your-customer regulations; and 

Content Moderation and Liability: Metaverse platforms
face challenges in moderating content and managing user behavior, raising questions about the platforms liability for user-generated
content and potential violations of existing laws, such as those related to hate speech, harassment, and misinformation. 

Future Regulatory Challenges 

As the metaverse industry
continues to develop and expand, several future regulatory challenges are likely to emerge, including: 

Cross-border jurisdictional issues: With the
metaverse being a global, borderless environment, determining jurisdiction and applying national laws to activities and transactions within
the metaverse will become increasingly complex; 

Virtual reality and augmented reality regulations:
As VR and AR technologies become more integrated into the metaverse, new regulations may be needed to address issues related to safety,
privacy, and ethical considerations in the use of these technologies 

Decentralization and governance: The increasing
trend towards decentralized metaverse platforms raises questions about governance and regulatory oversight, as traditional regulatory
mechanisms may not be applicable or effective in these environments; and 

Ethics and inclusivity: As the metaverse becomes
more intertwined with daily life, ethical considerations related to inclusivity, accessibility, and the potential for digital divides
will become increasingly important for regulators to address. 

Ault Iconic 

Ault
Iconic, formerly known as Ault Media Group is comprised of a diverse team of media professionals with expertise in creating all forms
of media, communications, and content including web development, corporate communications, social media, scripted, and unscripted television.
Our online virtual training courses (via the LightSpeedVT platform) also offer in-depth business learning. Ault Iconic s specialized
team of producers brings years of university-proven training methods and a history of developing educational materials up to a master s
degree level. Ault Iconic s first course, relating to initial public offerings, is currently in the final stages of production,
with more courses soon to follow. 

Along
with training and communications strategies, Ault Iconic also offers comprehensive consulting for the development and execution of large
and small scale conferences and event planning. From event space acquisition to digital ticketing, keynote speakers, lighting, stage crews,
and advertising media buys, Ault Iconic will provide the necessary contacts and guidance to assure a successful and smooth-running event. 

AGREE 

AGREE seeks to invest in various
classes of commercial and residential real estate including hospitality, multifamily, and industrial properties targeting the middle market
segment in locations demonstrating relative value. AGREE s objective is to generate risk adjusted returns through development, capital
investment and operational improvement, leveraging the management team s expertise and well-established relationships with real
estate investment professionals, brokers, lenders and developers. The focus will be in U.S. tertiary markets with growing populations,
income growth and access to highly populated metropolitan areas as primary demand drivers. AGREE is one of BitNile s strategies
to invest in inflation-resistant undervalued assets and realize capital appreciation through cap rate compression over time. AGREE owns
and operates both Third Avenue Apartments and AGREE Madison. 

28 

Circle 8 

On
December 19, 2022, Circle 8 closed on the asset purchase agreement with Circle 8 Crane Services pursuant to which Circle 8 agreed to purchase
substantially all of the assets and assume certain specified liabilities of Circle 8 Crane Services. Circle 8 Crane Services was
a crane rental and lifting solutions provider founded in 2007 and headquartered in Corpus Christi, TX with multiple locations throughout
the South-Central region of the U.S. It maintains a large modern fleet of mobile cranes for its customers heavy lifting needs.
Specifically, Circle 8 provides crane operators, engineering, custom rigging and transportation services for oilfield, construction, commercial
and infrastructure markets. Circle 8 maintains an industry leading safety record. 

Our
Strategy 

Our business strategy is designed
to increase shareholder value. Under this strategy, we are focused on managing and financially supporting our existing subsidiaries and
partner companies, with the goal of pursuing monetization opportunities and maximizing the value returned to shareholders. We have, are
and will consider initiatives including, among others: public offerings, the sale of individual partner companies, the sale of certain
or all partner company interests in secondary market transactions, or a combination thereof, as well as other opportunities to maximize
shareholder value, such as activist trading. We anticipate returning value to shareholders after satisfying our debt obligations and working
capital needs. 

Our Executive Committee approves
and manages our investment strategy. Upon making an investment, we often become actively involved in the companies we seek to acquire.
That activity may involve a broad range of approaches, from influencing the management of a target to take steps to improve stockholder
value, to acquiring a controlling or sizable but non-controlling interest or outright ownership of the target company in order to implement
changes that we believe are required to improve its business, and then operating and expanding that business. 

From time to time, we engage
in discussions with other companies interested in our subsidiaries or partner companies, either in response to inquiries or as part of
a process we initiate. To the extent we believe that a subsidiary partner company s further growth and development can best be supported
by a different ownership structure or if we otherwise believe it is in our shareholders best interests, we will seek to sell some
or all of our position in the subsidiary or partner company. These sales may take the form of privately negotiated sales of stock or assets,
mergers and acquisitions, public offerings of the subsidiary or partner company s securities and, in the case of publicly traded
partner companies, transactions in their securities in the open market. Our plans may include taking subsidiaries or partner companies
public through rights offerings and directed share subscription programs. We will continue to consider these and functionally equivalent
programs and the sale of certain subsidiary or partner company interests in secondary market transactions to maximize value for our shareholders. 

Management Strategy 

Our
 management strategy involves the proactive financial and operational management of the businesses we own in order to increase
cash flows and stockholder value. Ault Alliance actively oversees and supports the management teams of each of our businesses by, among
other things: 

recruiting and retaining talented managers to operate our businesses using structured incentive compensation
programs, including non-controlling equity ownership, tailored to each business; 

regularly monitoring financial and operational performance, instilling consistent financial discipline,
and supporting management in the development and implementation of information systems to effectively achieve these goals; 

identifying and aligning with external policy and performance tailwinds such as those influenced by growing
climate, health, and social justice concerns (and similar environmental, social and governance ESG drivers); 

assisting management in their analysis and pursuit of prudent organic growth strategies; 

identifying and working with management to execute attractive external growth and acquisition opportunities; 

assisting management in controlling and right-sizing overhead costs; 

nurturing an internal culture of transparency, alignment, accountability and governance, including regular
reporting; 

professionalizing our subsidiaries at scale; and 

forming strong subsidiary level boards of directors to supplement management in their development and
implementation of strategic goals and objectives. 

29 

Specifically,
while our businesses have different growth opportunities and potential rates of growth, we expect Ault Alliance to work with the management
teams of each of our businesses to increase the value of, and cash generated by, each business through various initiatives, including: 

making selective capital investments to expand geographic reach, increase capacity, or reduce manufacturing
costs of our businesses; 

investing in product research and development for new products, processes or services for customers; 

improving and expanding existing sales and marketing programs; 

pursuing reductions in operating costs through improved operational efficiency or outsourcing of certain
processes and products; and 

consolidating or improving management of certain overhead functions. 

Our
businesses typically acquire and integrate complementary businesses. We believe that complementary add-on acquisitions improve our overall
financial and operational performance by allowing us to: 

leverage manufacturing and distribution operations; 

leverage branding and marketing programs, as well as customer relationships; 

add experienced management or management expertise; 

increase market share and penetrate new markets; and 

realize cost synergies by allocating the corporate overhead expenses of our businesses across a larger
number of businesses and by implementing and coordinating improved management practices. 

Acquisition Strategy 

Our
acquisition strategy is to acquire businesses that we believe to be to undervalued and have disruptive technologies with a global impact
that we expect to produce stable and growing earnings and cash flow. In this respect, we expect to make acquisitions in industries other
than those in which our businesses currently operate if we believe an acquisition presents an attractive opportunity. We believe that
attractive opportunities will continue to present themselves, as private sector owners seek to monetize their interests in long-standing
and privately held businesses and large corporate parents seek to dispose of their non-core operations. 

Our
ideal acquisition candidate has the following characteristics: 

is a leading branded consumer or niche industrial company headquartered in North America; 

maintains highly defensible position in the markets it serves and with customers; 

operates in an industry with favorable long-term macroeconomic trends; 

has a strong management team, either currently in place or previously identified, and meaningful incentives; 

has low technological and/or product obsolescence risk; and 

maintains a diversified customer and supplier base. 

We
benefit from Ault Alliance s ability to identify potential diverse acquisition opportunities in a variety of industries. In addition,
we rely upon our Executive Committee and other members of our management team s experience and expertise in researching and valuing
prospective target businesses, as well as negotiating the ultimate acquisition of such target businesses. In particular, because there
may be a lack of information available about these target businesses, which may make it more difficult to understand or appropriately
value such target businesses, Ault Alliance: 

engages in a substantial level of internal and third-party due diligence; 

critically evaluates the target management team; 

identifies and assesses any financial and operational strengths and weaknesses of the target business; 

analyzes comparable businesses to assess financial and operational performances relative to industry competitors; 

actively researches and evaluates information on the relevant industry; and 

thoroughly negotiates appropriate terms and conditions of any acquisition. 

30 

The
process of acquiring new businesses is both time-consuming and complex. Our management team historically has taken from two to
six months to perform due diligence, negotiate and close acquisitions. Although our management team is at various stages of evaluating
several transactions at any given time, there may be periods of time during which our management team does not recommend any new acquisitions.
Even if an acquisition is recommended by our management team, our Board may not approve it. 

A
component of our acquisition financing strategy that we utilize in acquiring the businesses we own and manage is to provide both equity
capital and debt capital. We believe, and it has been our experience, that having the ability to finance our acquisitions with capital
resources raised by us, rather than negotiating separate third-party financing, provides us with an advantage in successfully acquiring
attractive businesses by minimizing delay and closing conditions that are often related to acquisition-specific financings. In addition,
our strategy of providing this intercompany debt financing within the capital structure of the businesses we acquire and manage allows
us the ability to distribute cash to the parent company through monthly interest payments and amortization of principle on these intercompany
loans. 

Upon
acquisition of a new business, we rely on our management team s experience and expertise to work efficiently and effectively with
the management of the new business to jointly develop and execute a successful business plan. 

Strategic Advantages 

Based
on the experience of our management team and its ability to identify and negotiate acquisitions, we believe we are well-positioned to
acquire additional businesses. Our management team has strong relationships with business brokers, investment and commercial bankers,
accountants, attorneys and other potential sources of acquisition opportunities. In addition, our management team has a successful track
record of acquiring and managing businesses in various industries. In negotiating these acquisitions, we believe our management team has
been able to successfully navigate complex situations surrounding acquisitions, including corporate spin-offs, transitions of family-owned
businesses, management buy-outs and reorganizations. 

Our management team has a
large ne twork of deal interme diaries whom we expect to expose us to potential acquisitions.
Through this network, as well as our management team s proprietary transaction sourcing efforts, we have a substantial pipeline
of potential acquisition targets. Our management team also has a well-established network of contacts, including professional managers,
attorneys, accountants and other third-party consultants and advisors, who may be available to assist us in the performance of due diligence
and the negotiation of acquisitions, as well as the management and operation of our acquired businesses. 

Valuation and Due Diligence 

When
evaluating businesses or assets for acquisition, our management team performs rigorous due diligence and a financial evaluations process
including an evaluation of the operations of the target business and the outlook for its industry. While valuation of a business is a
subjective process, we define valuations under a variety of analyses, including: 

discounted cash flow analyses; 

evaluation of trading values of comparable companies; 

expected value matrices; and 

examination of comparable recent transactions. 

One
outcome of this process is a projection of the expected cash flows from the target business. A further outcome is an understanding of
the types and levels of risk associated with those projections. While future performance and projections are always uncertain, we believe
that with detailed due diligence, future cash flows will be better estimated and the prospects for operating the business in the future
better evaluated. To assist us in identifying material risks and validating key assumptions in our financial and operational analysis,
in addition to our own analysis, we engage, as necessary, third-party experts to review key risk areas, including legal, tax, regulatory,
accounting, insurance and environmental. We also engage technical, operational or industry consultants, as necessary. 

A further critical component of the evaluation
of potential target businesses is the assessment of the capability of the existing management team, including recent performance, expertise,
experience, culture and incentives to perform. Where necessary, and consistent with our management strategy, we actively seek to augment,
supplement or replace existing members of management who we believe are not likely to execute our business plan for the target business.
Similarly, we analyze and evaluate the financial and operational information systems of target businesses and, where necessary, we enhance
and improve those existing systems that are deemed to be inadequate or insufficient to support our business plan for the target business. 

31 

Financing 

We
incur third party debt financing almost entirely at the parent company level, which we use, in combination with our equity capital, to
provide debt financing to each of our businesses and to acquire additional businesses. We believe this financing structure is beneficial
to the financial and operational activities of each of our businesses by aligning our interests as both equity holders of, and lenders
to, our businesses, in a manner that we believe is more efficient than each of our businesses borrowing from third-party lenders. 

Compliance with Material Government (Including
Environmental) Regulations 

ACS 

ACS is subject to various
federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and remediation of hazardous substances and
wastes. ACS continually assesses compliance status and management of environmental matters to ensure our operations are in compliance
with all applicable environmental laws and regulations. Investigation, remediation, and operation and maintenance costs associated with
environmental compliance and management of sites are a normal, recurring part of operations. While ACS s regulatory compliance costs
are currently not considered material, it is reasonably possible that costs incurred to ensure continued environmental compliance could
have a material impact on results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if new areas of soil, air and groundwater contamination
are discovered and/or expansions of work scope are prompted by the results of ongoing monitoring. 

The Facility is subject to
a final corrective measures plan with the Environment Protection Agency. The seller performed remedial activities at the Facility relating
to historical soil and groundwater contamination and ACS is responsible for ongoing monitoring and final remediation plans. We estimate
cost of the environmental remediation obligation is approximately 0.4 million and reflects our best estimate of probable future costs
for remediation based on the current assessment data and regulatory obligations. Future costs will depend on many factors, including the
extent of work necessary to implement monitoring and final remediation plans and ACS s time frame for remediation. We may incur
actual costs in the future that are materially different than this estimate and such costs could have a material impact on results of
operations, financial condition, and cash flows during the period in which they are recorded. 

TurnOnGreen 

TurnOnGreen s businesses
are heavily regulated in most of its markets. TurnOnGreen handles power electronics products mainly in the form of power conversion. TurnOnGreen
must take into account several standards for electronic safety to protect the health of humans and animals. TurnOnGreen serves diverse
markets including automotive, defense/aerospace, medical/healthcare, industrial and telecommunications, each of which has its own set
of their safety regulations and standard that TurnOnGreen must comply with. 

Government Contracts .
The U.S. Government, and other governments, may terminate any of TurnOnGreen s government contracts at their convenience, as well
as for default based on our failure to meet specified performance requirements. If any of TurnOnGreen s U.S. Government contracts
were to be terminated for convenience, TurnOnGreen would generally be entitled to receive payment for work completed and allowable termination
or cancellation costs. If any of TurnOnGreen s government contracts were to be terminated for default, generally the U.S. Government
would pay only for the work that has been accepted and could require TurnOnGreen to pay the difference between the original contract price
and the cost to re-procure the contract items, net of the work accepted from the original contract. The U.S. Government can also hold
TurnOnGreen liable for damages resulting from the default. 

Medical device power supplies .
TurnOnGreen s medical power supplies must incorporate one or more means of protection MOP to avoid electrocution.
A MOP can be safety insulation, a protective earth, a defined creepage distance, an air gap (clearance) or other protective impedance.
These can be used in various combinations - having two MOPs means if one fails, there is another in place. A MOP can be achieved through
safety insulation, protective earth, a defined creepage distance, an air gap, other protective impedances, or by implementing a combination
of these techniques. TurnOnGreen must comply with a standard that treats operators and patients, resulting in the classifications means
of operator protection and means of patient protection. The latter requirements are more stringent because the patient
may be physically connected via an applied part and unconscious when the fault occurs. 

Environmental . TurnOnGreen
is subject to various federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including the discharge,
treatment, storage, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and wastes. TurnOnGreen continually assesses its compliance status
and management of environmental matters to ensure that its operations are in compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations.
Investigation, remediation, and operation and maintenance costs associated with environmental compliance and management of sites are a
normal, recurring part of TurnOnGreen s operations. 

32 

Non-U.S. Sales . TurnOnGreen s
non-U.S. sales are subject to both U.S. and non-U.S. governmental regulations and procurement policies and practices, including regulations
relating to import-export control, tariffs, investment, exchange controls, anti-corruption, and repatriation of earnings. Non-U.S. sales
are also subject to varying currency, political and economic risks. 

GIGA 

GIGA s businesses are
heavily regulated in most of its markets. GIGA transacts with numerous U.S. Government agencies and entities, including but not limited
to the U.S. Department of Defense DoD ), branches of the U.S. military and the Department of Homeland Security. Similar
government authorities exercise similar regulatory oversight in GIGA s non-U.S. markets. 

Government Contracts .
The governments of the U.S., U.K. and Israel may terminate any of GIGA s applicable operating subsidiaries government contracts
at their convenience, as well as for default based on our failure to meet specified performance requirements. If the U.S. Government terminated
any of GIGA s contracts for convenience, GIGA generally would be entitled to receive payment for work completed and allowable termination
or cancellation costs. If any of GIGA s government contracts were to be terminated for default, generally the U.S. government would
pay only for the work that has been accepted and could require GIGA to pay the difference between the original contract price and the
cost to re-procure the contract items, net of the work accepted from the original contract. The U.S. Government can also hold GIGA liable
for damages resulting from the default. Similar provisions apply to GIGA s contracts with other governments and to GIGA s
subcontractors with major defense contractors who provide systems or military platforms directly to the government. 

Power Electronics .
In all of GIGA s markets in the U.S., GIGA s commercial power electronics offerings must comply with safety, energy use and
operational performance regulations and standards (IEC/EN/UL/CSA) issued and administered by international standards organizations. In
the U.S., the Department of Energy, the Environmental Protection Agency and the Federal Communications Commission mandate and enforce
compliance with these standards. Outside the U.S., various government agencies in the U.K., Europe and Israel mandate and enforce compliance
with these international requirements for safety, energy use and operational performance. In commercial markets, GIGA s suppliers
bear most of the expense of compliance with international standards as a standard cost of business. Given the universal application of
these requirements, the costs of compliance do not create any competitive disadvantage because all competitors must comply to sell into
the market. 

Environmental . GIGA
must meet applicable regulatory, environmental, emissions, safety and other requirements where its customer specifies, or as applicable
local regulations or laws require. The products that GIGA markets and sells in Europe also may be subject to the 2003 European Directive
on Restriction of Hazardous Substances RoHS ), which restricts the use of six hazardous materials in the manufacture of
certain electronic and electrical equipment, as well as the 2002 European Directive on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment WEEE ),
which determines collection, recycling and recovery goals for electrical goods. In July 2006, GIGA s industry began phasing in RoHS
and WEEE requirements in most geographical markets with specific emphasis on consumer-based products. GIGA believes that RoHS and WEEE-compliant
components may be subject to longer lead-times and higher prices as the industry transitions to these new requirements. REACH (Registration,
Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals Registration) is a European Union regulation dating from 18 December 2006. REACH
addresses the production and use of chemical substances, and their potential impacts on both human health and the environment. 

These regulatory mandates
apply to all of GIGA s operating subsidiaries. GIGA has structured operations to comply with these requirements and have experienced
little to no impact on lead times or prices. Give the applicability of these requirements to all competitors alike, compliance has had
no impact on the competitive position of any operating subsidiary. 

Non-U.S. Sales . GIGA s
non-U.S. sales are subject to both U.S. and non-U.S. governmental regulations and procurement policies and practices, including regulations
relating to import-export control, tariffs, investment, exchange controls, anti-corruption, and repatriation of earnings. Non-U.S. sales
are also subject to varying currency, political and economic risks. 

Security Clearance 

As a U.S. Government contractor
working on classified projects, Microphase is required to maintain facility and personnel security clearances complying with the DoD and
other federal agency requirements. Microphase maintains strict protocols for handling classified information and Confidential Unclassified
Information CUI associated with its work for the DoD and has built a secure restricted area within its Shelton production
facility certified for generating, storing and reviewing classified information. 

33 

Gresham Power works on many
contracts classified as Official Sensitive that require individual security clearances and adherence to information security
protocols for receiving, handling and storing confidential information as required in the U.K. Official Secrets Act and its implementing
regulations. 

Enertec complies with all
information security requirements included in their customer contracts as well as all the confidentiality laws that the State of Israel
mandates for work related to defense of the country. 

Audits and Investigations 

As a government contractor,
we are subject to audits and investigations by U.S. Government agencies including the Defense Contract Audit Agency (the DCAA ),
the Defense Contract Management Agency (the DCMA ), the Inspector General of the DoD and other departments and agencies,
the Government Accountability Office, the DOJ and Congressional Committees. From time-to-time, these and other agencies investigate or
conduct audits to determine whether a contractor s operations are being conducted in accordance with applicable requirements. The
DCAA and DCMA also review the adequacy of, and compliance with, a contractor s internal control systems and policies, including
the contractor s accounting, purchasing, property, estimating, earned value management and material management accounting systems.
Our final allowable incurred costs for each year are also subject to audit and have from time to time resulted in disputes between us
and the U.S. Government. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed or must be refunded
if already reimbursed. If an audit or investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties
and administrative sanctions, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension
or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. Government. 

Enertec conducts operations
under constant supervision of the Ministry of Defense of Israel and the contractors through which the Ministry of Defense does most of
its business. All its contracts are subject to audits of performance, quality and price reasonableness. 

Gresham Power contracts with
the U.K. Ministry of Defence, Royal Navy or major defense contractors serving those agencies include standard provisions which give the
customer the right to audit our performance under those contracts when they see fit. Audits are part of doing business with the government
and typically focus on deliveries on time project milestones as well as quality. The Royal Navy will review Gresham Power pricing
of services provided under support contract every 12 months for reasonableness. 

The Defense Federal Acquisition
Regulation, as implemented in standard contract clauses, mandates that Microphase establish and follow extensive detailed processes and
protocols to protect classified information and CUI from disclosure and unauthorized access. That mandate includes a requirement that
Microphase formulate and implement a system security plan with 110 different elements and protocols for handling and protecting classified
information and CUI. Over the next three years, the DoD will require all participants in the defense supply chain to demonstrate compliance
with the Capability Model Maturity Cybersecurity as verified through an independent third-party auditor. Compliance with these mandates
requires and will require Microphase to invest significant resources to maintain compliance. For instance, compliance requires extensive
security controls on access to Microphase information technology systems, strong firewalls and intrusion monitoring. Microphase will have
to hire a full-time person to ensure information security and act as a Facility Security Officer as well as oversee security of all Microphase
employees. These investments add to indirect cost pools that Microphase must recover in the price of its products for DoD and contractors. 

Gresham Power Electronics
Ltd is fully certified as Cyber Essentials Plus Compliant. Cyber Essentials Plus is a government-backed, industry-supported
scheme to help organizations protect themselves against common online threats. The UK Government requires all suppliers bidding for contracts
involving the handling of sensitive and personal information to be certified against the Cyber Essentials Plus program criteria. 

Enertec has implemented the
strongest possible cyber security protections consistent with the resources available to a company its size. 

Other Compliance Matters 

In addition, we are subject
to the local, state and national laws and regulations of the jurisdictions where we operate that affect companies generally, including
laws and regulations governing commerce, intellectual property, trade, health and safety, contracts, privacy and communications, consumer
protection, web services, tax, and corporate laws and securities laws. These regulations and laws may change over time. Unfavorable changes
in existing and new laws and regulations could increase our cost of doing business and impede our growth. 

34 

Research and Development 

During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we spent approximately 2.8 million and 2.0 million, respectively, on research and development. 

Human Capital Resources 

We are committed to attracting
and retaining the brightest and best talent, so investing in human capital is critical to our success. The employee traits we value include
industriousness, intellectual curiosity, growth mindset and deeply caring about the quality of work. The human capital measures and objectives
that we focus on in managing our business include employee safety, talent acquisition and retention, employee engagement, development
and training, diversity and inclusion, and compensation and pay equity. None of our employees is represented by a collective bargaining
unit or is a party to a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that our relationship with our employees is good. 

The following description
provides an overall view of our Company. Since we are a holding company, however, every statement may not be applicable to every subsidiary,
particularly since some are located in foreign countries and others operate in industries deemed essential by the DoD and therefore remained
at work during the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Employee Profile 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had 615 employees located in the U.S., the U.K. and Israel, of whom 83 were engaged in engineering and product development, 46 in sales
and marketing, 386 in general operations and 100 in general administration and finance. All but 17 of these employees are employed on
a full-time basis. None of our employees is currently represented by a trade union. We consider our relations with our employees to be
good. 

As of December 31, 2021, approximately
33 of our current workforce is female, 67 male, and our average tenure is 7.7 years, an increase of 24 from an average tenure
of 6.2 years as of December 31, 2020. 

Talent 

A core tenet of our talent
system is to both develop talent from within and supplement with external hires. This approach has yielded loyalty and commitment in our
employee base which in turn grows our business, our products, and our customers, while adding new employees and external ideas supports
a continuous improvement mindset and our goals of a diverse and inclusive workforce. We believe that our average tenure of 7.7 years as
of the end of the fiscal year 2022 reflects the engagement of our employees in this core talent system tenet. 

The Company believes it materially
complies with all applicable state, local and international laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which
the Company operates. All applicants and employees are treated with the same high level of respect regardless of their gender, ethnicity,
religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran
status. 

Employee Engagement and Development 

Our employee engagement efforts
include our frequent and transparent all-hands meetings and executive communications, through which we aim to keep our employees
well-informed and to increase transparency. We believe in continual improvement and use employee feedback to drive and improve processes
that support our customers and ensure a deep understanding of our employees' needs. We plan to conduct annual confidential employee surveys
as we believe that ongoing performance feedback encourages greater engagement in our business and improves individual performance. Our
employees will participate in a 360-degree evaluation process to identify critical capabilities for development and establish new stretch
goals. 

35 

Pay Equity 

Our employee compensation
strategy supports three primary objectives: attract and retain the best team members; reflect and reinforce our most important values;
and align team member interests with stockholder interests in building enduring value. We believe people should be paid for what they
do and how they do it, regardless of their gender, race or other personal characteristics. To deliver on that commitment, we benchmark
and set pay ranges based on market data and consider factors such as an employee s role and experience, the location of their job,
and their performance. We also regularly review our compensation practices, both in terms of our overall workforce and individual employees,
to ensure our pay is fair and equitable. 

Total Rewards 

As part of our compensation
philosophy, we believe that we must offer and maintain market competitive total rewards programs for our employees in order to attract
and retain superior talent. In addition to healthy base wages, additional programs include annual bonus opportunities, healthcare and
insurance benefits, paid time off, family leave, family care resources and flexible work schedules. We established a Company matched 401(k)
plan during 2021 and plan to establish a Company-wide augmented employee stock purchase plan in 2022. 

Health and Safety 

The success of our business
is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our employees.
We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of flexible and convenient health and welfare programs, including
benefits that support their physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health
status; and that offer choice where possible so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs and the needs of their families.
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant operating environment changes that we determined were in the best interest
of our employees, as well as the communities in which we operate, and which comply with government regulations. This includes having a
significant portion of our employees work from home, while implementing additional safety measures for employees continuing critical on-site
work. 

36 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our common
stock involves significant risks. You should carefully consider the following risks and all other information set forth in this Annual
Report before deciding to invest in our common stock. If any of the events or developments described below occurs, our business, financial
condition and results of operations may suffer. In that case, the value of our common stock may decline and you could lose all or part
of your investment. 

You should consider each of
the following risk factors and any other information set forth in this Annual Report and the other reports filed by the Company with the
SEC, including the Company s financial statements and related notes, in evaluating the Company s business and prospects. The
risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that impact on the Company s operations and business. Additional risks
and uncertainties not presently known to the Company, or that the Company currently considers immaterial, may also impair its business
or operations. If any of the following risks actually occurs, the Company s business and financial condition, results or prospects
could be harmed. Please also read carefully the section entitled Note About Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning
of this Annual Report. 

Risks Related to Our Company 

We will need to raise additional capital to
fund our operations in furtherance of our business plan. 

Until
we are profitable, we will need to quickly raise additional capital in order to fund our operations in furtherance of our business plan.
The proposed financing may include shares of common stock, shares of preferred stock, warrants to purchase shares of common stock or preferred
stock, debt securities, units consisting of the foregoing securities, equity investments from strategic development partners or some combination
of each. Any additional equity financings may be financially dilutive to, and will be dilutive from an ownership perspective to, our stockholders,
and such dilution may be significant based upon the size of such financing. Additionally, we cannot assure that such funding will be available
on a timely basis, in needed quantities, or on terms favorable to us, if at all. 

We have an evolving business model, which increases the complexity
of our business. 

Our business model has evolved
in the past and continues to do so. In prior years we have added additional types of services and product offerings and in some cases,
we have modified or discontinued those offerings. We intend to continue to try to offer additional types of products or services, and
we do not know whether any of them will be successful. From time to time we have also modified aspects of our business model relating
to our product mix. We do not know whether these or any other modifications will be successful. The additions and modifications to our
business have increased the complexity of our business and placed significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems,
technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. Future additions to or modifications
of our business are likely to have similar effects. Further, any new business or website we launch that is not favorably received by the
market could damage our reputation or our brand. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We received a subpoena from the Commission
in the investigation now known as In the Matter of DPW Holdings, Inc . , the consequences of which are unknown. 

We received a subpoena in
November of 2019 from the Commission that stated that the staff of the Commission is conducting an investigation now known as In
the Matter of DPW Holdings, Inc. We understand that the subpoena was issued as part of an investigation as to whether we and
certain of our officers, directors, employees, partners, subsidiaries and/or affiliates, and/or other persons or entities, directly or
indirectly, violated certain provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, in connection with the offer and sale of our securities.
Certain affiliates and related parties of ours have also been subpoenaed. Although the order states that the Commission may have information
relating to such alleged violations, the subpoena expressly provides that the inquiry is not to be construed as an indication by the Commission
or its staff that any violations of the federal securities laws have occurred. We have produced documents in response to the subpoena.
Since the original subpoena was issued, we have received further subpoenas seeking additional documents and testimony from certain members
of our management team. 

We do not know when the Commission s
investigation will be concluded or what action, if any, might be taken in the future by the Commission or its staff as a result of the
matters that are the subject to its investigation or what impact, if any, the cost of continuing to respond to subpoenas might have on
our financial position or results of operations. We have not established any provision for losses in respect of this matter. In addition,
complying with any such future requests by the Commission for documents or testimony would distract the time and attention of our officers
and directors or divert our resources away from ongoing business matters. This investigation has resulted in, and may continue to result
in, significant legal expenses, the diversion of management s attention from our business, could cause damage to our business and
reputation, and could subject us to a wide range of remedies, including enforcement actions by the Commission. There can be no assurance
that any final resolution of this or any similar matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results
of operations. 

37 

We are heavily dependent on our senior management,
and a loss of a member of our senior management team could cause our stock price to suffer . 

If we lose the services of
Milton C. Ault, III, our Executive Chairman, William B. Horne, our Chief Executive Officer, Henry Nisser, our President and General Counsel,
or Ken Cragun, our Chief Financial Officer and/or certain key employees, we may not be able to find appropriate replacements on a timely
basis, and our business could be adversely affected. Our existing operations and continued future development depend to a significant
extent upon the performance and active participation of these individuals and certain key employees. Although we have entered into employment
agreements with Messrs. Ault, Horne and Nisser, and we may enter into employment agreements with additional key employees in the future,
we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in retaining the services of these individuals. If we were to lose any of these individuals,
we may not be able to find appropriate replacements on a timely basis and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected. 

We rely on highly skilled personnel and the
continuing efforts of our executive officers and, if we are unable to retain, motivate or hire qualified personnel, our business may be
severely disrupted. 

Our performance largely depends
on the talents, knowledge, skills, know-how and efforts of highly skilled individuals and in particular, the expertise held by our Executive
Chairman, Milton C. Ault, III. His absence, were it to occur, would materially and adversely impact development and implementation of
our projects and businesses. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly
skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract, among
others, new technology developers and to retain and motivate our existing contractors. If one or more of our executive officers are unable
or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them readily, if at all. Therefore, our business may
be severely disrupted, and we may incur additional expenses to recruit and retain new officers. In addition, if any of our executives
joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose some customers. 

We may be classified as an inadvertent investment company. 

We are not engaged in the business of investing,
reinvesting, or trading in securities, and we do not hold ourselves out as being engaged in those activities. Under the Investment Company
Act, however, a company may be deemed an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act if the value of its
investment securities is more than 40 of its total assets (exclusive of government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis.
Further, per the Investment Company Act of 1940 companies who are not making, and do not propose to make, a public offering of its securities
and whose outstanding securities (other than short-term paper) are beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons are excluded from the
definition of an investment company. 

Our lending subsidiary, Ault
Lending, operates under California Finance Lending License #60DBO-77905 and is regulated by the California Department of Financial Protection
and Innovation as a finance lender. Substantially all of Ault Lending s business consists of providing funding to smaller businesses
through making small loans and, in some cases, investments. Ault Lending offers a variety of loan types including commercial loans, convertible
notes and revolving lines of credit. Ault Lending is engaged in providing commercial loans to smaller companies throughout the United
States to provide them with operating capital to finance the growth of their businesses. The loans are primarily short-term, ranging from
six to 12 months (but may be longer in duration), and are generally in an amount of not more than 4.0 million. We believe Ault Lending
qualifies for the exemption from being an investment company pursuant to Section 3(c)(4) of the Investment Company Act.
Under this exemption, any person substantially all of whose business is confined to making small loans, industrial banking, or
similar businesses is not an investment company. We believe that Ault Lending is subject to this exemption from registration under
the Investment Company Act because it is in the business of making small loans. Additionally, by being licensed and regulated under California s
financing laws, Ault Lending s business will not be in need of safeguards of the sort that the Investment Company Act imposes on
the operations and investment policies of investment companies. 

We have commenced digital
asset mining, the output of which is Bitcoin, which the SEC has not indicated it deems a security. In the event that securities we hold,
including any digital assets that may in the future be deemed securities, exceed 40 of our total assets, exclusive of cash, we would
inadvertently become an investment company. An inadvertent investment company can avoid being classified as an investment company if it
can rely on one of the exclusions under the Investment Company Act. One such exclusion, Rule 3a-2 under the Investment Company Act, allows
an inadvertent investment company a grace period of one year from the earlier of (a) the date on which an issuer owns securities and/or
cash having a value exceeding 50 of the issuer s total assets on either a consolidated or unconsolidated basis and (b) the date
on which an issuer owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of such issuer s
total assets (exclusive of government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We are putting in place policies that we
expect will work to keep the investment securities held by us at less than 40 of our total assets, which may include acquiring assets
with our cash, liquidating our investment securities or seeking a no-action letter from the SEC if we are unable to acquire sufficient
assets or liquidate sufficient investment securities in a timely manner. 

38 

As Rule 3a-2 is available
to a company no more than once every three years, and assuming no other exclusion were available to us, we would have to keep within the
40 limit for at least three years after we cease being an inadvertent investment company. This may limit our ability to make certain
investments or enter into joint ventures that could otherwise have a positive impact on our earnings. In any event, we do not intend to
become an investment company engaged in the business of investing and trading securities. 

Classification as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act requires registration with the SEC. If an investment company fails to register, it would have
to stop doing almost all business, and its contracts would become voidable. Registration is time consuming and restrictive and would require
a restructuring of our operations, and we would be very constrained in the kind of business we could do as a registered investment company.
Further, we would become subject to substantial regulation concerning management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons and
portfolio composition, and would need to file reports under the Investment Company Act regime. The cost of such compliance would result
in our incurring substantial additional expenses, and the failure to register if required would have a materially adverse impact to conduct
our operations. 

We will not be able to successfully execute
our business strategy if we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

U.S. companies that (i) are,
or hold themselves out as being, engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities (Section 3(a)(1)(A)),
(ii) are engaged or propose to engage in the business of issuing face-amount certificates of the installment type (or have been engaged
in such business and have any such certificate outstanding) (Section 3(a)(1)(B)) or (iii) are engaged or propose to engage in the business
of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading securities, and own or propose to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding
40 percent of the value of the company s total assets (exclusive of Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis
(Section 3(a)(1)(C)) are subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, unless the company is able to satisfy an exemption from
the definition of investment company in either Section 3(b) or 3(c) of the Investment Company Act (or the rules adopted
thereunder) or is otherwise not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

To qualify for a Section 3(b)(1)
exemption from the Act, a company must demonstrate that it is primarily engaged in a business other than investing or trading in securities.
To make such a determination, the SEC and the courts have analyzed five factors: (1) a company s historical development; (2) its
public representations of policy; (3) the activities of its officers and directors; (4) the nature of its present assets; and (5) the
source of its present income. 

Generally, if a company has
historically been engaged in an operating business, if the vast majority of its officers, directors and employees are engaged in that
operating business, if less than 45 of its assets are comprised of securities, and if less than 45 of the company s income is
generated by investments in securities, the company may qualify for an exemption from the Act, notwithstanding an investment in securities
which exceeds 40 of the company s assets. Section 3(a)(1) of the Act defines an investment company as a company which either is
or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading
in securities. The SEC and the courts have applied the same five factor analysis under Section 3(a)(1), which they have used in determining
the availability of a Section 3(b)(1) exemption. 

In applying the tests under
Section 3(a)(1) and (3) of the Act to our company, we believe it is clear that we are primarily engaged in businesses other than investing
in securities and a substantial part of our assets consists of, and a substantial part of our income is derived from, interests in wholly
owned and majority-owned subsidiaries and companies that we primarily control. Further, because Bitcoin is not deemed to be a security,
we do not fall under the 40 investment securities test in Section 3(a)(1)(C) for purposes of the Investment Company Act. 

39 

Regardless, if Bitcoin and
other virtual currencies were to be deemed securities for purposes of the Investment Company Act, or if we were to own minority positions
in or otherwise not operate one or more of our subsidiaries, we would have difficulty avoiding classification and regulation as an investment
company. As such, we would be forced to comply with substantive requirements under the Act, including limitations on our ability to borrow,
limitations on our capital structure; restrictions on acquisitions of interests in associated companies, prohibitions on transactions
with affiliates, restrictions on specific investments, and compliance with reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy disclosure and other
rules and regulations. If we were forced to comply with the rules and regulations of the Investment Company Act, our operations
would significantly change, and we would be prevented from successfully executing our business strategy. To avoid regulation under
the Investment Company Act and related rules promulgated by the Commission, we would need to sell Bitcoin and other assets which we would
otherwise want to retain and could be unable to sell assets which we would otherwise want to sell. In addition, we could be forced
to acquire additional, or retain existing, income-generating or loss-generating assets which we would not otherwise have acquired or retained
and could need to forgo opportunities to acquire Bitcoin and other assets that would benefit our business. If we were forced to
sell, buy or retain assets in this manner, we could be prevented from successfully executing our business strategy. 

Securitization of our assets subjects us to various risks . 

We may securitize assets to
generate cash for funding new investments. We refer to the term securitize to describe a form of leverage under which a company (sometimes
referred to as an originator or sponsor transfers income producing assets to a single-purpose, bankruptcy-remote
subsidiary (also referred to as a special purpose entity or SPE ), which is established solely for the purpose
of holding such assets and entering into a structured finance transaction. The SPE would then issue notes secured by such assets. The
special purpose entity may issue the notes in the capital markets either publicly or privately to a variety of investors, including banks,
non-bank financial institutions and other investors. There may be a single class of notes or multiple classes of notes, the most senior
of which carries less credit risk and the most junior of which may carry substantially the same credit risk as the equity of the SPE. 

An important aspect of most
debt securitization transactions is that the sale and/or contribution of assets into the SPE be considered a true sale and/or contribution
for accounting purposes and that a reviewing court would not consolidate the SPE with the operations of the originator in the event of
the originator's bankruptcy based on equitable principles. Viewed as a whole, a debt securitization seeks to lower risk to the note purchasers
by isolating the assets collateralizing the securitization in an SPE that is not subject to the credit and bankruptcy risks of the originator.
As a result of this perceived reduction of risk, debt securitization transactions frequently achieve lower overall leverage costs for
originators as compared to traditional secured lending transactions. 

In accordance with the above
description, to securitize loans, we may create a wholly owned subsidiary and contribute a pool of our assets to such subsidiary. The
SPE may be funded with, among other things, whole loans or interests from other pools and such loans may or may not be rated. The SPE
would then sell its notes to purchasers whom we would expect to be willing to accept a lower interest rate and the absence of any recourse
against us to invest in a pool of income producing assets to which none of our creditors would have access. We would retain all or a portion
of the equity in the SPE. An inability to successfully securitize portions of our portfolio or otherwise leverage our portfolio through
secured and unsecured borrowings could limit our ability to grow our business and fully execute our business strategy, and could decrease
our earnings, if any. However, the successful securitization of portions of our portfolio exposes us to a risk of loss for the equity
we retain in the SPE and might expose us to greater risk on our remaining portfolio because the assets we retain may tend to be those
that are riskier and more likely to generate losses. A successful securitization may also impose financial and operating covenants that
restrict our business activities and may include limitations that could hinder our ability to finance additional loans and investments.
The Investment Company Act may also impose restrictions on the structure of any securitizations. 

Interests we hold in the SPE,
if any, will be subordinated to the other interests issued by the SPE. As such, we will only receive cash distributions on such interests
if the SPE has made all cash interest and other required payments on all other interests it has issued. In addition, our subordinated
interests will likely be unsecured and rank behind all of the secured creditors, known or unknown, of the SPE, including the holders of
the senior interests it has issued. Consequently, to the extent that the value of the SPE's portfolio of assets has been reduced as a
result of conditions in the credit markets, or as a result of defaults, the value of the subordinated interests we retain would be reduced.
Securitization imposes on us the same risks as borrowing except that our risk in a securitization is limited to the amount of subordinated
interests we retain, whereas in a borrowing or debt issuance by us directly we would be at risk for the entire amount of the borrowing
or debt issuance. 

We may also engage in transactions
utilizing SPEs and securitization techniques where the assets sold or contributed to the SPE remain on our balance sheet for accounting
purposes. If, for example, we sell the assets to the SPE with recourse or provide a guarantee or other credit support to the SPE, its
assets will remain on our balance sheet. Consolidation would also generally result if we, in consultation with our auditors, determine
that consolidation would result in a more accurate reflection of our assets, liabilities and results of operations. In these structures,
the risks will be essentially the same as in other securitization transactions but the assets will remain our assets for purposes of the
limitations described above on investing in assets that are not qualifying assets and the leverage incurred by the SPE will be treated
as borrowings incurred by us for purposes of our limitation on the issuance of senior securities. 

40 

We may not be able to utilize our net operating loss carry forwards. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had federal and state net operating loss carry forwards NOLs for income tax purposes of approximately 23.7 million and
 104.2 million, respectively, after application of the limitations set forth in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. In accordance
with Section 382, future utilization of our NOLs is subject to an annual limitation as a result of ownership changes that occurred previously.
We also maintain NOLs in various foreign jurisdictions. 

Our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements
are subject to the tax laws of various jurisdictions, and we could face greater than anticipated tax liabilities, which would harm our
results of operations. 

We are subject to tax laws
in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions, including Israel and the U.K. Our income tax obligations
are based in part on our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements. The tax laws applicable to our business are increasingly complex,
are subject to interpretation and their application can be uncertain. The amount of taxes we pay in the jurisdictions in which we operate
could increase substantially as a result of changes in the applicable tax principles, including increased tax rates, new tax laws or revised
interpretations of existing tax laws and precedents. 

We are subject to the examination
of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and foreign tax authorities in the jurisdictions in which we operate, and we
may be subject to assessments or audits in the future in any such jurisdictions. The tax authorities in these jurisdictions may aggressively
interpret their laws in an effort to raise additional tax revenue and may claim that various withholding requirements apply to us or our
subsidiaries, challenge the availability to us or our subsidiaries of certain benefits under tax treaties, and challenge our methodologies
for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements or our revenue recognition policies, which could result in an increase of
our worldwide effective tax rate and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

Risks Related to Circle 8 

Circle 8 uses substantial leverage in its capital
structure which could adversely affect its financial condition. Although Circle 8 s debt-to-EBITDA ratio is below the industry median,
operational disruptions or economic shocks could hinder Circle 8 s ability to service its debt and impact its solvency. Additionally,
the industry tends to heavily rely on debt to finance expansionary initiatives, whether through organic growth or acquisitions. 

Circle 8 currently has a substantial
amount of outstanding debt. As of December 31, 2022, it had total outstanding indebtedness of approximately 25.6 million, of which 15.1
million was borrowed from CIT Northbridge Credit, LLC CITN in a senior secured asset-based revolving line of credit and
 10.6 million consists of outstanding equipment notes transferred from De Lage Landen Group, LLC DLL ). Circle 8 has the
ability to increase the CITN loan by 10 million. Circle 8 may further increase its debt balance where permitted by incumbent lenders
for growth and expansionary purposes. Circle 8 s substantial indebtedness could have important consequences. For example, it may: 

increase Circle 8 s vulnerability to general adverse economic, industry and competitive conditions; 

require management to dedicate a substantial portion of Circle 8 s cash flow from operations to
interest payments and principal repayment, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures,
acquisitions, dividend payments to its owners and other general corporate purposes; 

limit Circle 8 s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in Circle 8 s specific
business and the industry in which it operates; 

place Circle 8 at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors that have less debt; and 

limit Circle 8 s ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures,
acquisitions or general corporate purposes. 

Circle 8 expects to use cash
flow from operations and borrowings under the CITN commitment to meet current and future financial obligations, including funding operations,
debt service and capital expenditures. Circle 8 s ability to make these payments depends on future operational performance, which
will be affected by financial, business, economic and other factors, many of which Circle 8 cannot control. Circle 8 s business
may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future or be able to appropriately adjust operations to suit organic industry
developments, which could result in Circle 8 s inability to service its debt obligations, or to fund other liquidity needs. If Circle
8 has insufficient capital to cover its debt obligations, it may be forced to reduce or delay ongoing or growth activities and capital
expenditures, sell assets, obtain additional debt or dilutive equity capital or restructure or refinance all or a portion of its debt,
including the incumbent CITN and DLL loans, and any other incremental loans, on or before maturity. There can be no assurance that Circle
8 will be able to accomplish any of these alternatives on terms acceptable to it or to us, if at all. In addition, the terms of existing
or future indebtedness, including the agreements governing the incumbent loans, may limit Circle 8 s ability to pursue any of other
alternatives. 

41 

While Circle 8 has had an industry-leading
safety record throughout its history, it operates in a potentially hazardous industry, and any safety incident could significantly impact
its operations. A blemish on Circle 8 s safety record could lead to direct consequences such as fines, levies, and increased insurance
premiums, as well as indirect consequences such as customers preferring competitors with better safety records. 

The lifting solutions business
is inherently risky, and accidents can occur due to a variety of factors, including negligence and unforeseeable events. Despite this,
Circle 8 has maintained an industry-leading safety record and has not experienced any incidents that have significantly impacted its operations.
While Circle 8 has a safety program in place, it cannot guarantee protection against unforeseeable events or acts of God. 
Any safety transgressions can have a material impact on sales and operating results, leading to fines and levies, and potentially causing
customers to prefer competitors with better safety records. Therefore, Circle 8 places a great emphasis on maintaining its safety program
and continually improving its practices to minimize the risk of incidents occurring. 

The lifting solutions business is dependent
on the domestic oil markets activity, oil pricing, construction and industrial activities, and the overall economic conditions.
Any downturn in these areas could adversely affect the demand for lifting solutions, leading to decreased sales and lower lifting solutions
prices, which may result in a decline in Circle 8 s revenues, gross margins and operating results. 

Circle 8 primarily provides
lifting solutions for the U.S. domestic oil market. As such, any downturn in the U.S. domestic oil market or the economy as a whole could
result in reduced demand for its services or lower sales prices. Additionally, its business may face temporary or long-term negative impacts
due to: 

a reduction in extraction levels by customers due to increased costs and break-even oil price and lower
levels of reserves due to depletion of existing reserves and resources; 

exploration and drilling are capital intensive and results are uncertain, which may limit Circle 8 s
current clients demand for Circle 8 s services and adversely affect its ability to generate new clients; 

until it executes on its expansion program, dependence on a limited number of clients in a niche oil services
market could make Circle 8 vulnerable compared to larger industry incumbents with greater client diversity; 

unfavorable credit and equity markets affecting end-user access to capital or cost of capital, also potentially
increasing the all-in cash costs and break-even oil prices may make operations of its current and future clients no longer economically
viable; 

adverse changes in federal, state, tribal and local government infrastructure spending; 

an increase in the cost of consumables and construction materials related to oil extraction and infrastructure
construction; 

adverse weather conditions or natural disasters which may affect a particular region; 

a decrease in the level of exploration, development, production activity and capital spending by oil and
natural gas companies; 

an increase in inflationary pressure on materials and labor; 

labor issues such as strikes or worker shortages; 

a prolonged shutdown of the U.S. government; 

an increase in interest rates; 

supply chain disruptions; 

changes in federal and state regulations related to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions may materially
adversely impact Circle 8 s and/or its clients revenues, operating results and profitability; 

public health crises and epidemics, such as COVID-19; or 

terrorism or hostilities involving the United States and/or its allies. 

Weakness or deterioration
in the oil services industry, renewables infrastructure construction, plant turn-around and public and industrial infrastructure construction
sectors caused by the above or other factors could have a material adverse effect on Circle 8 s financial position, results of operations
and cash flows in the future and may also have a material adverse effect on residual values realized on the disposition of the existing
and future rental fleet. 

42 

Circle 8 s business is highly reliant
on the availability of specialized skilled labor, and this dependency is particularly pronounced given the current scarcity of domestic
U.S. skilled labor. This scarcity is at an all-time high, which is further compounded as labor requirements to operate in Circle 8 s
business becomes even more specialized. 

The lifting solutions business
requires licensed operators to operate safely and within U.S. domestic regulatory requirements. It takes several months and material funding
to be trained to become a licensed crane operator, making the availability of qualified labor scarce for the lifting solutions industry
in general and specifically in remote locations in which Circle 8 s client set operates its oil services. Availability of labor
may have a significant impact on Circle 8 s ability to service its current client set and to be able to execute on its expansion
program. 

Additionally, the training
and licensing requirements for crane operators can vary by state and even by municipality, which can create further challenges for Circle
8 in sourcing and deploying qualified labor in different geographic locations. Moreover, the competitive labor market for skilled workers
in the oil services industry could potentially drive up labor costs for Circle 8, which would impact its profitability and competitiveness. 

Circle 8 s business is, directly and
indirectly, dependent on a functioning global supply chain system. The oil and steel markets are global, and many suppliers, vendors,
OEM s and parts manufacturers for Circle 8 and its clients industries are offshore. 

The lifting solutions business
success is heavily dependent on the availability and efficient conversion to elevated utilization rates of the lifting assets. This metrics
can be fundamentally impacted by the functionality of the global supply chain, which plays several roles in the lifting solutions business.
For example, supply chain disruptions could delay the delivery of critical parts and components needed for maintenance and repair of lifting
assets, leading to longer downtime periods and reduced utilization rates. 

In addition, fluctuations
in commodity prices could impact the cost of raw materials needed to manufacture lifting assets, potentially affecting the company s
profitability. These fluctuations, among others, could impact the efficiency and profitability of Circle 8 s lifting solutions business
and can be impacted by a variety of factors, including the following: 

possible geopolitical unrest and conflict may impact ability to receive new parts or new cranes in a timely
manner, if at all, to optimize utilization and ultimately, profitability; 

reliance on foreign suppliers for cranes and exposure to trade embargoes could impede its ability to procure
necessary parts and equipment to execute its growth strategies and maintain its fleet; 

inflationary pressures resulting from supply chain disruptions and labor shortages could make it difficult
for Circle 8 to repair and replace its crane equipment at regular costs; 

fuel price escalation could have a material impact on gross profit since it is typically approximately
7 of the operating cost structure in recent history; 

oil market sanctions and political pressure on domestic production reduction may adversely impact Circle
8 s core clients and its revenues and profitability; or 

steel market sanctions, trade embargoes and other supply chain shocks may adversely impact public and
private infrastructure and renewables new construction and maintenance projects, ultimately slowing Circle 8 s strategic transition
to diversify its end markets and client base. 

Furthermore, as Circle 8 expands
its operations, it may need to rely on suppliers and logistics partners in new geographic regions, which could expose the company to additional
supply chain risks. 

Circle 8 s reliance on a limited number
of equipment manufacturers exposes the company to significant risks, as the termination or disruption of relationships with any of these
manufacturers could adversely impact Circle 8 s ability to obtain equipment in a timely or adequate manner, potentially leading
to operational disruptions and financial losses. 

Circle 8 purchases most of
its equipment from a leading, nationally recognized original equipment manufacturer OEM ). For the year ended December 31,
2022, the company did not purchase any new equipment as it was in a period of restructuring and right sizing its fleet. Prior to that,
it purchased 100 of its equipment from Manitowoc. Circle 8 plans to diversify its supplier base going forward to alleviate this risk
to some extent. The termination of its existing relationship with any major supplier could have a material adverse effect on the business,
financial condition or results of operations if it were unable to obtain equipment in an adequate or timely manner. 

43 

Circle 8 faces risks related to heightened
inflation, recession, financial and credit market disruptions and other economic conditions. 

Circle 8 financial results,
operations and forecasts depend significantly on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions, the demand for Circle 8 s products,
and the financial condition of its customers and suppliers. Economic weakness and geopolitical uncertainty have in the past resulted,
and may result in the future, in reduced demand for lifting solutions resulting in decreased sales, margins and earnings. In 2022, the
U.S. experienced significantly heightened inflationary pressures which have continued into 2023. It is difficult to fully mitigate the
impact of inflation through price increases passed through to customers that are operating in commodity sector with global end market
pricing mechanisms, productivity initiatives and cost savings, which could have an adverse effect on Circle 8 s financial results
and position. In addition, if the U.S. economy enters a recession, Circle 8 s sales may decline, which could have an adverse effect
on its overall business, operating results and financial condition. Similarly, disruptions in financial and/or credit markets may impact
Circle 8 s ability to manage normal commercial relationships with its customers, suppliers and creditors. Further, in the event
of a recession or threat of a recession, Circle 8 s customers and suppliers may suffer their own financial and economic challenges
and as a result they may demand pricing accommodations, delay payment, or become insolvent, which could harm Circle 8 s ability
to meet its customer demands or collect revenue or otherwise could harm the business and its ability to service incumbent loans, ultimately
leading to possible insolvency. An economic or credit crisis could occur and impair credit availability and Circle 8 s ability to
raise capital as required for ongoing working capital, maintenance capital and expansion capex. A disruption in the financial markets
could impair Circle 8 s banking or other business partners, on whom it relies for access to capital. In addition, changes in tax
or interest rates in the U.S. or other nations, whether due to recession, economic disruptions or other reasons, could have an adverse
effect on Circle 8 s operating results. Economic weakness and geopolitical uncertainty may also lead to asset impairment, restructuring
actions or adjust Circle 8 s operating strategy and reduce expenses in response to decreased sales or margins. Circle 8 may not
be able to adequately adjust its cost structure in a timely fashion, which could have an adverse effect on its operating results and financial
condition. Uncertainty about economic conditions may increase foreign currency volatility in markets in which it transacts business, which
could have an adverse effect on Circle 8 operating results. 

The inability to forecast trends accurately
may have an adverse impact on Circle 8 s business and financial condition. 

An economic downturn or economic
uncertainty makes it difficult to forecast trends. For example, the economic uncertainty caused by COVID-19, and its impact on Circle
8 s future operational and financial performance was highly dependent on the depth and duration of the pandemic, as well as the
government-mandated restrictions on economic activity and government economic stimulus packages passed in response to the economic downturn.
More recently, rising interest rates, higher than expected inflation, and several bank failures also underscore the potential impact of
ongoing economic risks to Circle 8 s operations and financial performance. These factors can lead to increased borrowing costs,
reduced consumer spending, and reduced access to credit, among other potential challenges. 

This uncertainty makes it
difficult to forecast Circle 8 s future operating performance, cash flows and financial position, which could have an adverse impact
on its business and financial condition. Additionally, uncertainty regarding future oil and natural gas prices have negatively impacted
the exploration, production and construction activity of Circle 8 s customers in those markets. Uncertainty regarding future lifting
solutions demand could cause Circle 8 to maintain excess equipment inventory and increase its equipment inventory carrying costs, decrease
utilization and cause a technical default in certain covenants. Alternatively, difficulty forecasting, in addition to labor shortages
and supply chain disruptions could cause a shortage incremental rental equipment that could result in an inability to satisfy demand for
Circle 8 service and a loss of market share. 

Circle 8 s revenue and operating results
may fluctuate, which could result in a decline in profitability and make it more difficult to grow the business. 

Circle 8 s revenue and
operating results have historically varied from month to month and quarter to quarter. Periods of decline could result in an overall decline
in profitability and make it more difficult to adequately service indebtedness and grow the business using incremental leverage. It can
be expected that Circle 8 s quarterly results will continue to fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors, including the
following: 

general economic conditions in the markets in which the company operates; 

44 

the cyclical nature of Circle 8 s customers business, particularly Circle 8 s oil services
customer and prospective customers in the construction industry; 

sales patterns in general in the construction industry, with sales activity tending to be lower in the
winter months, which causes significant volatility in utilization; 

changes in the size of Circle 8 s fleet due to rapid growth followed by a slow-down and Circle 8 s
ability to service and maintain its fleet in a timely manner; 

an overcapacity of fleet in the crane services industry; 

severe weather and seismic conditions temporarily affecting the regions in which Circle 8 operates; 

supply chain or other disruptions that impact its ability to obtain equipment and other supplies from
key suppliers on acceptable terms or at all; 

changes in corporate spending for plants and facilities or changes in government spending for infrastructure
projects; 

changes in interest rates and related changes in Circle 8 s interest expense and debt service obligations;
or 

the possible need, from time to time, to record impairment charges or other write-offs or charges due
to a variety of occurrences, such as the impairment of assets, existing location divestitures, dislocation in the equity and/or credit
markets, consolidations or closings, restructurings, or the refinancing of existing indebtedness. 

Circle 8 is subject to competition, which may
have a material adverse effect on its business by reducing its ability to increase or maintain revenues or profitability. 

The full-service crane services
and lifting solutions industry is highly competitive and fragmented. Many of the markets in which Circle 8 operates are served by numerous
competitors, ranging from global, national and multi-regional equipment rental companies to small, independent businesses with a limited
number of locations. Circle 8 has historically competed on the bases of availability, quality, reliability, delivery and price. Some of
Circle 8 s competitors have significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources than it does, and may be able to reduce
rates. Circle 8 may encounter increased competition from existing competitors or new market entrants in the future, which could have a
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The cost of new Circle 8 rental fleet units
may increase and therefore may require a larger equity investment equipment. In some cases, it may not be possible to procure equipment
on a timely basis due to supplier constraints, among other reasons. 

The cost of new equipment
from manufacturers of Circle 8 fleet may increase because of increased raw material costs, including increases in the cost of steel, which
is a primary material used in almost all of the equipment Circle 8 uses, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions or due to increased
regulatory requirements, such as those related to emissions. In addition, in an effort to combat climate change, Circle 8 s customers
may require Circle 8 s fleet to meet certain standards which may not be able to be met without capital intensive and time-consuming
fleet unit retrofits or ultimately cost prohibitive replacements. If such retrofits or replacements cannot be achieved in a timely manner,
or at all, Circle 8 s sales, financial results and financial position would be materially adversely impacted. These increases could
materially impact Circle 8 financial condition or results of operations in future periods if Circle 8 is not able to pass such cost increases
through to its customers. 

Circle 8 s fleet is subject to residual
value risk upon disposition. 

The market value of any given
piece of equipment could be less than its depreciated value at the time it is sold. The market value of used rental equipment depends
on several factors, including: 

the market price for new equipment of a like kind; 

wear and tear on the equipment relative to its age; 

the time of year that it is sold (prices are generally higher during the busy season); 

worldwide and domestic demands for used equipment; 

the supply of used equipment on the market; and 

general economic conditions. 

Circle 8 typically includes
in operating income the difference between the sales price and the depreciated value of an item of equipment sold. Although for the year
ended December 31, 2022, Circle 8 sold used equipment from Circle 8 rental fleet reducing its fleet from 65 to 54 cranes at an average
selling price above of net orderly liquidation value, it cannot be assured that used equipment selling prices will not decline. Any significant
decline in the selling prices for used equipment could have a material adverse effect on Circle 8 s business, financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. 

45 

As Circle 8 s rental fleet ages, its
operating costs may increase, it may be unable to pass along such costs to customers, and earnings may decrease. The costs of new fleet
units may increase, requiring Circle 8 to spend more for replacement equipment or preventing it from procuring equipment on a timely basis. 

If Circle 8 s rental
equipment ages, the costs of maintaining such equipment, if not replaced within a certain period of time, will likely increase. The costs
of maintenance may materially increase in the future and could lead to material adverse effects on Circle 8 s results of operations.
The cost of new equipment for use in Circle 8 s rental fleet could also increase due to increased material costs for its suppliers
(including tariffs on raw materials) or other factors beyond Circle 8 s control. Such increases could materially adversely impact
Circle 8 s financial condition and results of operations in future periods. Furthermore, changes in customer demand could cause
certain of Circle 8 s existing equipment to become obsolete and require Circle 8 to purchase new equipment at increased costs. 

Labor disputes could disrupt Circle 8 ability
to serve its customers and/or lead to higher labor costs. 

As of December 31, 2022, Circle
8 had approximately 110 employees in Texas, Louisiana and Oklahoma, none of whom is unionized. While Circle 8 has no current plans to
unionize any of its locations, it recognizes the possibility of a branch or group of branches in a state becoming unionized against Circle
8 s wishes in the future. However, Circle 8 is committed to maintaining positive and productive relationships with its employees
without union influence, prioritizing open communication and collaboration to address any concerns and ensure a positive work environment. 

Circle 8. employee s
union organizing efforts or collective bargaining negotiations could potentially lead to work stoppages and/or slowdowns or strikes by
certain of Circle 8 employees, which could adversely affect its ability to serve its customers. 

Climate change, climate change regulations
and greenhouse effects may materially adversely impact Circle 8 operations and markets. 

Climate change and its association
with greenhouse gas emissions is receiving increased attention from the scientific and political communities. The U.S. federal government,
certain U.S. states and certain other countries and regions have adopted or are considering legislation or regulation imposing overall
caps or taxes on greenhouse gas emissions from certain sectors or facility categories. Such new laws or regulations, or stricter enforcement
of existing laws and regulations, could increase the costs of operating Circle 8 s businesses, reduce the demand for its products
and services and impact the prices charged to customers, any or all of which could adversely affect Circle 8 s results of operations.
Failure to comply with any legislation or regulations could potentially result in substantial fines, criminal sanctions or operational
changes. Moreover, even without such legislation or regulation, the perspectives of Circle 8 s customers, employees and other stakeholders
regarding climate change are continuing to evolve, and increased awareness of, or any adverse publicity regarding, the effects of greenhouse
gases could harm Circle 8 s reputation or reduce customer demand for Circle 8 s products and services. Additionally, as severe
weather events become increasingly common, Circle 8 s and its customers operations may be disrupted, which could result in
increased operational costs or reduced demand for its products and services, which could have an adverse effect on Circle 8 s results
of operations. In addition, climate change may also reduce the availability or increase the cost of insurance for weather-related events
as well as may impact the global economy, including as a result of disruptions to supply chains. Circle 8 anticipates that climate change-related
risks will increase over time. 

Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Operations 

Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Operations General 

To remain competitive in our industry, we seek
to grow our hash rate to match the growing network hash rate and increasing network difficulty of the Bitcoin blockchain, and if we are
unable to grow our hash rate at pace with the network hash rate, our chance of earning Bitcoin from our Mining operations would decline. 

As the adoption of Bitcoin
has increased, the price of Bitcoin has generally appreciated, causing the demand for new Bitcoin rewards for successfully solving blocks
on the Bitcoin blockchain to likewise increase. This has encouraged more miners to attempt to mine Bitcoin, which increases the global
network hash rate deployed in support of the Bitcoin blockchain. 

46 

Because a miner s relative
chance of successfully solving a block and earning a new Bitcoin reward is generally a function of the ratio the miner s individual
hash rate bears to the global network hash rate, as the global network hash rate increases, a miner must increase its individual hash
rate to maintain its chances of earning new Bitcoin rewards. Therefore, as new miners enter the industry and as miners deploy greater
and greater numbers of increasingly powerful machines, existing miners must seek to continually increase their hash rate to remain competitive.
Thus, a feedback loop is created: as Bitcoin gains popularity and its relative market price increases, more miners attempt to mine Bitcoin
and the Bitcoin network hash rate is increased; in response, existing miners and new miners devote more and more hash rate to the Bitcoin
blockchain by deploying greater numbers of increasingly powerful machines in an attempt to ensure their ability to earn additional Bitcoin
rewards does not decrease. Compounding this feedback loop, the network difficulty of the Bitcoin network (i.e., the amount of work (measured
in hashes) necessary to solve a block) is periodically adjusted to maintain the pace of new block additions (with one new block added
to the blockchain approximately every ten minutes), and thereby control the supply of Bitcoin. As miners deploy more hash rate and the
Bitcoin network hash rate is increased, the Bitcoin network difficulty is adjusted upwards by requiring more hash rate to be deployed
to solve a block. Thus, miners are further incentivized to grow their hash rate to maintain their chance of earning new Bitcoin rewards.
In theory, these dual processes should continually replicate themselves until the supply of available Bitcoin is exhausted. In response,
miners have attempted to achieve greater hash rate by deploying increasingly sophisticated miners and expensive miners in ever greater
quantities. This has become the Bitcoin mining industry s great arms race. Moreover, because there are very few manufacturers
of miners capable of producing a sufficient number of miners of adequate quality to meet this need, scarcity results, leading to higher
prices. Compounding this phenomenon, it has been observed that some manufacturers of Bitcoin miners may increase the prices for new miners
as the market price of Bitcoin increases. 

Accordingly, to maintain our
chances of earning new Bitcoin rewards and remaining competitive in our industry, we must seek to continually add new miners to grow our
hash rate at pace with the growth in the Bitcoin network hash rate. However, as demand has increased and scarcity in the supply of new
miners has resulted, the price of new miners has increased sharply, and we expect this process to continue in the future as demand for
Bitcoin increases. Therefore, if the price of Bitcoin is not sufficiently high to allow us to fund our hash rate growth through new miner
acquisitions and if we are otherwise unable to access additional capital to acquire these miners, our hash rate may stagnate and we may
fall behind our competitors. If this happens, our chances of earning new Bitcoin rewards would decline and, as such, our results of operations
and financial condition may suffer. 

Acceptance and/or widespread use of Bitcoin
is uncertain. 

Currently, there is a limited
use of any Bitcoin in the retail and commercial marketplace, thus contributing to price volatility that could adversely affect an investment
in our securities. Banks and other established financial institutions may refuse to process funds for Bitcoin transactions or process
wire transfers to or from Bitcoin exchanges, Bitcoin-related companies or service providers, which we have experienced, or maintain accounts
for persons or entities transacting in Bitcoin. Conversely, a significant portion of Bitcoin demand is generated by investors seeking
a long-term store of value or speculators seeking to profit from the short- or long-term holding of the asset. Price volatility undermines
any Bitcoin s role as a medium of exchange, as retailers are much less likely to accept it as a form of payment. Market capitalization
for a Bitcoin as a medium of exchange and payment method may always be low. 

The relative lack of acceptance
of Bitcoins in the retail and commercial marketplace, or a reduction of such use, limits the ability of end users to use them to pay for
goods and services. Such lack of acceptance or decline in acceptances could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue
as a going concern or to pursue our business strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or
operations and potentially the value of Bitcoins we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 

The development and acceptance of cryptographic
and algorithmic protocols governing the issuance of and transactions in cryptocurrencies is subject to a variety of special economic,
geopolitical and regulatory factors, which could slow the growth of the industry in general and our company as a result. 

The use of cryptocurrencies,
including Bitcoin, to, among other things, buy and sell goods and services and complete transactions, is part of a new and rapidly evolving
industry that employs cryptocurrency assets based upon a computer-generated mathematical and/or cryptographic protocol. Large-scale acceptance
of cryptocurrencies as a means of payment has not, and may never, occur. The growth of this industry in general, and the use of Bitcoin
in particular, is subject to a high degree of uncertainty, and the slowing or stopping of the development or acceptance of developing
protocols may occur unpredictably. The factors include, but are not limited to: 

the progress of worldwide growth in the adoption and use of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as a medium
of exchange; 

the experience of businesses in using Bitcoin; 

47 

the impact from prominent business leaders in criticizing Bitcoin s potential harm to the environment
and the effect of announcements critical of Bitcoin, such as those that occurred with Elon Musk of Tesla; 

governmental and organizational regulation of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies and their use, or restrictions
on or regulation of access to and operation of the network or similar cryptocurrency systems (such as the recent ban in China); 

changes in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences, including as may result from coverage
of Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies by journalists and other sources of information and media; 

the maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the network; 

the increased consolidation of contributors to the Bitcoin blockchain through mining pools and scaling
of mining equipment by well-capitalized market participants; 

the availability and popularity of other forms or methods of buying and selling goods and services, including
new means of using fiat currencies; 

the use of the networks supporting Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies for developing smart contracts and
distributed applications; 

general economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies; 

the impact of regulators focusing on cryptocurrencies and the costs, financial and otherwise, associated
with such regulatory oversight; and 

a decline in the popularity or acceptance of Bitcoin could adversely affect an investment in us. 

The outcome of these factors
could have negative effects on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our business strategy, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations as well as potentially negative effects on the value of any Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies
we mine or otherwise acquire, which would harm investors in our securities. If Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies we mine do not gain widespread
market acceptance or accrete in value over time, our prospects and your investment in us would diminish. 

There has been a recent disruption in the crypto
asset markets and a loss of confidence in the participants in the digital asset ecosystem, which may continue or could get worse. 

Digital asset exchanges on
which cryptocurrencies trade are relatively new and, in most cases, largely unregulated. Many digital exchanges do not provide the public
with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management teams, corporate practices or regulatory compliance. As a
result, the marketplace and customer demand in particular may lose confidence in, or may experience problems relating to, cryptocurrency
exchanges, including prominent exchanges handling a significant portion of the volume of digital asset trading. During 2022 and more recently
in 2023, a number of companies in the crypto industry have declared bankruptcy, including Celsius Network, Voyager Digital, BlockFi, FTX
and Genesis Global. In June 2022, Celsius began pausing all withdrawals and transfers between accounts on its platform, and in July 2022,
it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Further, in November 2022, FTX, one of the major cryptocurrency exchanges, also filed for
Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Such bankruptcies have contributed, at least in part, to further price decreases in Bitcoin, a loss of confidence
in the participants of the digital asset ecosystem and negative publicity and reputational harm surrounding digital assets more broadly,
and other participants and entities in the digital asset industry, like our company, have been, and may continue to be, negatively affected.
These events have also negatively impacted the liquidity of the digital assets markets as certain entities affiliated with FTX engaged
in significant trading activity. These events have also contributed to the collapse of several banks and lenders that had conducted business
in the crypto market including Silvergate Capital, Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. 

Shortly FTX s bankruptcy,
its CEO resigned and FTX and several affiliates of FTX filed for bankruptcy. The U.S. Department of Justice DOJ subsequently
brought criminal charges, including charges of fraud, violations of federal securities laws, money laundering, and campaign finance offenses,
against FTX s former CEO and others. FTX is also under investigation by the SEC, the DOJ, and the CFTC, as well as by various regulatory
authorities in the Bahamas, Europe and other jurisdictions. In response to these events, the digital asset markets have experienced extreme
price volatility and declines in liquidity, and regulatory and enforcement scrutiny has increased, including from the DOJ, the SEC, the
CFTC, the White House and Congress. The SEC also brought charges against Genesis Global Capital, LLC and Gemini Trust Company, LLC on
January 12, 2023 for their alleged unregistered offer and sale of securities to retail investors. 

48 

We are dependent on the overall
crypto assets industry, and such recent events have contributed, at least in part, to depreciation in and volatility to our and our peers
stock price as well as the price of Bitcoin. If the liquidity of the digital assets markets continues to be negatively impacted, digital
asset prices (including the price of bitcoin) may continue to experience significant volatility and confidence in the digital asset markets
may be further undermined. A perceived lack of stability in the digital asset exchange market and the closure or temporary shutdown of
digital asset exchanges due to business failure, hackers or malware, government-mandated regulation, or fraud, may reduce confidence in
digital asset networks and result in greater volatility in cryptocurrency values. These potential consequences of a digital asset exchange s
failure could adversely affect an investment in our company. 

We cannot provide any assurance
that we will not be materially impacted in the future by bankruptcies of participants in the crypto asset space, such as the recent bankruptcy
filings by Celsius Network, Voyager Digital, BlockFi, FTX and Genesis Global, or by potential liquidity or insolvency issues of our service
providers and other counterparties. We continue to monitor the digital assets industry as a whole, though these events are continuing
to develop and it is not possible at this time to predict all of the risks stemming from these events that may result to us, our service
providers, including custodians, our counterparties, and the broader industry as a whole. At this time, Gemini Trust Company, LLC is the
only company we use to store our digital assets, and we do not utilize any other custodians. In the past we have used other custodians
and may do so again in the future, subject to diligence on the security of any such custodian. 

Any of these events may adversely
affect our operations and results of operations and, consequently, an investment in our company. 

We rely on a sole supplier for our Bitcoin
mining machines, and may not be able to find replacements or immediately transition to alternative suppliers. If we were to lose Bitmain
as a supplier, or if Bitmain were unable or unwilling to fulfill our orders, any delay or interruption in planned delivery could seriously
interrupt our business. 

We rely on Bitmain as the
sole supplier for our Bitcoin miners. According to Bitmain, it supplies approximately 80 of the global market for ASIC miners, which
are used to mine Bitcoin. Currently, we have contracts with Bitmain for the delivery of 20,600 miners, of which approximately 16,017 S19j
Pro Antminers and 4,424 S19 XP Antminers have been delivered to date with
another 204 S19 XP Antminers in the hands of our carrier and in route to our Facility, which brings us to a total of 20,645 S19j Pro and
S19 XP Antminers in our possession. The remaining miners scheduled to be delivered monthly through December 2023. The market price and
availability of new mining machines fluctuates with the price of Bitcoin and can be volatile. Higher Bitcoin prices increase the demand
for mining equipment and increases the cost. In addition, as more companies seek to enter the mining industry, the demand for machines
may outpace supply and create mining machine equipment shortages. Any future purchase orders with Bitmain for additional miners are subject
to availability and price considerations. If we were to lose Bitmain as a supplier, or if Bitmain were unable or unwilling to fulfill
our orders or make miners available to use in the future on terms acceptable to us, there can be no assurance that we will be able to
identify or enter into agreements with alternative suppliers on a timely basis or on acceptable terms, if at all. Any delay or interruption
in the planned delivery of our contracted miners, whether due to supply shortages, foreign country hostilities, extended national holidays
or otherwise, could significantly affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Political or economic crises may motivate large-scale sales
of cryptocurrencies, which could result in a reduction in values of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and adversely affect an investment
in us. 

Geopolitical crises, in particular
major ones such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine, may motivate large-scale purchases of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, which
could increase the price of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies rapidly. This may increase the likelihood of a subsequent price decrease
as crisis-driven purchasing behavior dissipates, adversely affecting the value of our Bitcoin following such downward adjustment. Such
risks are similar to the risks of purchasing commodities in general uncertain times, such as the risk of purchasing, holding or selling
gold. Alternatively, as an emerging asset class with limited acceptance as a payment system or commodity, global crises and general economic
downturn may discourage investment in cryptocurrencies as investors focus their investment on less volatile asset classes as a means of
hedging their investment risk. 

49 

As an alternative to fiat
currencies that are backed by central governments, cryptocurrencies, which are relatively new, are subject to supply and demand forces.
How such supply and demand will be impacted by geopolitical events is largely uncertain but could be harmful to us and investors in our
common stock. Political or economic crises may motivate large-scale acquisitions or sales of cryptocurrencies either globally or locally.
Such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any Bitcoin or any other cryptocurrencies
we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 

Negative media attention and public perception
surrounding energy consumption by cryptocurrency mining may adversely affect our reputation and, consequently, our stock price; particularly
in the eyes of some of our investors who may be more interested in our non-crypto operations as a holding company. 

Cryptocurrency mining has
experienced negative media attention surrounding its perceived high electricity use and environmental impact, which has adversely influenced
public perception of the industry as a whole. We believe these factors are overstated for the cryptocurrency mining industry because of
the informational disparity between cryptocurrency mining and other energy intensive industries. Cryptocurrency miners (particularly Bitcoin
miners) have freely and publicly disclosed their energy consumption statistics because electricity usage, and the associated utility fees,
is a cost of production. As increasing numbers of publicly traded cryptocurrency miners enter the market, more data, reliably disclosed
in compliance with GAAP, has become available; however, such data has not been made as readily available for competitive payment systems
and fiat currencies. 

Nevertheless, this negative
media attention and public perception may materially and adversely affect our reputation and, consequently, our stock price, particularly
in the eyes of our investors who are more interested in our non-crypto operations as a holding company. As a single company within the
broader cryptocurrency industry, we are likely incapable of effectively countering this negative media attention and affecting public
perception. Therefore, we may not be able to adequately respond to these external pressures, which may cause a significant decline in
the price of our common stock. 

Banks and financial institutions may not provide
banking services, or may cut off services, to businesses like us that engage in cryptocurrency-related activities. 

A number of companies that
engage in Bitcoin and/or other cryptocurrency-related activities have been unable to find banks or financial institutions that are
willing to provide them with bank accounts and other services. Similarly, a number of companies and individuals or businesses associated
with cryptocurrencies may have had and may continue to have their existing bank accounts closed or services discontinued with financial
institutions in response to government action. The difficulty that many businesses that provide Bitcoin and/or derivatives on other cryptocurrency-related activities
have and may continue to have in finding banks and financial institutions willing to provide them services may be decreasing the usefulness
of cryptocurrencies as a payment system and harming public perception of cryptocurrencies, and could decrease their usefulness and harm
their public perception in the future. 

The usefulness of cryptocurrencies
as a payment system and the public perception of cryptocurrencies could be damaged if banks or financial institutions were to close the
accounts of businesses engaging in Bitcoin and/or other cryptocurrency-related activities. This could occur as a result of compliance
risk, cost, government regulation or public pressure. The risk applies to securities firms, clearance and settlement firms, national securities
exchanges and derivatives on commodities exchanges, the over-the-counter market, and the Depository Trust Company DTC ),
which, if any of such entities adopts or implements similar policies, rules or regulations, could negatively affect our relationships
with financial institutions and impede our ability to convert cryptocurrencies to fiat currencies. Such factors could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to monetize our mining efforts, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, prospects or operations and harm investors. 

The price of cryptocurrencies may be affected
by the sale of such cryptocurrencies by other vehicles investing in cryptocurrencies or tracking cryptocurrency markets. Such events could
have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any Bitcoin we mine. 

The global market for cryptocurrency
is characterized by supply constraints that differ from those present in the markets for commodities or other assets such as gold and
silver. The mathematical protocols under which certain cryptocurrencies are mined permit the creation of a limited, predetermined amount
of digital currency, while others have no limit established on total supply. Increased numbers of miners and deployed mining power globally
will likely continue to increase the available supply of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, which may depress their market price. Further,
large block sales involving significant numbers of Bitcoin following appreciation in the market price of Bitcoin may also
increase the supply of Bitcoin available on the market, which, without a corresponding increase in customer demand, may cause its price
to fall. Currently, the loss of customer demand is also accentuated by disruptions in the crypto assets market. Additionally, to the extent
that other vehicles investing in cryptocurrencies or tracking cryptocurrency markets form and come to represent a significant proportion
of the customer demand for cryptocurrencies, large redemptions of the securities of those vehicles and the subsequent sale of cryptocurrencies
by such vehicles could negatively affect cryptocurrency prices and therefore affect the value of the cryptocurrency inventory we hold.
Such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any Bitcoin or
other cryptocurrencies we may in the future mine. 

50 

Tariffs have increased costs of digital asset
mining equipment, and new or additional tariffs or other restrictions on the import of equipment necessary for digital asset mining could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Equipment necessary for digital
asset mining is almost entirely manufactured outside of the U.S. There is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship
between the U.S. and various other countries, including Russia, China, the European Union, Canada, and Mexico, with respect to trade policies,
treaties, tariffs and customs duties, and taxes. For example, since 2019, the U.S. Government has implemented significant changes to U.S.
trade policy with respect to China. These tariffs have subjected certain digital asset mining equipment manufactured overseas to additional
import duties of up to 25 . The amount of the additional tariffs and the number of products subject to them has changed numerous times
based on action by the U.S. Government. These tariffs have increased costs of digital asset mining equipment, and new or additional tariffs
or other restrictions on the import of equipment necessary for digital asset mining could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Because there has been limited precedent set
for financial accounting for Bitcoin and other digital assets, the determinations that we have made for how to account for digital assets
transactions may be subject to change. 

Because there has been limited
precedent set for the financial accounting for Bitcoin and other digital assets and related revenue recognition and no official guidance
has yet been provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the SEC, it is unclear how companies may in the future be required
to account for digital asset transactions and assets and related revenue recognition. A change in regulatory or financial accounting standards
could result in the necessity to change the accounting methods we currently intend to employ in respect of our anticipated revenues and
assets and restate any financial statements produced based on those methods. Such a restatement could adversely affect our business, prospects,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Operations Operational and
Financial 

Our results of operations are expected to be
impacted by fluctuations in the price of Bitcoin because a significant portion of our revenue is expected to come from Bitcoin mining
production. 

The price of Bitcoin has experienced
significant fluctuations over its relatively short existence and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future. Bitcoin prices
ranged from approximately 29,002 per coin as of December 31, 2020 and 46,306 per coin as of December 31, 2021 to 16,548 per coin as
of December 31, 2022, with a high of 68,790 per coin and a low of 28,804 per coin during 2021, according to Coin Market Cap. The fluctuation
during 2022 ranged between a high of 48,087 to a low of 15,683, according to Coin Market Cap. As of April 14, 2023, the price of Bitcoin
was approximately 30,400. 

We expect our results of operations
to continue to be affected by the Bitcoin price as a significant portion of our revenue is expected to come from Bitcoin mining production.
Any future significant reductions in the price of Bitcoin will likely have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. We cannot assure you that the Bitcoin price will remain high enough to sustain our operations or that the price
of Bitcoin will not decline significantly in the future. Further, fluctuations in the Bitcoin price can have an immediate impact on the
trading price of our shares even before our financial performance is affected, if at all. 

Various factors, mostly beyond
our control, could impact the Bitcoin price. For example, the usage of Bitcoins in the retail and commercial marketplace is relatively
low in comparison with the usage for speculation, which contributes to Bitcoin s price volatility. Additionally, the reward for
Bitcoin mining will decline over time, with the most recent halving event having occurred in May 2020 and the next one expected to occur
in 2024, which may further contribute to Bitcoin price volatility. 

Risk Related to Technological Advancements
and Obsolescence of Current Bitcoin Mining Equipment 

Our operations are exposed
to the risk of rapid technological advancements in the development and production of Bitcoin mining equipment, which could render our
existing mining infrastructure obsolete and adversely impact our financial performance. 

51 

The Bitcoin mining industry
is characterized by rapid technological change, with companies continually developing and deploying new mining equipment and techniques
to enhance computational efficiency and reduce energy consumption. These advancements may outpace our ability to adapt, maintain, and
upgrade our mining equipment, thereby negatively affecting our competitive position and operational efficiency. As a result, we may be
required to make significant capital investments to acquire and implement new technology to maintain our competitiveness. 

If we are unable to anticipate
or adapt to such advancements, or if we fail to allocate our resources efficiently, we may be forced to rely on outdated equipment that
becomes increasingly inefficient and expensive to maintain. Moreover, the emergence of more advanced mining technologies could lead to
an increase in the overall mining difficulty, further reducing the effectiveness of our existing equipment and diminishing our mining
rewards. 

Additionally, there is a risk
that our competitors, who may have greater financial resources and flexibility, will be better positioned to adopt emerging technologies
and gain a competitive advantage. This could result in a decline in our market share, revenue, and profitability. 

Inability to manage these
risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Because of our focus on Bitcoin mining, the
trading price of shares of our common stock may increase or decrease with the trading price of Bitcoin, which subjects investors to pricing
risks, including bubble type risks, and volatility. 

The trading prices of our
common stock may at times be tied to the trading prices of Bitcoin. Specifically, we may experience adverse effects on our stock price
when the value of Bitcoin drops. Furthermore, if the market for Bitcoin mine operators shares or the stock market in general experiences
a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results or
financial condition. The trading price of our common stock could be subject to arbitrary pricing factors that are not necessarily associated
with traditional factors that influence stock prices or the value of non-cryptocurrency assets such as revenue, cash flows, profitability,
growth prospects or business activity since the value and price, as determined by the investing public, may be influenced by uncertain
contingencies such as future anticipated adoption or appreciation in value of cryptocurrencies or blockchains generally, and other factors
over which we have little or no influence or control. 

Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency
market prices, which have historically been volatile and are impacted by a variety of factors, are determined primarily using data from
various exchanges, over-the-counter markets and derivative platforms. Furthermore, such prices may be subject to factors such as
those that impact commodities, more so than business activities, which could be affected by additional influence from fraudulent or illegitimate
actors, real or perceived scarcity, and political, economic, regulatory or other conditions. Pricing may be the result of, and may continue
to result in, speculation regarding future appreciation in the value of cryptocurrencies, or our share price, making their market prices
more volatile or creating bubble type risks for the trading price of Bitcoin. 

The price of Bitcoin has experienced
significant fluctuations over its relatively short existence and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future. Bitcoin prices
ranged from approximately 29,002 per coin as of December 31, 2020 and 46,306 per coin as of December 31, 2021 to 16,548 per coin as
of December 31, 2022, with a high of 68,790 per coin and a low of 28,804 per coin during 2021, according to Coin Market Cap. The fluctuation
during 2022 ranged between a high of 48,087 to a low of 15,683, according to Coin Market Cap. There can be no assurance that similar
fluctuations in the trading price of Bitcoin will not occur in 2023 and in the future. Accordingly, since our revenue will depend in part
on the price of Bitcoin, and the trading price of our securities may therefore at times be connected to the trading price of Bitcoin,
if the trading price of Bitcoin again experiences a significant decline, we could experience a similar decline in revenue and/or in the
trading price for shares of our common stock. If this occurs, you may lose some or all of your investment. 

52 

Our future success will depend in large part
upon the value of Bitcoin. The value of Bitcoin may be subject to pricing risk and has historically been subject to wide swings. 

Our operating results from this sector will depend
in large part upon the value of Bitcoin because it is the sole digital asset we currently mine. Specifically, our revenues from our Bitcoin
mining operations are principally based upon two factors: the number of Bitcoin rewards we successfully mine and the value of Bitcoin.
We also receive transaction fees paid in Bitcoin by participants who initiated transactions associated with new blocks that we mine. In
addition, our operating results are directly impacted by changes in the value of Bitcoin. Digital currencies are recorded at cost less
any impairment. An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not amortized but assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently,
when events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired.
Impairment exists when the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. Our operating results are subject to volatility based upon changes
in the value of Bitcoin that could lead to increased losses or impairments in our investments or other assets. Our strategy currently
focuses primarily on Bitcoin (as opposed to other digital assets). Further, our miners are principally utilized for mining Bitcoin and
cannot mine other digital assets, such as ETH, that are not mined utilizing the SHA-256 algorithm. If other digital assets
were to achieve acceptance at the expense of Bitcoin, causing the value of Bitcoin to decline, or if Bitcoin were to switch its proof
of work algorithm from SHA-256 to another algorithm for which our miners are not specialized, or the value of Bitcoin were to decline
for other reasons, particularly if such decline were significant or over an extended period of time, our operating results would be adversely
affected, and there could be a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our business strategy
at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations, and harm investors. 

Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency
market prices, which have historically been volatile and are impacted by a variety of factors are determined primarily using data from
various exchanges, over-the-counter markets and derivative platforms. Such prices may be subject to factors such as those that impact
commodities, more so than business activities, which could be subject to additional influence from fraudulent or illegitimate actors,
real or perceived scarcity, and political, economic, regulatory or other conditions. Pricing may be the result of, and may continue to
result in, speculation regarding future appreciation in the value of digital assets, or our share price, inflating and making their market
prices more volatile or creating bubble type risks for both Bitcoin and our shares of common stock. 

We lack a significant operating history in
the cryptocurrency mining space, and our focus on this relatively new business is subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties
that could affect our future viability. 

We recently transferred all
our mining activity from former AAI to BNI. While the former AAI has been dissolved, BNI remains a wholly owned subsidiary of our company.
As of the date of this annual report, excluding the investment in our data center in Michigan, we have invested approximately 145 million
towards the development of our new Bitcoin mining business. These investments include the price of the Bitcoin miners, fees payable in
connection with obtaining the ability to enter into the Bitcoin miner purchase contracts, shipping of the Bitcoin miners and third-party
commissions. BNI was formed to conduct our Bitcoin operations, and has assumed the agreements for the acquisition of miners from Bitmain
and other agreements for the acquisition of equipment and services originally entered into by the Former AAI, but has only recently commenced
Bitcoin mining operations. In order to proceed, we have installed miners and mining infrastructure at our mining facility in Michigan,
as well as entered into a long-term contract to purchase electric power from the power grid in our data center in Michigan and use
the power to mine cryptocurrencies. Among the risks and uncertainties are: 

We are currently in discussions with a number of key players in this industry, but have not yet executed
any agreements to purchase the power needed over the 28 megawatts MW we currently possess. While we are in negotiations
with one entity in particular that we believe would increase our available power to approximately 300 MW s at our Michigan facility,
we cannot assure you that we will reach an agreement satisfactory to us with this provider on a timely basis, if at all. Even if we do
obtain that level of energy at our Michigan facility, we will need to obtain more capacity at a different location to be able to install
and power the total of 23,065 miners purchased from Bitmain. If we are able to enter into agreements for additional power, the terms may
not be as attractive as we currently expect, which may inhibit the profitability of this venture; 

There is a limited number of available miners and the demand from competitors is fierce; 

Because of supply chain disruptions including those relating to computer chips, we could in the future
encounter delivery delays or other difficulties with the purchase, installing and operating of our mining equipment at our facility, which
would adversely affect our ability to generate material revenue from our operations; 

There are a growing number of well capitalized cryptocurrency mining companies including some that have
agreed to merge with special purpose acquisition companies, which competitors have significant capital resources, a large supply of miners
and operators with experience in cryptocurrency mining. For example, in 2021 Cipher Mining Inc. and Core Scientific, Inc., large cryptocurrency
mining companies, entered into business combinations with Nasdaq-listed special purpose acquisition vehicles; 

Bans from governments such as China, together with pending legislation in Congress and other regulatory
initiatives threaten the ability to use cryptocurrencies as a medium of exchange; and 

We may not be able to liquidate our holdings of cryptocurrencies at our desired prices if a precipitous
decline in market prices occurs and this could negatively impact our future operations. 

For all of these reasons,
our cryptocurrency mining business may not be successful. 

53 

We may be unable to raise additional capital needed to grow our
Bitcoin business. 

We have operated and expect
to continue to operate at a loss as we continue to establish our business model and as Bitcoin prices continue to be low or decline further.
In addition, we expect to need to raise additional capital to fund our working capital requirements, expand our operations, pursue our
growth strategy and to respond to competitive pressures or working capital requirements. We may not be able to obtain additional debt
or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, which could impair our growth and adversely affect our existing operations. The global
economy, including credit and financial markets, has recently experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including diminished credit
availability, rising interest and inflation rates, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment
rates and uncertainty about economic stability. Such macroeconomic conditions could also make it more difficult for us to incur additional
debt or obtain equity financing. If we raise additional equity financing, our stockholders may experience significant dilution of their
ownership interests, and the per share value of our common stock could decline. Further, if we engage in additional debt financing, the
holders of debt likely would have priority over the holders of our common stock on order of payment preference. We may be required to
accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, take other actions including accepting terms that require us
to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios that could otherwise not be in the interests of our stockholders. Further, the crypto
assets industry has been negatively impacted by recent events such as the bankruptcies of Celsius Network, Voyager Digital, BlockFi, FTX
and Genesis Global. In response to these events, the digital asset markets, including the market for Bitcoin specifically, have experienced
extreme price volatility and several other entities in the digital asset industry have been, and may continue to be, negatively affected,
further undermining confidence in the digital assets markets and in Bitcoin. Increased credit pressures on the cryptocurrency industry,
such as banks, investors and other companies reducing or eliminating their exposure to the cryptocurrency industry through lending, have
had and may continue to have a material impact on our business. In light of conditions impacting our industry, it may be more difficult
for us to obtain equity or debt financing in the future. 

The emergence of competing blockchain platforms
or technologies may harm our business as presently conducted by preventing us from realizing the anticipated profits from our investments
and forcing us to expend additional capital in an effort to adapt. 

If blockchain platforms or
technologies which compete with Bitcoin and its blockchain, including competing cryptocurrencies which our miners may not be able to mine,
such as cryptocurrencies being developed or that may be developed by popular social media platforms, online retailers, or government sponsored
cryptocurrencies, consumers may use such alternative platforms or technologies. If that were to occur, we would face difficulty adapting
to such emergent digital ledgers, blockchains, or alternative platforms, cryptocurrencies or other digital assets. This may adversely
affect us by preventing us from realizing the anticipated profits from our investments and forcing us to expend additional capital in
an effort to adapt. Further, to the extent we cannot adapt, be it due to our specialized miners or otherwise, we could be forced to cease
our mining or other cryptocurrency-related operations. Such circumstances would have a material adverse effect on our business, and
in turn your investment in our securities. 

There is a risk that some or all of the Bitcoin
we hold could be lost or stolen. 

There is a risk that some
or all of the Bitcoin we hold could be lost or stolen. In general, cryptocurrencies are stored in cryptocurrency sites commonly referred
to as wallets by holders of cryptocurrencies which may be accessed to exchange a holder s cryptocurrency assets. Access
to our Bitcoin could also be restricted by cybercrime (such as a denial of service attack). While we plan to take steps to attempt to
secure the Bitcoin we hold, there can be no assurance our efforts to protect our cryptocurrencies will be successful. 

Hackers or malicious actors
may launch attacks to steal, compromise or secure cryptocurrencies, such as by attacking the cryptocurrency network source code, exchange
miners, third-party platforms, cold and hot storage locations or software, or by other means. Any of these events may adversely affect
our operations and, consequently, our ability to generate revenue and become profitable. The loss or destruction of a private key required
to access our digital wallets may be irreversible and we may be denied access for all time to our Bitcoin holdings. Our loss of access
to our private keys or our experience of a data loss relating to our digital wallets could adversely affect our business. 

54 

Cryptocurrencies are controllable
only by the possessor of both the unique public and private keys relating to the local or online digital wallet in which they are held,
which wallet s public key or address is reflected in the network s public blockchain. We will be required to publish the public
key relating to digital wallets in use when we verify the receipt of transfers and disseminate such information into the network, but
we will need to safeguard the private keys relating to such digital wallets. To the extent such private keys are lost, destroyed or otherwise
compromised, we will be unable to access our Bitcoin rewards and such private keys may not be capable of being restored by any network.
Any loss of private keys relating to digital wallets used to store our mined Bitcoin could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations and ability to continue as a going concern, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations
and potentially the value of any Bitcoin we mine. For example, the New York Times reported in January 2021 that about 20 of
existing Bitcoin appears to be lost due to password issues. 

We rely on one or more third parties for depositing,
storing and withdrawing the Bitcoin we receive, which could result in a loss of assets, disputes and other liabilities or risks which
could adversely impact our business. 

We currently use a custodial
wallet to store the Bitcoin we receive. In order to own, transfer and use Bitcoin on the blockchain network, we must have a private and
public key pair associated with a network address, commonly referred to as a wallet. Each wallet is associated with a unique
 public key and private key pair, each of which is a string of alphanumerical characters. To deposit Bitcoin
into our digital wallet, we must direct the transaction to the public key of a wallet that our Gemini custodial account controls and provides
to us, and broadcast the deposit transaction onto the underlying blockchain network. To withdraw Bitcoin from our custodial account, an
assigned account representative must initiate the transaction from our custodial account, then an approver must approve the transaction.
Once the custodian has verified that the request is valid and who the recipient is through Know Your Customer/Anti-Money Laundering protocols,
the custodian then signs a transaction authorizing the transfer. In addition, some cryptocurrency networks require additional
information to be provided in connection with any transfer of cryptocurrency such as Bitcoin. 

A number of errors or other
adverse events can occur in the process of depositing, storing or withdrawing Bitcoin into or from our custodial account, such as typos,
mistakes or the failure to include the information required by the blockchain network. For instance, a user may incorrectly enter our
wallet s public key or the desired recipient s public key when depositing and withdrawing Bitcoin. Additionally, our reliance
on third parties such as Gemini and the maintenance of keys to access and utilize our digital wallet will expose us to enhanced cybersecurity
risks from unauthorized third parties employing illicit operations such as hacking, phishing and social engineering, notwithstanding the
security systems and safeguards employed by us and others. Cyberattacks upon systems across a variety of industries, including the cryptocurrency
industry, are increasing in frequency, persistence and sophistication and, in many cases, are being conducted by sophisticated, well-funded,
and organized groups and individuals. For example, attacks may be designed to deceive employees and service providers into releasing control
of the systems on which we depend to a hacker, while others may aim to introduce computer viruses or malware into such systems with a
view to stealing confidential or proprietary data. These attacks may occur on our digital wallet or the systems of our third-party service
providers or partners, which could result in asset losses and other adverse consequences. Insurance held by third parties may not cover
related losses. Alternatively, we may inadvertently transfer Bitcoin to a wallet address that we do not own, control or hold the private
keys to. In addition, a Bitcoin wallet address can only be used to send and receive Bitcoin, and if the Bitcoin is inadvertently sent
to an Ethereum or other cryptocurrency wallet address, or if any of the foregoing errors occur, all of the Bitcoin will be permanently
and irretrievably lost with no means of recovery. Such incidents could result in asset loss or disputes, any of which could materially
and adversely affect our business. 

If a malicious actor or botnet obtains control
of more than 50 of the processing power on a cryptocurrency network, such actor or botnet could manipulate blockchains to adversely affect
us, which would adversely affect an investment in our company and our ability to operate. 

If a malicious actor or botnet
(a volunteer or hacked collection of computers controlled by networked software coordinating the actions of the computers) obtains a majority
of the processing power dedicated to mining a cryptocurrency, it may be able to alter blockchains on which transactions of cryptocurrency
reside and rely by constructing fraudulent blocks or preventing certain transactions from completing in a timely manner, or at all. The
malicious actor or botnet could control, exclude or modify the ordering of transactions, though it could not generate new units or transactions
using such control. The malicious actor could double-spend its own cryptocurrency (i.e., spend the same Bitcoin in more
than one transaction) and prevent the confirmation of other users transactions for as long as it maintained control. To the extent
that such malicious actor or botnet does not yield its control of the processing power on the network or the cryptocurrency community
does not reject the fraudulent blocks as malicious, reversing any changes made to blockchains may not be possible. The foregoing description
is not the only means by which the entirety of blockchains or cryptocurrencies may be compromised but is only an example. 

55 

Although we are unaware of
any reports of malicious activity or control of blockchains achieved through controlling over 50 of the processing power on the network,
it is believed that certain mining pools may have exceeded the 50 threshold in Bitcoin. The possible crossing of the 50 threshold indicates
a greater risk that a single mining pool could exert authority over the validation of Bitcoin transactions. To the extent that the Bitcoin
community, and the administrators of mining pools, do not act to ensure greater decentralization of Bitcoin mining processing power, the
feasibility of a botnet or malicious actor obtaining control of the blockchain s processing power will increase, because such botnet
or malicious actor could more readily infiltrate and seize control over the blockchain by compromising a single mining pool, if the mining
pool compromises more than 50 of the mining power on the blockchain, than it could if the mining pool had a smaller share of the blockchain s
total hashing power. Conversely, if the blockchain remains decentralized it is inherently more difficult for the botnet or malicious actor
to aggregate enough processing power to gain control of the blockchain. If this were to occur, the public may lose confidence in the Bitcoin
blockchain, and blockchain technology more generally. This would likely have a material and adverse effect on the price of Bitcoin, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial results and operations, and harm investors. 

Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Operations Legal and Regulatory 

We are subject to a highly evolving regulatory landscape and any
adverse changes to, or our failure to comply with, any laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, prospects or operations. 

Our business is subject to
extensive laws, rules, regulations, policies and legal and regulatory guidance, including those governing securities, commodities, crypto
asset custody, exchange and transfer, data governance, data protection, cybersecurity and tax. Many of these legal and regulatory regimes
were adopted prior to the advent of the Internet, mobile technologies, crypto assets and related technologies. As a result, they do not
contemplate or address unique issues associated with the crypto economy, are subject to significant uncertainty, and vary widely across
U.S. federal, state and local and international jurisdictions. These legal and regulatory regimes, including the laws, rules and regulations
thereunder, evolve frequently and may be modified, interpreted and applied in an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another,
and may conflict with one another. Moreover, the complexity and evolving nature of our business and the significant uncertainty surrounding
the regulation of the crypto economy requires us to exercise our judgement as to whether certain laws, rules and regulations apply to
us, and it is possible that governmental bodies and regulators may disagree with our conclusions. To the extent we have not complied with
such laws, rules and regulations, we could be subject to significant fines and other regulatory consequences, which could adversely affect
our business, prospects or operations. As Bitcoin has grown in popularity and in market size, the Federal Reserve Board, U.S. Congress
and certain U.S. agencies (e.g., the CFTC, SEC, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN and the Federal Bureau
of Investigation) have begun to examine the operations of the Bitcoin network, Bitcoin users and the Bitcoin exchange market. Regulatory
developments and/or our business activities may require us to comply with certain regulatory regimes. For example, to the extent that
our activities cause us to be deemed a money service business under the regulations promulgated by FinCEN under the authority of the U.S.
Bank Secrecy Act, we may be required to comply with FinCEN regulations, including those that would mandate us to implement certain anti-money
laundering programs, make certain reports to FinCEN and maintain certain records. 

On November 23, 2022, the
governor of New York signed into law a two year moratorium on new or renewed permits for certain electricity-generating facilities that
use fossil fuel and provide energy for proof-of-work digital asset mining operations. While this action does not directly impact our current
operations, as our power generation plans are currently located in Michigan and we have no plans to establish any facilities in New York,
it may be the beginning of a new wave of climate change regulations aimed at preventing or reducing the growth of Bitcoin mining in jurisdictions
in the United States, including potentially jurisdictions in which we now operate or may in the future operate. The above-described developments
could also demonstrate the beginning of a regional or global regulatory trend in response to environmental and energy preservation or
other concerns surrounding crypto assets, and similar action in a jurisdiction in which we operate or in general could have a devastating
effect on our operations. If further regulation follows, it is possible that the Bitcoin mining industry may not be able to adjust to
a sudden and dramatic overhaul to our ability to deploy energy towards the operation of mining equipment. We are not currently aware of
any legislation in Michigan being a near-term possibility. If further regulatory action is taken by various governmental entities, our
business may suffer and investors in our securities may lose part or all of their investment. 

We cannot quantify the effects
of this regulatory action on our industry as a whole. If further regulation follows, it is possible that our industry may not be able
to cope with the sudden and extreme loss of mining power. Because we are unable to influence or predict future regulatory actions taken
by governments in China, the United States, or elsewhere, we may have little opportunity or ability to respond to rapidly evolving regulatory
positions which may have a materially adverse effect on our industry and, therefore, our business and results of operations. 

56 

Ongoing and future regulatory actions may impact
our ability to continue to operate, and such actions could affect our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our strategy
at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations. 

The crypto economy is novel and has little to no access to policymakers
or lobbying organizations, which may harm our ability to effectively react to proposed legislation and regulation of crypto assets or
crypto asset platforms adverse to our business. 

As crypto assets have grown
in both popularity and market size, various U.S. federal, state and local and foreign governmental organizations, consumer agencies and
public advocacy groups have been examining the operations of crypto networks, users and platforms, with a focus on how crypto assets can
be used to launder the proceeds of illegal activities, fund criminal or terrorist enterprises, and the safety and soundness of platforms
and other service providers that hold crypto assets for users. Many of these entities have called for heightened regulatory oversight,
and have issued consumer advisories describing the risks posed by crypto assets to users and investors. For instance, in July 2019, then-U.S.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin stated that he had very serious concerns about crypto assets. In recent months, members
of Congress have made inquiries into the regulation of crypto assets, and Gary Gensler, Chair of the Commission, has made public statements
regarding increased regulatory oversight of crypto assets. Outside the United States, several jurisdictions have banned so-called initial
coin offerings, such as China and South Korea, while Canada, Singapore, Hong Kong, have opined that token offerings may constitute securities
offerings subject to local securities regulations. In July 2019, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority proposed rules
to address harm to retail customers arising from the sale of derivatives and exchange-traded notes that reference certain types of crypto
assets, contending that they are ill-suited to retail investors due to extreme volatility, valuation challenges and association
with financial crimes. In May 2021, the Chinese government called for a crackdown on Bitcoin mining and trading, and in September 2021,
Chinese regulators instituted a blanket ban on all crypto mining and transactions, including overseas crypto exchange services taking
place in China, effectively making all crypto-related activities illegal in China. In January 2022, the Central Bank of Russia called
for a ban on cryptocurrency activities ranging from mining to trading, and on March 8, 2022, President Biden announced an executive order
on cryptocurrencies which seeks to establish a unified federal regulatory regime for currencies. 

The crypto economy is novel
and has little to no access to policymakers and lobbying organizations in many jurisdictions. Competitors from other, more established
industries, including traditional financial services, may have greater access to lobbyists or governmental officials, and regulators that
are concerned about the potential for crypto assets for illicit usage may affect statutory and regulatory changes with minimal or discounted
inputs from the crypto economy. As a result, new laws and regulations may be proposed and adopted in the United States and internationally,
or existing laws and regulations may be interpreted in new ways, that harm the crypto economy or crypto asset platforms, which could adversely
impact our business. 

Pending regulation
related to electricity consumption by mining companies may impact our result of operation. 

On
September 16, 2022, the U.S. Department of the Treasury Treasury ), the Department of Justice (the DOJ ), and
other U.S. government agencies released eight reports (the Reports ), including Action Plan to Address Illicit Financial
Risks of Digital Assets issued by Treasury, Crypto-Assets: Implications for Consumers, Investors and Businesses issued by Treasury,
The Future of Money and Payments issued by Treasury, Climate and Energy Implications of Crypto-Assets in the United States issued
by the White House, Policy Objectives for a U.S. Central Bank Digital Currency System issued by the White House, Technical Evaluation
for a U.S. Central Bank Digital Currency System issued by the White House, The Role of Law Enforcement in Directing, Investigating,
and Prosecuting Criminal Activity Related to Digital Assets issued by the DOJ, and Responsible Advancement of US Competitiveness
in Digital Assets issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce. The Reports were issued in response to White House Executive Order 14067
on Ensuring Responsible Development of Digital Assets, which calls for a whole-of-government alignment of the federal government s
approach to digital assets. 

In December 2022, Senator
Edward J. Markey, Chair of the Senate Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Clean Air, Climate, and Nuclear Safety, and Representative
Jared Huffman Senate introduced the Crypto-Asset Environmental Transparency Act. The legislation would require the Environmental Protection
Agency to conduct a comprehensive impact study of U.S. crypto mining activity and require the reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from
crypto mining operations that consume more than 5 megawatts of power. If the bill is passed by both the Senate and the House and
signed into law, mining facilities may be required to report greenhouse gas emissions and to obtain permits and the price to rent
mining facilities may increase. If the price increase significantly and if we are not able to find alternative facilities with reasonable
price acceptable to us, our operation will be disrupted and our results of operation will be negatively impact. 

57 

A particular digital asset s status as
a security in any relevant jurisdiction is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and if we did not or are unable to properly
characterize our digital assets, we may become subject to regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines and other penalties, which may adversely
affect our business, operating results and financial condition. A determination that Bitcoin is a security may adversely
affect the value of Bitcoin and our business. 

The SEC and its staff have
taken the position that certain digital assets fall within the definition of a security under U.S. federal securities laws.
The legal test for determining whether any given digital asset is a security is a highly complex, fact-driven analysis. Our determination
that the digital assets we hold are not securities is a risk-based assessment and not a legal standard or one binding on regulators. The
SEC generally does not provide advance guidance or confirmation on the status of any particular digital asset as a security. It is possible
that a change in the governing administration or the appointment of new SEC commissioners could impact the views of the SEC and its staff.
Public statements made by senior officials at the SEC indicate that the SEC does not intend to take the position that Bitcoin is a security
(as currently offered and sold; in this context, it should be noted that we have no intention of conducting any initial coin offerings).
However, such statements are not official policy statements by the SEC and reflect only the speakers views, which are not binding
on the SEC or any other agency or court and cannot be generalized to any other digital asset. As of April __, 2023, with the exception
of certain centrally issued digital assets that have received no-action letters from the SEC staff, Bitcoin and Ethereum s
ether are the only digital assets which senior officials at the SEC have publicly stated are unlikely to be considered securities. As
a Bitcoin mining company, we do not believe we are an issuer of any securities as defined under U.S. federal securities
laws. Our internal process for determining whether the digital assets we hold or plan to hold is based upon the public statements of the
SEC and existing case law. Although the SEC s Strategic Hub for Innovation and Financial Technology published a framework for analyzing
whether any given digital asset is a security in April 2019, this framework is not a rule, regulation or statement of the SEC and is not
binding on the SEC. 

The classification of a digital
asset as a security under applicable law has wide-ranging implications for the regulatory obligations that flow from the offer, sale,
trading and clearing of such assets. For example, a digital asset that is a security may generally only be offered or sold pursuant to
a registration statement filed with the SEC or in an offering that qualifies for an exemption from registration. Persons that effect transactions
in digital assets that are securities may be subject to registration with the SEC as a broker or dealer. Platforms
that bring together purchasers and sellers to trade digital assets that are securities are generally subject to registration as national
securities exchanges, or must qualify for an exemption, such as by being operated by a registered broker-dealer as an alternative trading
system ATS ), in compliance with rules for ATS s. Persons facilitating clearing and settlement of securities may be
subject to registration with the SEC as a clearing agency. 

We analyze whether the digital
assets that we mine, hold and sell for our own account could be deemed to be a
 security under applicable laws. Our procedures do not constitute a legal standard, but rather represent our management s
assessment regarding the likelihood that a particular digital asset could be deemed a security under applicable laws. Regardless
of our conclusions, we could be subject to legal or regulatory action in the event the SEC, a foreign regulatory authority, or a court
were to determine that a digital asset currently held by us is a security under applicable laws. If the digital assets mined
and held by us are deemed securities, it could limit distributions, transfers or other actions involving such digital assets, including
mining. 

There can be no assurances
that we have properly characterized any given digital asset as a security or non-security for purposes of determining which digital assets
to mine, hold and trade, or that the SEC, or a court, if the question was presented to it, would agree with our assessment. We could be
subject to judicial or administrative sanctions for failing to offer or sell digital assets in compliance with the registration requirements,
or for acting as a broker or dealer without appropriate registration. Such an action could result in injunctions, cease and desist orders,
as well as civil monetary penalties, fines, and disgorgement, criminal liability, and reputational harm. For instance, all transactions
in such supported digital asset would have to be registered with the SEC, or conducted in accordance with an exemption from registration,
which could severely limit its liquidity, usability and transactability. Further, it could draw negative publicity and a decline in the
general acceptance of the digital asset. Also, it may make it difficult for such digital asset to be traded, cleared and custodied as
compared to other digital assets that are not considered to be securities. 

Several foreign jurisdictions
have taken a broad-based approach to classifying crypto assets as securities, while other foreign jurisdictions, such as
Switzerland, Malta, and Singapore, have adopted a narrower approach. As a result, certain crypto assets may be deemed to be a security 
under the laws of some jurisdictions but not others. Various foreign jurisdictions may, in the future, adopt additional laws, regulations,
or directives that affect the characterization of crypto assets as securities. If Bitcoin or any other supported crypto
asset is deemed to be a security under any U.S. federal, state, or foreign jurisdiction, or in a proceeding in a court of law or otherwise,
it may have adverse consequences for such supported crypto asset. For instance, all transactions in such supported crypto asset would
have to be registered with the SEC or other foreign authority, or conducted in accordance with an exemption from registration, which could
severely limit its liquidity, usability and transactability. Moreover, the networks on which such supported crypto assets are utilized
may be required to be regulated as securities intermediaries, and subject to applicable rules, which could effectively render the network
impracticable for its existing purposes. 

58 

Current interpretations require the regulation
of Bitcoin under the Commodity Exchange Act by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and we may be required to register and comply
with such regulations. Any disruption of our operations in response to the changed regulatory circumstances may be at a time that is disadvantageous
to our investors. 

Current and future legislation,
regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC and other regulatory developments, including interpretations
released by a regulatory authority, may impact the manner in which Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are treated for classification and
clearing purposes. In particular, derivatives on these assets are not excluded from the definition of commodity future by
the CFTC. We cannot be certain as to how future regulatory developments will impact the treatment of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies
under the law. 

Bitcoin has been deemed to
fall within the definition of a commodity and, we may be required to register and comply with additional regulation under the Commodity
Exchange Act, including additional periodic report and disclosure standards and requirements. Moreover, we may be required to register
as a commodity pool operator and to register as a commodity pool with the CFTC through the National Futures Association. Such additional
registrations may result in extraordinary, non-recurring expenses, thereby materially and adversely impacting an investment in us.
If we determine not to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, we may seek to cease certain of our operations.
Any such action may adversely affect an investment in us. 

Additionally, governments
may develop and deploy their own blockchain-based digital assets, which may have a material adverse impact on Bitcoin s price
and utility. 

Governmental action against digital assets
and Bitcoin mining may have a materially adverse effect on the industry, and could affect us if widely adopted. 

We and the cryptocurrencies
on which our operations will depend are and could become subject to bans and other regulations aimed at preventing what are perceived
as some of the negative attributes of Bitcoin and Bitcoin mining. For example, on September 24, 2021, China declared all transactions
in and mining of cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, illegal. While the ultimate long-term effect of this ban remains uncertain,
it could significantly hinder our prospects by limiting a large market for cryptocurrencies within a growing economy. In the hours
following China s announcement of the ban, the price of Bitcoin, which is tied to some extent to public perception of its future
value as a form of currency, dropped by nearly 4,000. The ban followed piecemeal regulatory action within China against cryptocurrencies,
which was due in part to concerns about the potential for manipulative practices and excessive energy consumption. This could demonstrate
the beginning of a regional or global regulatory trend in response to these or other concerns surrounding cryptocurrencies, and similar
action in a jurisdiction in which we operate or in general could have devastating effects to our operations. If further regulation follows,
it is possible that our industry may not be able to adjust to a sudden and dramatic overhaul to our ability to deploy energy towards the
operation of mining equipment. 

Because we are unable to influence
or predict future regulatory actions taken by governments, we may face difficulty monitoring and responding to rapid regulatory developments
affecting Bitcoin mining, which may have a materially adverse effect on our industry and, therefore, our business and results of operations.
If further regulatory action is taken by governments in the U.S., our business may be materially harmed, and you could lose some or all
of your investment. 

The markets for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies
and the existing markets may be under-regulated and, as a result, the market price of Bitcoin may be subject to significant volatility
or manipulation, which could decrease consumer confidence in cryptocurrencies and have a materially adverse effect on our business and
results of operations. 

Cryptocurrencies that are
represented and trade on a ledger-based platform and those who hold them may not enjoy the same benefits as traditional securities
available on trading markets and their investors. Stock exchanges have listing requirements and vet issuers, requiring them to be subjected
to rigorous listing standards and rules, and monitor investors transacting on such platform for fraud and other improprieties. These conditions
may not necessarily be replicated on a distributed ledger platform, depending on the platform s controls and other policies. The
more lax a distributed ledger platform is about vetting issuers of cryptocurrency assets or users that transact on the platform, the higher
the potential risk for fraud or the manipulation of the ledger due to a control event. We believe that Bitcoin is not a security under
federal and state law. 

59 

Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency
market prices have historically been volatile, are impacted by a variety of factors, and are determined primarily using data from various
exchanges, over-the-counter markets and derivative platforms. Furthermore, such prices may be subject to factors such as those that
impact commodities, more so than business activities, which could be subjected to additional influence from fraudulent or illegitimate
actors, real or perceived scarcity, and political, economic, regulatory or other conditions. Pricing may be the result of, and may continue
to result in, speculation regarding future appreciation in the value of cryptocurrencies, or our share price, making their market prices
more volatile or creating bubble type risks for both Bitcoin and shares of our common stock. 

These factors may inhibit
consumer trust in and market acceptance of cryptocurrencies as a means of exchange which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects, or operations and potentially the value of any Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies we mine or otherwise acquire. 

We are subject to risks associated with our
need for significant electrical power. Government regulators may potentially restrict the ability of electricity suppliers to provide
electricity to mining operations, such as ours. 

The operation of a Bitcoin
or other Bitcoin mine can require massive amounts of electrical power. We presently have access to 28 megawatt capacity at our Facility,
but require an additional 37 megawatt capacity to operate the miners that we expect to receive from Bitmain during 2022. Our mining operations
can only be successful and ultimately profitable if the costs, including electrical power costs, associated with mining a Bitcoin are
lower than the price of a Bitcoin. As a result, any mine we establish can only be successful if we can obtain sufficient electrical power
for that mine on a cost-effective basis, and our establishment of new mines requires us to find locations where that is the case. There
may be significant competition for suitable mine locations, and government regulators may potentially restrict the ability of electricity
suppliers to provide electricity to mining operations in times of electricity shortage or may otherwise potentially restrict or prohibit
the provision or electricity to mining operations. Any shortage of electricity supply or increase in electricity cost in a jurisdiction
may negatively impact the viability and the expected economic return for Bitcoin mining activities in that jurisdiction. 

Our interactions with a blockchain may expose
us to specially designated nationals or blocked persons or cause us to violate provisions of law that did not contemplate distributed
ledger technology. 

The Office of Financial Assets
Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury OFAC requires us to comply with its sanction program and not conduct business
with persons named on its specially designated nationals SDN list. However, because of the pseudonymous nature of blockchain
transactions, we may inadvertently and without our knowledge engage in transactions with persons named on OFAC s SDN list. Our internal
policies prohibit any transactions with such SDN individuals, but we may not be adequately capable of determining the ultimate identity
of the individual with whom we transact with respect to selling digital assets. In addition, in the future OFAC or another regulator may
require us to screen transactions for OFAC addresses or other bad actors before including such transactions in a block, which may increase
our compliance costs, decrease our anticipated transaction fees and lead to decreased traffic on our network. Any of these factors, consequently,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

Moreover, federal law prohibits
any U.S. person from knowingly or unknowingly possessing any visual depiction commonly known as child pornography. Recent media reports
have suggested that persons have imbedded such depictions on one or more blockchains. Because our business requires us to download and
retain one or more blockchains to effectuate our ongoing business, it is possible that such digital ledgers contain prohibited depictions
without our knowledge or consent. To the extent government enforcement authorities literally enforce these and other laws and regulations
that are impacted by decentralized distributed ledger technology, we may be subject to investigation, administrative or court proceedings,
and civil or criminal monetary fines and penalties, all of which could harm our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on
our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Operations Technological 

Cryptocurrencies face significant
scaling obstacles that can lead to high fees or slow transaction settlement times and attempts to increase the volume of transactions
may not be effective, which could adversely affect an investment in our securities. 

Cryptocurrencies face significant
scaling obstacles that can lead to high fees or slow transaction settlement times and attempts to increase the volume of transactions
may not be effective. Scaling cryptocurrencies is essential to the widespread acceptance of cryptocurrencies as a means of payment, which
widespread acceptance is necessary to the continued growth and development of our business. Many Bitcoin networks face significant scaling
challenges. For example, cryptocurrencies are limited with respect to how many transactions can occur per second. Participants in the
Bitcoin ecosystem debate potential approaches to increasing the average number of transactions per second that the network can handle
and have implemented mechanisms or are researching ways to increase scale, such as increasing the allowable sizes of blocks, and therefore
the number of transactions per block, and sharding (a horizontal partition of data in a database or search engine), which would not require
every single transaction to be included in every single miner s or validator s block. However, there is no guarantee that
any of the mechanisms in place or being explored for increasing the scale of settlement of Bitcoin transactions will be effective, or
how long they will take to become effective, which could adversely affect an investment in our securities. 

60 

There is a possibility of Bitcoin mining algorithms
transitioning to proof of stake validation and other mining related risks, which could make us less competitive and ultimately adversely
affect our business and the value of our shares. 

The protocol pursuant to which
transactions are confirmed automatically on the Bitcoin blockchain through mining is known as proof of work. Proof of stake is an alternative
method in validating digital asset transactions. Should the Bitcoin algorithm shift from a proof of work validation method to a proof
of stake method, mining would require less energy and may render any company that maintains advantages in the current climate (for example,
from lower priced electricity, processing, real estate, or hosting) less competitive. We, as a result of our efforts to optimize and improve
the efficiency of our Bitcoin mining operations, may be exposed to the risk in the future of losing the benefit of our capital investments
and the competitive advantage we hope to gain from this as a result, and may be negatively impacted if a switch to proof of stake validation
were to occur. This may additionally have an impact on other various investments of ours. Such events could have a material adverse effect
on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our business strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any Bitcoin or other digital assets we mine or otherwise acquire or
hold for our own account. 

Bitcoin is subject to halving, meaning that
the Bitcoin rewarded for solving a block will be reduced in the future and its value may not commensurately adjust to compensate us for
such reductions, and the overall supply of Bitcoin is finite. 

Bitcoin is subject to halving, 
which is the process by which the Bitcoin reward for solving a block is reduced by 50 for every 210,000 blocks that are solved. This
means that the amount of Bitcoin we (or any other mining company) are rewarded for solving a block in the blockchain is permanently cut
in half. For example, the latest halving having occurred in May 2020, with a revised payout of 6.25 Bitcoin per block solved, down
from the previous reward rate of 12.5 Bitcoin per block solved. There can be no assurance that the price of Bitcoin will sufficiently
increase to justify the increasingly high costs of mining for Bitcoin given the halving feature. If a corresponding and proportionate
increase in the trading price of these cryptocurrencies does not follow these anticipated halving events, the revenue we earn from our
mining operations would see a corresponding decrease, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. To illustrate,
even if the price of Bitcoin remains at its current price, all other factors being equal (including the same number of miners and a stable
hash rate), our revenue would decrease substantially upon the next halving. 

Further, due to the halving
process, unless the underlying code of the Bitcoin blockchain is altered (which may be unlikely given its decentralized nature), the supply
of Bitcoin is finite. Once 21 million Bitcoin have been generated by virtue of solving blocks in the blockchain, the network will
stop producing more which is anticipated to occur in approximately 2140. Currently, there are approximately 19 million Bitcoin in
circulation representing about 90 of the total supply of Bitcoin under the current source code. For the foregoing reasons, the halving
feature exposes us to inherent uncertainty and reliance upon the historically volatile price of Bitcoin, rendering an investment in us
particularly speculative, especially in the long-term. If the price of Bitcoin does not significantly increase in value, your investment
in our common stock could decline significantly. 

Bitcoin has forked multiple times and additional
forks may occur in the future which may affect the value of Bitcoin that we hold or mine. 

To the extent that a significant
majority of users and mining companies on a cryptocurrency network install software that changes the cryptocurrency network or properties
of a cryptocurrency, including the irreversibility of transactions and limitations on the mining of new cryptocurrency, the cryptocurrency
network would be subject to new protocols and software. However, if less than a significant majority of users and mining companies on
the cryptocurrency network consent to the proposed modification, and the modification is not compatible with the software prior to its
modification, the consequence would be what is known as a fork of the network, with one prong running the pre-modified software
and the other running the modified software. The effect of such a fork would be the existence of two versions of the cryptocurrency running
in parallel yet lacking interchangeability and necessitating exchange-type transaction to convert currencies between the two forks.
Additionally, it may be unclear following a fork which fork represents the original cryptocurrency and which is the new cryptocurrency.
Different metrics adopted by industry participants to determine which is the original asset include: referring to the wishes of the core
developers of a cryptocurrency, blockchains with the greatest amount of hashing power contributed by miners or validators; or blockchains
with the longest chain. A fork in the network of a particular cryptocurrency could adversely affect an investment in our securities or
our ability to operate. 

61 

Since August 1, 2017,
Bitcoin s blockchain was forked multiple times creating alternative versions of the cryptocurrency such as Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin
Gold and Bitcoin SV. The forks resulted in a new blockchain being created with a shared history, and a new path forward. The value
of the newly created versions including Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin Gold and Bitcoin SV may or may not have value in the long run and may affect
the price of Bitcoin if interest is shifted away from Bitcoin to the newly created cryptocurrencies. The value of Bitcoin after the creation
of a fork is subject to many factors including the value of the fork product, market reaction to the creation of the fork product, and
the occurrence of forks in the future. As such, the value of Bitcoin could be materially reduced if existing and future forks have a negative
effect on Bitcoin s value. 

The characteristics of crypto assets have been,
and may in the future continue to be, exploited to facilitate illegal activity such as fraud, money laundering, tax evasion and ransomware
scams; if any of our customers do so or are alleged to have done so, it could adversely affect us. 

Digital currencies and the
digital currency industry are relatively new and, in many cases, lightly regulated or largely unregulated. Some types of digital currency
have characteristics, such as the speed with which digital currency transactions can be conducted, the ability to conduct transactions
without the involvement of regulated intermediaries, the ability to engage in transactions across multiple jurisdictions, the irreversible
nature of certain digital currency transactions and encryption technology that anonymizes these transactions, that make digital currency
particularly susceptible to use in illegal activity such as fraud, money laundering, tax evasion and ransomware scams. Two prominent examples
of marketplaces that accepted digital currency payments for illegal activities include Silk Road, an online marketplace on the dark web
that, among other things, facilitated the sale of illegal drugs and forged legal documents using digital currencies and AlphaBay, another
darknet market that utilized digital currencies to hide the locations of its servers and identities of its users. Both of these marketplaces
were investigated and closed by U.S. law enforcement authorities. U.S. regulators, including the SEC, CFTC and Federal Trade Commission,
as well as non-U.S. regulators, have taken legal action against persons alleged to be engaged in Ponzi schemes and other fraudulent schemes
involving digital currencies. In addition, the FBI has noted the increasing use of digital currency in various ransomware scams. 

While our board and management
believe that our risk management processes and policies in light of current crypto asset market conditions, which include thorough reviews
we conduct as part of our due diligence process, is reasonably designed to detect any such illicit activities conducted by our potential
or existing counterparties, we cannot ensure that we will be able to detect any such illegal activity in all instances. Because the speed,
irreversibility and anonymity of certain digital currency transactions make them more difficult to track, fraudulent transactions may
be more likely to occur. We or our potential banking counterparties may be specifically targeted by individuals seeking to conduct fraudulent
transfers, and it may be difficult or impossible for us to detect and avoid such transactions in certain circumstances. If one of our
customers (or in the case of digital currency exchanges, their customers) were to engage in or be accused of engaging in illegal activities
using digital currency, we could be subject to various fines and sanctions, including limitations on our activities, which could also
cause reputational damage and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Incorrect or fraudulent cryptocurrency transactions
may be irreversible and it is possible that, through computer or human error, or through theft or criminal action, our cryptocurrency
rewards could be transferred in incorrect amounts or to unauthorized third parties. 

Cryptocurrency transactions
are irrevocable and stolen or incorrectly transferred cryptocurrencies may be irretrievable. As a result, any incorrectly executed or
fraudulent cryptocurrency transactions, such as a result of a cybersecurity breach against our Bitcoin holdings, could adversely affect
our investments and assets. This is because cryptocurrency transactions are not, from an administrative perspective, reversible without
the consent and active participation of the recipient of the cryptocurrencies from the transaction. Once a transaction has been verified
and recorded in a block that is added to a blockchain, an incorrect transfer of a cryptocurrency or a theft thereof generally will not
be reversible and we may not have sufficient recourse to recover our losses from any such transfer or theft. Further, it is possible that,
through computer or human error, or through theft or criminal action, our cryptocurrency rewards could be transferred in incorrect amounts
or to unauthorized third parties, or to uncontrolled accounts. If an errant or fraudulent transaction in our Bitcoin were to occur, we
would have very limited means of seeking to reverse the transaction or seek recourse. To the extent that we are unable to recover our
losses from such action, error or theft, such events could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

62 

Because many of our digital assets may in the
future be held by digital asset exchanges, we could face heightened risks from cybersecurity attacks and financial stability of digital
asset exchanges . 

We may transfer our digital
assets from our wallet to digital asset exchanges prior to selling them. Digital assets not held in our wallet are subject to the risks
encountered by digital asset exchanges including a DDoS Attack or other malicious hacking, a sale of the digital asset exchange, loss
of the digital assets by the digital asset exchange and other risks similar to those described herein. We do not expect to maintain a
custodian agreement with any of the digital asset exchanges that may in the future hold our digital assets. These digital asset exchanges
do not provide insurance and may lack the resources to protect against hacking and theft. If this were to occur, we may be materially
and adversely affected. 

Our use of third-party
mining pools exposes us to additional risks. 

We
receive Bitcoin rewards from our mining activity through third-party mining pool operators. Mining pools allow miners to combine their
processing power, increasing their chances of solving a block and getting paid by the network. The rewards are distributed by the pool
operator, proportionally to our contribution to the pool s overall mining power, used to solve a block on the Bitcoin blockchain.
Should the pool operator s system suffer downtime due to a cyber-attack, software malfunction or other issue, it will negatively
impact our ability to mine and receive revenue. Furthermore, we are dependent on the accuracy of the mining pool operator s record
keeping to accurately record the total processing power provided to the pool for a given Bitcoin mining application in order to assess
the proportion of that total processing power we provided. While we have internal methods of tracking both the hash rate we provide and
the total used by the pool, the mining pool operator uses its own record-keeping to determine our proportion of a given reward, which
may not match our own. If we are unable to consistently obtain accurate proportionate rewards from our mining pool operators, we may experience
reduced reward for our efforts, which would have an adverse effect on our business and operations. 

Risks Related to Our Status as a Holding
Company 

Our inability to successfully integrate new
acquisitions could adversely affect our combined business; our operations are widely disbursed. 

Our
growth strategy through acquisitions is fraught with risk. On June 2, 2017, we acquired a majority interest in Microphase, on May 23,
2018 we acquired Enertec, on November 30, 2020 we acquired Relec, on January 29, 2021 we acquired the Facility in Michigan, on December
16, 2021, we acquired a majority interest in IMHC, on December 22, 2021 we acquired the four Properties in and around Madison, on December
30, 2021, we acquired certain real property located in St. Petersburg, Florida and in June 2022, we acquired a majority interest in SMC.
On December 19, 2022, we acquired substantially all the assets and certain specified liabilities of Circle 8 Crane Service. Our strategy
and business plan are dependent on our ability to successfully integrate Microphase s, Enertec s and our other acquisitions 
operations, particularly those of Relec and Gresham Power. In addition, while we are based in Las Vegas, NV, our finance department is
in Newport Beach, CA, Microphase s operations are located in Shelton, Connecticut, Enertec s operations are located in Karmiel,
Israel, Gresham Power s operations are located in Salisbury, England, Madison is located in or near Wisconsin and the St. Petersburg
property is located in Florida. These distant locations and others that we may become involved with in the future will stretch our resources
and management time. Further, failure to quickly and adequately integrate all of these operations and personnel could adversely affect
our combined business and our ability to achieve our objectives and strategy. No assurance can be given that we will realize synergies
in the areas we currently operate. 

If we make any additional acquisitions, they may disrupt or have
a negative impact on our business. 

We have plans to eventually
make additional acquisitions beyond Microphase, Enertec, Relec, the Facility, IMHC, the Madison Properties, the St. Petersburg property,
SMC and Circle 8 Crane Services. Whenever we make acquisitions, we could have difficulty integrating the acquired companies 
personnel and operations with our own. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired business may not be willing to work for us. We cannot
predict the effect expansion may have on our core business. Regardless of whether we are successful in making an acquisition, the negotiations
could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees and increase our expenses. In addition to the risks described
above, acquisitions are accompanied by a number of inherent risks, including, without limitation, the following: 

If senior management and/or management of future acquired companies terminate their employment prior to
our completion of integration; 

difficulty of integrating acquired products, services or operations; 

integration of new employees and management into our culture while maintaining focus on operating efficiently
and providing consistent, high-quality goods and services; 

63 

potential disruption of the ongoing businesses and distraction of our management and the management of
acquired companies; 

unanticipated issues with transferring customer relationships; 

complexity associated with managing our combined company; 

difficulty of incorporating acquired rights or products into our existing business; 

difficulties in disposing of the excess or idle facilities of an acquired company or business and expenses
in maintaining such facilities; 

difficulties in maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; 

potential impairment of relationships with employees and customers as a result of any integration of new
management personnel; 

potential inability or failure to achieve additional sales and enhance our customer base through cross-marketing
of the products to new and existing customers; 

effect of any government regulations which relate to the business acquired; and 

potential unknown liabilities associated with acquired businesses or product lines, or the need to spend
significant amounts to retool, reposition or modify the marketing and sales of acquired products or the defense of any litigation, whether
or not successful, resulting from actions of the acquired company prior to our acquisition. 

Our business could be severely
impaired if and to the extent that we are unable to succeed in addressing any of these risks or other problems encountered in connection
with these acquisitions, many of which cannot be presently identified, these risks and problems could disrupt our ongoing business, distract
our management and employees, increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. 

We may not be able to successfully identify
suitable acquisition targets and complete acquisitions to meet our growth strategy, and even if we are able to do so, we may not realize
the full anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, and our business, financial conditions and results of operations may suffer. 

Increasing revenues through
acquisitions is one of the key components of our growth strategy. Identifying suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming
and costly, and we may not be able to identify suitable candidates or complete acquisitions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis
or at all. 

We will have to pay cash,
incur debt, or issue equity as consideration in any future acquisitions, each of which could adversely affect our financial condition
or the market price of our common stock. The sale of equity or issuance of equity-linked debt to finance any future acquisitions could
result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed obligations and could limit our
flexibility in managing our business due to covenants or other restrictions contained in debt instruments. 

Further, we may not be able
to realize the anticipated benefits of completed acquisitions. Some acquisition targets may not have a developed business or are experiencing
inefficiencies and incur losses. Additionally, small defense contractors which we consider suitable acquisition targets may be uniquely
dependent on their prior owners and the loss of such owners services following the completion of acquisitions may adversely affect
their business. Therefore, we may lose our investment in the event that the acquired businesses do not develop as planned, we cannot retain
key employees or that we are unable to achieve the anticipated cost efficiencies or reduction of losses. 

Additionally, our acquisitions
have previously required, and any similar future transactions may also require, significant management efforts and expenditures. Regardless
of whether we are successful in making an acquisition, the negotiations could disrupt our ongoing business, divert the attention of our
management and key employees and increase our expenses. 

We face risks with respect to the evaluation and management of future
platform or add-on acquisitions . 

A component of our strategy
is to continue to acquire additional add-on businesses for our existing businesses. Generally, because such acquisition targets are held
privately, we may experience difficulty in evaluating potential target businesses as the information concerning these businesses is not
publicly available. In addition, we and our subsidiary companies may have difficulty effectively managing or integrating acquisitions.
We may experience greater than expected costs or difficulties relating to such acquisition, in which case we might not achieve the anticipated
returns from any particular acquisition, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business and results of
operations. 

64 

We may not be able to successfully fund future
acquisitions of new businesses due to the lack of availability of debt or equity financing at the parent company level on acceptable terms,
which could impede the implementation of our acquisition strategy and materially adversely impact our financial condition, business and
results of operations . 

In order to make future acquisitions,
we intend to raise capital primarily through debt financing, additional equity offerings, the sale of stock or assets of our businesses,
or by undertaking a combination of any of the above. Since the timing and size of acquisitions cannot be readily predicted, we may need
to be able to obtain funding on short notice to benefit fully from attractive acquisition opportunities. Such funding may not be available
on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, the level of our indebtedness that we may incur may impact our ability to borrow. Another
source of capital for us may be the sale of additional shares, subject to market conditions and investor demand for the shares at prices
that we consider to be in the interests of our stockholders. These risks may materially adversely affect our ability to pursue our acquisition
strategy successfully and materially adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 

To service any future indebtedness and other
obligations, we will require a significant amount of cash. 

Our ability to generate cash
depends on many factors beyond our control, and any failure to meet our debt service obligations, of which we currently have very few
but may in the future incur, including our obligations under our indebtedness or future outstanding shares of preferred stock, could harm
our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance any indebtedness and outstanding
preferred stock and to fund working capital needs and planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the
future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, business, legislative, regulatory and other
factors that are beyond our control. 

If our business does not generate
sufficient cash flow from operations or if future borrowings are not available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us and our subsidiaries
to pay our indebtedness or make dividend payments with respect to our any shares of preferred stock that we may issue, or to fund our
other liquidity needs, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness or redeem the preferred stock, on or before the maturity
thereof, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments or seek to raise additional capital, any of which could have a material adverse
effect on us. 

In addition, we may not be
able to effect any of these actions, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our ability to restructure or refinance
our indebtedness or redeem the preferred stock will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such
time. Any refinancing of our debt or financings related to the redemption of any shares of preferred stock that we may issue could be
at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations.
The terms of future debt instruments or preferred stock may limit or prevent us from taking any of these actions. In addition, any failure
to make scheduled payments of interest and principal on any future outstanding indebtedness or dividend payments on any shares of preferred
stock that we may issue could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness or otherwise raise capital on commercially reasonable
terms or at all. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy any future debt service and other obligations, or to refinance
or restructure our obligations on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would have an adverse effect, which could be material, on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Because we face significant competition for
acquisition and business opportunities, including from numerous companies with a business plan similar to ours, it may be difficult for
us to fully execute our business strategy. Additionally, our subsidiaries also operate in highly competitive industries, limiting their
ability to gain or maintain their positions in their respective industries. 

We expect to encounter intense
competition for acquisition and business opportunities from both strategic investors and other entities having a business objective similar
to ours, such as private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), blank check companies including special purpose
acquisition companies, and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the type of businesses that we may acquire. Many
of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources, or more local industry knowledge, or greater access to capital,
than we do, and our financial resources may be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. These factors
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully completing future acquisitions and investments. 

In addition, while we believe
that there are numerous target businesses that we could potentially acquire or invest in, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition
of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. We may need to obtain additional financing
in order to consummate future acquisitions and investment opportunities and cannot assure you that any additional financing will be available
to us on acceptable terms, or at all, or that the terms of our existing financing arrangements will not limit our ability to do so. This
inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing acquisition and investment opportunities. 

65 

Furthermore, our subsidiaries
also face competition from both traditional and new market entrants that may adversely affect them as well, as discussed elsewhere in
these risk factors. 

We may be required to expend substantial sums
in order to bring the companies we have acquired or may acquire in the future, into compliance with the various reporting requirements
applicable to public companies and/or to prepare required financial statements, and such efforts may harm our operating results or be
unsuccessful altogether. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
our management to assess the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting for the companies we acquire and our external
auditor to audit these companies. In order to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we will need to implement or enhance internal control
over financial reporting at acquired companies and evaluate the internal controls. We do not conduct a formal evaluation of companies 
internal control over financial reporting prior to an acquisition. We may be required to hire additional staff and incur substantial costs
to implement the necessary new internal controls at the companies we acquire. Any failure to implement required internal controls, or
difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or increase the risk of material weaknesses in internal
controls, which could, if not remediated, adversely affect our ability to report our financial condition and results of operations in
a timely and accurate manner. 

Future acquisitions or business opportunities
could involve unknown risks that could harm our business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations . 

We are a diversified holding
company that owns interests in a number of different businesses across several industries. We have in the past, and intend in the future,
to acquire businesses or make investments, directly or indirectly through our subsidiaries, that involve unknown risks, some of which
will be particular to the industry in which the investment or acquisition targets operate, including risks in industries with which we
are not familiar or experienced. There can be no assurance our due diligence investigations will identify every matter that could have
a material adverse effect on us or the entities that we may acquire. We may be unable to adequately address the financial, legal and operational
risks raised by such investments or acquisitions, especially if we are unfamiliar with the relevant industry, which can lead to significant
losses on material investments. The realization of any unknown risks could expose us to unanticipated costs and liabilities and prevent
or limit us from realizing the projected benefits of the investments or acquisitions, which could adversely affect our financial condition
and liquidity. In addition, our financial condition, results of operations and the ability to service our debt may be adversely impacted
depending on the specific risks applicable to any business we invest in or acquire and our ability to address those risks. 

We face certain risks associated with the acquisition
or disposition of businesses and lack of control over certain of our investments. 

In pursuing our corporate
strategy, we may acquire, dispose of or exit businesses or reorganize existing investments. The success of this strategy is dependent
upon our ability to identify appropriate opportunities, negotiate transactions on favorable terms and ultimately complete such transactions. 

In the course of our acquisitions,
we may not acquire 100 ownership of certain of our operating subsidiaries or we may face delays in completing certain acquisitions, including
in acquiring full ownership of certain of our operating companies. Once we complete acquisitions or reorganizations there can be no assurance
that we will realize the anticipated benefits of any transaction, including revenue growth, operational efficiencies or expected synergies.
If we fail to recognize some or all of the strategic benefits and synergies expected from a transaction, goodwill and intangible assets
may be impaired in future periods. The negotiations associated with the acquisition and disposition of businesses could also disrupt our
ongoing business, distract management and employees or increase our expenses. 

In addition, we may not be
able to integrate acquisitions successfully and we could incur or assume unknown or unanticipated liabilities or contingencies, which
may impact our results of operations. If we dispose of or otherwise exit certain businesses, there can be no assurance that we will not
incur certain disposition related charges, or that we will be able to reduce overhead related to the divested assets. 

66 

In the ordinary course of
our business, we evaluate the potential disposition of assets and businesses that may no longer help us meet our objectives or that no
longer fit with our broader strategy, such as the planned merger between TOGI and IMHC. When we decide to sell assets or a business, we
may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay the
accomplishment of our strategic objectives, or we may dispose of a business at a price or on terms which are less than we had anticipated.
In addition, there is a risk that we sell a business whose subsequent performance exceeds our expectations, in which case our decision
would have potentially sacrificed enterprise value. 

Our development stage companies may never produce
revenues or income. 

We have made investments in
and own stakes, either majority or minority, in a certain development stage companies. Each of these companies is at an early stage of
development and is subject to all business risks associated with a new enterprise, including constraints on their financial and personnel
resources, lack of established credit, the need to establish meaningful and beneficial vendor and customer relationships and uncertainties
regarding product development and future revenues. We anticipate that many of these companies will continue to incur substantial additional
operating losses for at least the next several years and expect their losses to increase as research and development efforts expand. There
can be no assurance as to when or whether any of these companies will be able to develop significant sources of revenue or that any of
their respective operations will become profitable, even if any of them is able to commercialize any products. As a result, we may not
realize any returns on our investments in these companies for a significant period of time, if at all, which could adversely affect our
business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 

Divestitures and contingent liabilities from
divested businesses could adversely affect our business and financial results . 

We continually evaluate the
performance and strategic fit of all of our businesses and may sell businesses or product lines. Divestitures involve risks, including
difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel, the diversion of management's attention from other business
concerns, the disruption of our business, the potential loss of key employees and the retention of uncertain contingent liabilities, including
environmental liabilities, related to the divested business. When we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty
in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay the achievement of our strategic
objectives. We may also dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less desirable than we had anticipated, which could result
in significant asset impairment charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, that could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may experience greater dis-synergies than expected, the impact
of the divestiture on our revenue growth may be larger than projected, and some divestitures may be dilutive to earnings. There can be
no assurance whether the strategic benefits and expected financial impact of the divestiture will be achieved. We cannot assure you that
we will be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we encounter in divesting a business or product line, and
any divestiture we undertake could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Risks Related to Related Party Transactions 

There may be conflicts of
interest between our company and certain of our related parties and their respective directors and officers which might not be resolved
in our favor. More importantly, there may be conflicts between certain of our related parties and their respective directors and officers
which might not be resolved in our favor. These risks are set forth below appurtenant to the relevant related party. 

Ault Company 

Our relationship with Ault Company may
enhance the difficulty inherent in obtaining financing for us as well as expose us to certain conflicts of interest. 

As of April 17, 2023, Ault Company, of which
Milton C. (Todd) Ault III is the chief executive officer, beneficially owned 52,666,882 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i)
1,658,916 shares of common stock owned, (ii) warrants to purchase 94 shares of common stock that are currently exercisable, (iii) 1,000,000
shares of common stock purchasable by Ault Company pursuant to a securities purchase agreement entered into on June 11, 2021 between
Ault Company and BitNile, (iv) 50,000,000 shares owned by Ault Alpha, of which Ault Company is the sole member of Ault Alpha
GP LLC, the general partner of Ault Alpha, and (v) 7,872 shares owned by Philou Ventures, LLC Philou ), of which Ault 
Company is the Manager, consisting of: (A) 125,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock that are convertible into 2,232 shares of common
stock, (B) warrants to purchase 2,232 shares of common stock that are currently exercisable and (C) 3,408 shares of common stock. As of
April 17, 2023, Ault Company beneficially owned 12.6 of our common stock. 

67 

Given the close relationship
between Ault Company, on the one hand, and our company, on the other, it is not inconceivable that we could enter into additional
securities purchase agreements with Ault Company. 

Although we have relied on
Philou, which no longer beneficially owns a meaningful number of our shares of common stock, to finance us in the past, we cannot assure
you that either Philou or Ault Company will assist us in the future. We would far prefer to rely on these entities assistance
compared to other sources of financing as the terms they provide us are in general more favorable to us than we could obtain elsewhere.
However, Messrs. Ault, Horne and Nisser could face a conflict of interest in that they serve on the board of directors of each of Ault
 Company and our company. If they determine that an investment in our company is not in Ault Company s best interest,
we could be forced to seek financing from other sources that would not necessarily be likely to provide us with equally favorable terms. 

Other conflicts of interest
between us, on the one hand, and Ault Company, on the other hand, may arise relating to commercial or strategic opportunities or
initiatives. Mr. Ault, as the controlling stockholder of Ault Company, may not resolve such conflicts in our favor. For example,
we cannot assure you that Ault Company would not pursue opportunities to provide financing to other entities whether or not it currently
has a relationship with such other entities. Furthermore, our ability to explore alternative sources of financing other than Ault 
Company may be constrained due to Mr. Ault s vision for us and he may not wish for us to receive any financing at all other than
from entities that he controls. 

Alzamend 

Our relationship with Alzamend may expose us
to certain conflicts of interest. 

In August 2020, Alzamend
entered into a securities purchase agreement with our company to sell a convertible promissory note of Alzamend, in the aggregate principal
amount of 50,000 and issue a 5-year warrant to purchase 16,667 of shares of its common stock. The convertible promissory note bears interest
at 8 per annum, which principal and all accrued and unpaid interest was due six months after the date of issuance. The principal and
interest earned on the convertible promissory note was convertible into shares of Alzamend s common stock at 1.50 per share. The
exercise price of the warrant is 3.00 per share. 

In December 2020, we provided
Alzamend 0.8 million in short-term advances and in March of 2021 we entered into an agreement with Alzamend under which we agreed to
purchase 10 million worth of shares of Alzamend s common stock. We paid for the last tranche of 4 million on April 26, 2022. Consequently,
as of the date of this annual report, we have funded an aggregate of 10 million pursuant to the securities purchase agreement and
have thus acquired all of the shares and warrants issuable by Alzamend to us under the agreement. 

Messrs. Horne and Nisser could
face a conflict of interest in that they serve on the board of directors of each of Alzamend and our company. 

Avalanche 

We have lent a substantial amount of funds
to Avalanche, a related party, whose ability to repay us is subject to significant doubt; in addition, we currently beneficially own a
significant percentage of Avalanche s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, for which there is presently no market. 

On September 6, 2017, we entered
into a Loan and Security Agreement with Avalanche (as amended, the AVLP Loan Agreement with an effective date of August
21, 2017 pursuant to which we provided Avalanche a non-revolving credit facility. The AVLP Loan Agreement was increased to up to 20.0
million in June of 2021 and extended to December 31, 2023. Until recently, we held a convertible note issued to us by AVLP in the amount
of 20.0 million (the Prior AVLP Note ). 

While Avalanche received funds
from a third party in the amount of 2.75 million in early April of 2019 in consideration for its issuance of a convertible promissory
note to such third party (the Third Party Note ), 2.7 million was used to pay an outstanding receivable due us and no amount
was used to repay the debt Avalanche owes us pursuant to the AVLP Loan Agreement. On October 12, 2021, Ault Alpha, an affiliate of ours,
repaid the Third Party Note in full and also acquired a warrant to purchase 1.6 million shares of AVLP common stock. In consideration
therefor, AVLP issued Ault Alpha a term note in the principal amount of 3.6 million, which term note had a maturity date of June 30,
2022. 

68 

On June 27, 2022, AVLP exchanged
the term note it had issued to Ault Alpha for a 10 senior secured convertible note in the principal face amount of 3.8 million due June
15, 2024 (the Ault Alpha Note ). The Ault Alpha Note is convertible, subject to adjustment, at 0.50 per share. AVLP also
issued Ault Alpha a warrant to purchase an aggregate of 1,617,647 shares of Avalanche common stock at an exercise price of 0.50. Pursuant
to a security agreement entered into by Avalanche and Ault Alpha, as amended by an intercreditor agreement entered into by and among the
foregoing parties, our company and certain other persons, Ault Alpha has a second priority interest in AVLP s assets securing the
repayment of the Ault Alpha Note. 

On July 11, 2022, AVLP issued
us a 10 senior secured convertible note in the principal face amount of 3.0 million due July 10, 2024 (the AVLP Note ).
The AVLP Note is convertible, subject to adjustment, at 0.50 per share. AVLP also issued us warrants to purchase an aggregate of 41.0
million shares of Avalanche common stock at an exercise price of 0.50. Pursuant to a security agreement entered into by Avalanche and
Ault Alpha, as amended by an intercreditor agreement entered into by and among the foregoing parties, our company and certain other persons,
we have a first priority interest in AVLP s assets securing the repayment of the AVLP Note. 

On June 1, 2022, we converted
the entire principal and accrued interest on the Prior AVLP Note into an aggregate of 51.9 million shares of common stock of Avalanche,
representing approximately 90.2 of Avalanche s issued and outstanding shares of common stock. There is currently no liquid market
for the Avalanche common stock. Consequently, even if we were inclined to sell such shares of common stock on the open market, our ability
to do so would be severely limited. Avalanche is not current in its filings with the Commission and is not required to register the shares
of its common stock underlying the Prior AVLP Note or any other loan arrangement we have made with Avalanche described above. 

There is some doubt as to
whether Avalanche will ever have the ability to repay its debt to us, as well as our ability to sell the shares we beneficially own since
at present there is no market for these shares. If we are unable to recoup our investment in Avalanche in the foreseeable future or at
all, such failure would have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition and future prospects. 

Milton C. Ault, III and William B. Horne, our
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, respectively, and two of our directors are directors of Avalanche. 

Milton C. Ault, III and William
B. Horne, our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, respectively, and two of our directors, are also directors of Avalanche.
Certain conflicts of interest between us, on the one hand, and Avalanche, on the other hand, may arise relating to commercial or strategic
opportunities or initiatives, in addition to the conflicts related to the debt that Avalanche owes us. For example, Messrs. Ault and Horne
may find it difficult to determine how to meet their fiduciary duties to us as well as Avalanche, which could result in a less favorable
result for us than would be the case if they were solely directors of our company. Further, even if Messrs. Ault and Horne were able to
successfully meet their fiduciary obligations to us and Avalanche, the fact that they are members of the board of directors of both companies
could attenuate their ability to focus on our business and best interests, possibly to the detriment of both companies. 

Risks Related to
BNC 

Risks Related to the
transaction with BitNile Metaverse 

BitNile Metaverse
may not obtain approval of its shareholders to issue us the shares we are entitled to. 

As
stated above, on February 8, 2023, we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Agreement with BitNile Metaverse (formerly
known as Ecoark Holdings, Inc.), or BMI, and the other signatories thereto. The Agreement provides that, subject to the terms and conditions
set forth therein, BMI will acquire all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of our then subsidiary, BNC, of which we owned approximately
86 , and the remaining 14 was owned by minority shareholders (the Minority Shareholders ), as well as Ault Iconic (formerly
Ault Media Group) and the securities of Earnity beneficially owned by BNC (which represented approximately 19.9 of the outstanding equity
securities of Earnity as of the date of the Agreement), in exchange for the following: (i) 8,637.5 shares of newly designated Series B
Convertible Preferred Stock of BMI to be issued to our company (the Series B Preferred ), and (ii) 1,362.5 shares of newly
designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of BMI to be issued to the to the Minority Shareholders (the Series C Preferred, 
and together with the Series B Preferred, the Preferred Stock ). The Series B Preferred and the Series C Preferred each have
a stated value of 10,000 per share (the Stated Value ), for a combined stated value of the Preferred Stock to be issued
by BMI, of 100,000,000, and subject to adjustment, are convertible into an aggregate of 400,000,000 shares of common stock of BMI (the
 BMI Common Stock ), which would represent approximately 92.4 of the outstanding BMI Common Stock on a fully-diluted basis
as of the date of the Agreement. However, pending approval of the transaction by BMI s shareholders, the Preferred Stock is subject
to a 19.9 beneficial ownership limitation, including the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock that we acquired from BMI in June of 2022.
The Agreement provides that BMI will seek shareholder approval (the Shareholder Approval following the closing. 

69 

However,
there can be no assurance that BMI will obtain Shareholder Approval on a timely basis, if at all, particularly since we will not be permitted
to vote on that proposal under Nasdaq s rules. Should we not be able to be issued the shares of Preferred Stock that we are entitled
to under the Agreement, we will effectively have sold an asset we determined to be worth 100 million in consideration for shares of BMI
worth far less than that figure. 

If BNC does not successfully
develop its business, the shares that we own as well as those we are entitled to may have very little value, if any. 

We
sold BNC to BMI under the assumption that BNC is worth 100 million, of which we would receive shares of Series B Preferred valued at
 86 million, assuming BMI obtains Shareholder Approval, as discussed above. However, if BNC does not successfully develop its business
within the foreseeable future, it could be required to seek additional capital, which could result in a decrease in the value of our shares
of Series B Preferred, whether due to dilution or the terms of such financing. There can be no assurance that BMI would be able to raise
the requisite financing to maintain or develop its business on reasonably favorable terms, whether to it or to us, if at all. Further,
whether or not BNC seeks or receives additional financing, if its business never develops, then our shares of Series B Preferred will
in all likelihood have no value at all. 

Risks Related to BNC s
Product Offerings 

If BNC fails to retain
existing users or add new users, or if BNC s users decrease their level of engagement with BNC s products, BNC s revenue,
financial results, and business may be significantly harmed. 

The
size of BNC s user base and BNC s users level of engagement across BNC s products are critical to BNC s
success. BNC s financial performance will be significantly determined by BNC s success in adding, retaining, and engaging
active users of BNC s products that deliver ad impressions. User growth and engagement are also impacted by a number of other factors,
including competitive products and services, such as TikTok, that could reduce some users engagement with BNC s products
and services, as well as global and regional business, macroeconomic, and geopolitical conditions. Any future declines in the size of
BNC s active user base, which to date is minimal, may adversely impact BNC s ability to deliver ad impressions and, in turn,
BNC s financial performance. 

If
people do not perceive BNC s products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, BNC may not be able to attract or retain users or
otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. A number of other social networking companies that achieved
early popularity have since seen their active user bases or levels of engagement decline, in some cases precipitously. There is no guarantee
that BNC will not experience a similar inability to generate a significant used baser or, if achieved, subsequent erosion of BNC s
active user base or engagement levels. User engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as BNC introduces new and different products
and services. Any number of factors can negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement, including if: 

users increasingly engage with other competitive products or services; 

BNC fails to introduce new features, products, or services that users find engaging or if BNC introduces
new products or services, or makes changes to existing products and services, that are not favorably received; 

users feel that their experience is diminished as a result of the decisions BNC makes with respect to
the frequency, prominence, format, size, and quality of ads that BNC displays; 

users have difficulty installing, updating, or otherwise accessing BNC s products on mobile devices
as a result of actions by BNC or third parties that BNC relies on to distribute BNC s products and deliver BNC s services; 

BNC is unable to develop products for mobile devices that users find engaging, that work with a variety
of mobile operating systems and networks, and that achieve a high level of market acceptance; 

there are decreases in user sentiment due to questions about the quality or usefulness of BNC s
products or BNC s user data practices, concerns about the nature of content made available on BNC s products, or concerns
related to privacy, safety, security, well-being, or other factors; 

BNC is unable to manage and prioritize information to ensure users are presented with content that is
appropriate, interesting, useful, and relevant to them; 

BNC is unable to obtain or attract engaging third-party content; 

BNC is unable to successfully maintain or grow usage of and engagement with applications that integrate
with BNC s products; 

70 

users adopt new technologies where BNC s products may be displaced in favor of other products or
services, or may not be featured or otherwise available; 

there are changes mandated by legislation, government and regulatory authorities, or litigation that adversely
affect BNC s products or users; 

BNC is unable to offer a number of BNC s products and services in Europe, or are otherwise limited
in BNC s business operations, as a result of European regulators, courts, or legislative bodies determining that BNC s reliance
on Standard Contractual Clauses or other legal bases BNC may rely upon to transfer user data from the European Union to the United States
is invalid; 

there is decreased engagement with BNC s products, or failure to accept BNC s terms of service,
as part of privacy-focused changes that BNC has implemented or may implement in the future, whether voluntarily, in connection with the
General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), the European Union s ePrivacy Directive, the California Privacy Rights
Act CPRA ), or other laws, regulations, or regulatory actions, or otherwise; 

technical or other problems prevent BNC from delivering its products in a rapid and reliable manner or
otherwise affect the user experience, such as security breaches or failure to prevent or limit spam or similar content, or users feel
their experience is diminished as a result of BNC s efforts to protect the security and integrity of the Platform; 

BNC adopts terms, policies, or procedures related to areas such as sharing, content, user data, or advertising,
or BNC takes, or fails to take, actions to enforce BNC s policies, that are perceived negatively by BNC s users or the general
public; 

BNC elects to focus its product decisions on longer-term initiatives that do not prioritize near-term
user growth and engagement; 

BNC makes changes in its user account login or registration processes or changes in how BNC promotes different
products and services across its family of products; 

initiatives designed to attract and retain users and engagement, including the use of new technologies
such as artificial intelligence, are unsuccessful, whether as a result of actions by BNC, its competitors, or other third parties, or
otherwise; 

there is decreased engagement with BNC s products as a result of taxes imposed on the use of social
media or other mobile applications in certain countries, internet shutdowns, or other actions by governments that affect the accessibility
of BNC s products in their countries; 

BNC fails to provide adequate customer service to users, marketers, developers, or other partners; or 

BNC, developers whose products are integrated with BNC s products, or other partners and companies
in BNC s industry are the subject of adverse media reports or other negative publicity, including as a result of BNC s or
its user data practices. 

From
time to time, certain of these factors have negatively affected user retention, growth, and engagement to varying degrees. If BNC are
unable to maintain or increase BNC s user base and user engagement, particularly for BNC s significant revenue-generating
products like Facebook and Instagram, BNC s revenue and financial results may be adversely affected. Any significant decrease in
user retention, growth, or engagement could render BNC s products less attractive to users, marketers, and developers, which is
likely to have a material and adverse impact on BNC s ability to deliver ad impressions and, accordingly, BNC s revenue, business,
financial condition, and results of operations. As the size of BNC s active user base fluctuates in one or more markets from time
to time, BNC will become increasingly dependent on BNC s ability to maintain or increase levels of user engagement and monetization
in order to grow revenue. 

BNC s user growth,
engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, technologies,
products, and standards that BNC does not control. 

The
substantial majority of BNC s revenue is expected to be generated from advertising on mobile devices. There is no guarantee that
popular mobile devices will feature BNC s products, or that mobile device users will ever use BNC s products rather than competing
products. BNC is dependent on the interoperability of BNC s products with popular mobile operating systems, networks, technologies,
products, and standards that BNC does not control, such as the Android and iOS operating systems and mobile browsers. Changes, bugs, or
technical issues in such systems, or changes in BNC s relationships with mobile operating system partners, handset manufacturers,
browser developers, or mobile carriers, or in the content or application of their terms of service or policies that degrade BNC s
products functionality, reduce or eliminate BNC s ability to update or distribute BNC s products, give preferential
treatment to competitive products, limit BNC s ability to deliver, target, or measure the effectiveness of ads, or charge fees related
to the distribution of BNC s products or BNC s delivery of ads have in the past adversely affected, and could in the future
adversely affect, the usage of BNC s products and monetization on mobile devices. 

71 

BNC s products
and changes to such products could fail to attract or retain users or generate revenue and profits, or otherwise adversely affect BNC s
business. 

BNC s
ability to retain, increase, and engage its user base and to increase BNC s revenue depends heavily on BNC s ability to continue
to evolve BNC s existing products and to create successful new products, both independently and in conjunction with developers or
other third parties. BNC may introduce significant changes to BNC s products or acquire or introduce new and unproven products,
including using technologies with which BNC has little or no prior development or operating experience. For example, BNC does not have
significant experience with consumer hardware products or virtual or augmented reality technology, which may adversely affect BNC s
ability to successfully develop and market these products and technologies. BNC will incur substantial costs, and BNC may not be successful
in generating profits, in connection with these efforts. These efforts, including the introduction of new products or changes to existing
products, may result in new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, ethical concerns, or other complications that
could adversely affect BNC s business, reputation, or financial results. If BNC s new products or changes to existing products
fail to engage users, marketers, or developers, or if BNC s business plans are unsuccessful, BNC may fail to attract or retain users
or to generate sufficient revenue, operating margin, or other value to justify BNC s investments, and BNC s business may be
adversely affected. 

BNC may not be successful
in its metaverse strategy and investments, which could adversely affect BNC s business, reputation, or financial results. 

BNC
believes that the metaverse, an embodied internet where people have immersive experiences beyond two-dimensional screens, is the next
evolution in social technology. BNC intends to focus on helping to bring the metaverse to life. BNC expects this will b e
a complex, evolving, and long-term initiative that will involve the development of new and emerging technologies, require significant
investment in infrastructure as well as pri vacy, safety, and security efforts, and collaboration with other companies, developers,
partners, and other participants. However, the metaverse may not develop in accordance with BNC s expectations, and market acceptance
of features, products, or services BNC may build for the metaverse is uncertain. BNC intends to regularly evaluate BNC s product
roadmaps and make significant changes as BNC s understanding of the technological challenges and market landscape and BNC s
product ideas and designs evolve. In addition, BNC has virtually no experience with consumer hardware products and virtual and augmented
reality technology, which may enable other companies to compete more effectively than it can. BNC may be unsuccessful in BNC s future
research and product development efforts, including if BNC is unable to develop relationships with key participants in the metaverse or
develop products that operate effectively with metaverse technologies, products, systems, networks, or standards. BNC hopes to make investments
in virtual and augmented reality and other technologies to support these efforts, and BNC s ability to support these efforts is
dependent on generating sufficient profits from BNC s business. In addition, as BNC s metaverse efforts evolve, BNC may be
subject to a variety of existing or new laws and regulations in the United States and international jurisdictions, including in the areas
of privacy, safety, competition, content regulation, consumer protection, and e-commerce, which may delay or impede the development of
BNC s products and services, increase BNC s operating costs, require significant management time and attention, or otherwise
harm BNC s business. As a result of these or other factors, BNC s metaverse strategy and investments may not be successful
in the foreseeable future, or at all, which could adversely affect BNC s business, reputation, or financial results. 

BNC may not be able
to successfully grow usage of and engagement with applications that integrate with BNC s products. 

BNC
hopes to make investments to enable developers to build, grow, and monetize applications that integrate with BNC s products. Such
existing and prospective developers may not be successful in building, growing, or monetizing applications that create and maintain user
engagement. Additionally, developers may choose to build on other platforms, including platforms controlled by third parties, rather than
building products that integrate with BNC s products. BNC is continuously seeking to balance the distribution objectives of BNC s
developers with BNC s desire to provide an optimal user experience, and BNC may not be successful in achieving a balance that attracts
or retains such developers. In addition, as part of BNC s efforts related to privacy, safety, and security, BNC intends to conduct
investigations and audits of platform applications from time to time. In some instances, these actions will adversely affect BNC s
relationships with developers. If BNC is not successful in BNC s efforts to grow the number of developers that choose to build products
that integrate with BNC s products or if BNC is unable to continue to build and maintain good relations with such developers, BNC s
user growth and user engagement as well as its financial results may be adversely affected. 

72 

Risks Related to BNC s
Business Operations and Financial Results 

Our business is highly
competitive. Competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of BNC s business. 

BNC
expects to compete with companies providing connection, sharing, discovery, and communication products and services to users online, as
well as companies that sell advertising to businesses looking to reach consumers and/or develop tools and systems for managing and optimizing
advertising campaigns. BNC faces significant competition in every aspect of BNC s business, including, but not limited to, companies
that facilitate the ability of users to create, share, communicate, and discover content and information online or enable marketers to
reach their existing or prospective audiences. BNC expects to compete to attract, engage, and retain people who use BNC s products,
to attract and retain businesses that use BNC s free or paid business and advertising services, and to attract and retain developers
who build compelling applications that integrate with BNC s products. BNC also expects to compete with companies that develop and
deliver virtual and augmented reality products and services. As BNC introduces or acquires new products, or as other companies introduce
new products and services, including as part of efforts to develop the metaverse or innovate through the application of new technologies
such as artificial intelligence, BNC may become subject to additional competition. 

Virtually
all BNC s current and potential competitors have greater resources, experience, or stronger competitive positions in the product
segments, geographic regions, or user demographics in which BNC intends to operate than BNC does. For example, some of BNC s competitors
may be domiciled in different countries and subject to political, legal, and regulatory regimes that enable them to compete more effectively
than BNC could. These factors may allow BNC s competitors to respond more effectively than BNC to new or emerging technologies and
changes in market conditions. In the event that users engage with other products and services, BNC may never see any growth in use and
engagement in key user demographics or more broadly, in which case BNC s business would be harmed. 

BNC s
competitors may develop products, features, or services that are similar to its own or that achieve greater acceptance, may undertake
more far-reaching and successful product development efforts or marketing campaigns, or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. Some
competitors may gain a competitive advantage against BNC, including: by making acquisitions; by limiting BNC s ability to deliver,
target, or measure the effectiveness of ads; by imposing fees or other charges related to BNC s delivery of ads; by making access
to BNC s products more difficult or impossible; by making it more difficult to communicate with BNC s users; or by integrating
competing platforms, applications, or features into products they control such as mobile device operating systems, search engines, browsers,
or e-commerce platforms. BNC s competitors may, and in some cases will, acquire and engage users or generate advertising or other
revenue at the expense of BNC s own efforts, which would negatively affect BNC s business and financial results. In addition,
from time to time, BNC may take actions in response to competitive threats, but BNC cannot assure you that these actions will be successful
or that they will not negatively affect BNC s business and financial results. 

Real or perceived
inaccuracies in BNC s community and other metrics may harm BNC s reputation and negatively affect BNC s business. 

The
numbers for BNC s key metrics are calculated using internal company data based on the activity of user accounts, at times augmented
by other sources. While these numbers are based on what BNC believes to be reasonable estimates of BNC s user base for the applicable
period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring usage of BNC s products across online and mobile populations around
the world. The methodologies used to measure these metrics require significant judgment and are also susceptible to algorithm or other
technical errors. In addition, BNC is seeking to establish mechanisms to improve its estimates of its user base, and such estimates may
change due to improvements or changes in BNC s methodology. BNC intends to regularly review BNC s processes for calculating
these metrics, and from time to time BNC expects to discover inaccuracies in these metrics or make adjustments to improve their accuracy. 

The lack of comprehensive
encryption for communications on the Platform may increase the impact of a data security incident. 

Communications
on the Platform are not comprehensively encrypted at this time. As such, any data security incident that involves unauthorized access,
acquisition, disclosure, or use may be highly impactful to BNC s business. BNC may experience considerable incident response forensics,
data recovery, legal fees, and costs of notification related to any such potential incident, and BNC may face an increased risk of reputational
harm, regulatory enforcement, and consumer litigation, which could further harm BNC s business, financial condition, results of
operations, and future business opportunities. 

73 

Risks Related to Government
Regulation and Enforcement 

Actions by governments
that restrict access to BNC s products in their countries, censor or moderate content on BNC s products in their countries,
or otherwise impair BNC s ability to sell advertising in their countries, could substantially harm BNC s business and financial
results. 

BNC
expects that governments will from time to time seek to censor or moderate content available on BNC s products, should such products
ever be developed, distributed and used by customers, in their country, restrict access to BNC s products from their country partially
or entirely, or impose other restrictions that may affect the accessibility of BNC s products in their country for an extended period
of time or indefinitely. In addition, government authorities may seek to restrict user access to BNC s products if they consider
us to be in violation of their laws or a threat to public safety or for other reasons. It is also possible that government authorities
could take action that impairs BNC s ability to sell advertising, including in countries where access to BNC s consumer-facing
products may be blocked or restricted. In the event that content shown on BNC s products is subject to censorship, access to BNC s
products is restricted, in whole or in part, in one or more countries, BNC would be required to or could elect to make changes to BNC s
future operations, or other restrictions are imposed on BNC s products, or BNC s competitors are able to successfully penetrate
new geographic markets or capture a greater share of existing geographic markets that BNC cannot access or where BNC face other restrictions,
BNC s ability to increase BNC s user base, user engagement, or the level of advertising by marketers may be adversely affected,
and BNC may not be able to grow BNC s revenue as anticipated, and BNC s financial results could be adversely affected. 

Our business is subject
to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data use and data protection, content, competition, safety
and consumer protection, e-commerce, and other matters. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation,
and could result in claims, changes to BNC s products and business practices, monetary penalties, increased cost of operations,
or declines in user growth or engagement, or otherwise harm BNC s business. 

BNC
is subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that will involve matters central to BNC s business,
including privacy, data use, data protection and personal information, biometrics, encryption, rights of publicity, content, integrity,
intellectual property, advertising, marketing, distribution, data security, data retention and deletion, data localization and storage,
data disclosure, artificial intelligence and machine learning, electronic contracts and other communications, competition, protection
of minors, consumer protection, civil rights, accessibility, telecommunications, product liability, e-commerce, taxation, economic or
other trade controls including sanctions, anti-corruption and political law compliance, securities law compliance, and online payment
services. The introduction of new products, expansion of BNC s activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions that BNC may
take may subject it to additional laws, regulations, or other government scrutiny. In addition, foreign data protection, privacy, content,
competition, consumer protection, and other laws and regulations can impose different obligations or be more restrictive than those in
the United States. 

These
U.S. federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government
entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. As a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement
of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which BNC operates, and may
be interpreted and applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and inconsistently with BNC s current policies and practices.
For example, regulatory or legislative actions or litigation affecting the manner in which BNC displays content to BNC s users,
moderate content, or obtain consent to various practices could adversely affect user growth and engagement. Such actions could affect
the manner in which BNC provides its services or adversely affect BNC s financial results. 

As
its business develops, BNC expects to become subject to significant legislative and regulatory developments, and proposed or new legislation
and regulations could significantly affect BNC s business in the future. For example, BNC intends to implement certain product changes
and controls as a result of requirements under the European General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), and may implement
additional changes in the future. The interpretation of the GDPR is still evolving and draft decisions in investigations are subject to
review by several European privacy regulators as part of the GDPR s consistency mechanism, which may lead to significant changes
in the final outcome of such investigations. As a result, the interpretation and enforcement of the GDPR, as well as the imposition and
amount of penalties for non-compliance, are subject to significant uncertainty. The California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ),
as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), also establishes certain transparency rules and creates new data
privacy rights for users, including limitations on BNC s use of certain sensitive personal information and more ability for users
to control the purposes for which their data is shared with third parties. Other states have proposed or enacted similar comprehensive
privacy laws that afford users with similar data privacy rights and controls. These laws and regulations are evolving and subject to interpretation,
and resulting limitations on BNC s advertising services, or reductions of advertising by marketers, could adversely affect BNC s
advertising business. 

These
laws and regulations, as well as any associated claims, inquiries, or investigations or any other government actions, have in the past
led to, and may in the future lead to, unfavorable outcomes including increased compliance costs, loss of revenue, delays or impediments
in the development of new products, negative publicity and reputational harm, increased operating costs, diversion of management time
and attention, and remedies that harm BNC s business, including fines or demands or orders that BNC modify or cease existing business
practices. 

74 

Changes in laws affecting gaming
and gambling or the public perception of gaming and gambling may adversely impact our or BNC s business. 

BNC offers a number of products and services,
which may include a selection of gaming options, including games, sweepstakes, gambling, and social gaming experiences. Social gaming
experiences have recently been the subject of civil lawsuits, and some jurisdictions have taken an adverse position to interactive social
gaming, including social casinos and sweepstakes-based gaming. This could lead to states adopting legislation or imposing
a regulatory framework to govern interactive social gaming or social casino or sweepstakes-based gaming specifically. These could also
result in a prohibition on interactive social gaming or social casino or sweepstakes-based gaming altogether, restrict BNC s ability
to advertise its games, or substantially increase BNC or our costs to comply with these regulations, all of which could have an adverse
effect on our or BNC s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. It is not possible to predict the likelihood,
timing, scope, or terms of any such legislation or regulation or the extent to which they may affect our or BNC s business. 

Regulators in the future may pass additional
rules and regulations that could adversely affect our or BNC s business. In May 2019, the World Health Organization adopted a new
edition of its International Classification of Diseases, which lists gaming addiction as a disorder. The American Psychiatric Association APA and U.S. regulators have yet to decide whether gaming addiction should be considered a behavioral disorder, but the
APA has noted that research and the debate on its classification are ongoing. Certain countries, including China and South Korea, have
enacted regulations, such as imposing both gaming curfews and spending limits for minors, and established treatment programs
aimed at addressing gaming addiction. It is not possible to predict the likelihood, timing, scope, or terms of any similar regulations
in any of the markets in which BNC operates, or the extent to which implementation of such regulations may adversely affect our or BNC s
reputation and business. 

Consumer protection and health concerns
regarding games and gambling such as BNC s have been raised in the past and may again be raised in the future. Such concerns could
lead to increased scrutiny over the manner in which BNC s games are designed, developed, distributed, and presented. We and BNC
cannot predict the likelihood, timing or scope of any concern reaching a level that will impact its business, or whether it would suffer
any adverse impacts to our or BNC s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Our reputation may be harmed due
to unfamiliarity or negative press associated with activities BNC is undertaking, including the online metaverse landscape, virtual markets,
real world goods marketplaces, gaming, social activities, sweepstakes, gambling, and digital assets. 

BNC is focused on the development of the
online metaverse landscape and is focused on immersive digital experiences, including virtual markets, real world goods marketplaces,
gaming, social activities, sweepstakes, gambling, and more. The activities BNC is undertaking are based on technology that is relatively
new. Many companies operating in similar industries are unlicensed, unregulated and/or operate without supervision by any governmental
authorities. As a result, users and the general public may lose confidence in BNC s products and services. Companies like BNC that
deal in digital assets are appealing targets for hackers and malware and may also be more likely to be targets of regulatory enforcement
actions. Negative perception, a lack of stability and standardized regulation in the industries in which BNC operates and the failure
of similar companies due to fraud, business failure, hackers or malware, or government mandated regulation, may reduce confidence in our
or BNC s business. Any of these events could have a material and adverse impact on our or BNC s reputation and business. 

We may be subject to regulatory
and other government investigations, enforcement actions, settlements, and other inquiries in the future, which could cause us to incur
substantial costs or require us or BNC to change its business practices in a manner materially adverse to its business. 

Should BNC s business ever expand
to a significant degree, we and BNC s management expects to receive formal and informal inquiries from government authorities and
regulators regarding BNC s compliance with laws and regulations, many of which are evolving and subject to interpretation. In such
a scenario, we and BNC expect to be the subject of investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for information, actions, and audits
in the United States, particularly in the areas of privacy and data protection, including with respect to minors, law enforcement, consumer
protection, civil rights, content moderation, blockchain technologies, sweepstakes, promotions, gaming, gambling, and competition. In
addition, we or BNC may in the future be subject to regulatory orders or consent decrees. 

75 

We or BNC may also
become subject to various litigation and formal and informal inquiries and investigations by competition authorities in the United States,
which may relate to many aspects of BNC s future business, including with respect to users and advertisers, as well as BNC s
industry. Such inquiries, investigations, and lawsuits concern, among other things, BNC s business practices in the areas of social
networking or social media services, digital advertising, gambling, and sweepstakes activities and/or mobile or online applications. 

Orders issued by,
or inquiries or enforcement actions initiated by, government or regulatory authorities could cause us or BNC to incur substantial costs,
expose us to civil and criminal liability (including liability for personnel) or penalties (including substantial monetary remedies),
interrupt or require us or BNC to change its business practices in a manner materially adverse to our or BNC s business (including
changes products or user data practices), result in negative publicity and reputational harm, divert resources and the time and attention
of management from our or BNC s business, or subject us or BNC to other structural or behavioral remedies that adversely affect
our or BNC s business. 

BNC expects, should
its business ever develop, to be subject to regulatory and other government investigations, enforcement actions, settlements and other
inquiries in the future, which could cause us BNC incur substantial costs or require BNC to change its business practices in a manner
materially adverse to its business. 

Should
BNC s business ever expand and to a significant degree, its management expects it to receive formal and informal inquiries from
government authorities and regulators regarding BNC s compliance with laws and regulations, many of which are evolving and subject
to interpretation. In such a scenario, BNC expects to be the subject of investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for information,
actions, and audits in the United States, Europe, and around the world, particularly in the areas of privacy and data protection, including
with respect to minors, law enforcement, consumer protection, civil rights, content moderation, and competition. In addition, BNC may
in the future be subject to regulatory orders or consent decrees. 

BNC
may also become subject to various litigation and formal and informal inquiries and investigations by competition authorities in the United
States, Europe, and other jurisdictions, which may relate to many aspects of BNC s future business, including with respect to users
and advertisers, as well as BNC s industry. Such inquiries, investigations, and lawsuits concern, among other things, BNC s
business practices in the areas of social networking or social media services, digital advertising, and/or mobile or online applications. 

Orders
issued by, or inquiries or enforcement actions initiated by, government or regulatory authorities could cause BNC to incur substantial
costs, expose us to civil and criminal liability (including liability for BNC s personnel) or penalties (including substantial monetary
remedies), interrupt or require BNC to change its business practices in a manner materially adverse to BNC s business (including
changes to BNC s products or user data practices), result in negative publicity and reputational harm, divert resources and the
time and attention of management from BNC s business, or subject it to other structural or behavioral remedies that adversely affect
BNC s business. 

Payment transactions
may subject us to additional regulatory requirements and other risks that could be costly and difficult to comply with or that could harm
BNC s business. 

Several
of BNC s future products may offer payments functionality, including enabling BNC s users to purchase tangible, virtual,
and digital goods from merchants and developers that offer applications using BNC s payment infrastructure, send money to other
users, and make donations to certain charitable organizations, among other activities. BNC is or may become subject to a variety of laws
and regulations in the United States, Europe and elsewhere, including those governing anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing,
money transmission, stored value, gift cards and other prepaid access instruments, electronic funds transfer, virtual currency, consumer
protection, charitable fundraising, trade sanctions, and import and export restrictions. Depending on how BNC s payment products
evolve, BNC may also be subject to other laws and regulations including those governing gambling, banking, and lending. In some jurisdictions,
the application or interpretation of these laws and regulations is not clear. BNC s efforts to comply with these laws and regulations
could be costly and result in diversion of management time and effort and may still not guarantee compliance. In the event that BNC is
found to be in violation of any such legal or regulatory requirements, BNC may be subject to monetary fines or other penalties such as
a cease and desist order, or BNC may be required to make product changes, any of which could have an adverse effect on BNC s business
and financial results. 

76 

Risks Related to Data,
Security, and Intellectual Property 

Security breaches,
improper access to or disclosure of BNC s data or user data, other hacking and phishing attacks on BNC s systems, or other
cyber incidents could harm BNC s reputation and adversely affect BNC s business. 

BNC s
industry is prone to cyber-attacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to BNC s data or users data or to disrupt
BNC s ability to provide service. BNC s products and services involve the collection, storage, processing, and transmission
of a large amount of data. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches and improper access to or disclosure of BNC s data
or user data, including personal information, content, or payment information from users, or information from marketers, could result
in the loss, modification, disclosure, destruction, or other misuse of such data, which could harm BNC s business and reputation
and diminish BNC s competitive position. In addition, computer malware, viruses, social engineering (such as spear phishing attacks),
scraping, and general hacking continue to be prevalent in BNC s industry and are expected to occur on BNC s systems in the
future. BNC expects to regularly encounter attempts to create false or undesirable user accounts, purchase ads, or take other actions
on BNC s platform for purposes such as spamming, spreading misinformation, or other objectionable ends. Such attacks may cause interruptions
to the services BNC intends to provide, degrade the user experience, cause users or marketers to lose confidence and trust in BNC s
products, impair BNC s internal systems, or result in financial harm to BNC. BNC s efforts to protect its data or the information
BNC receives, and to disable undesirable activities on BNC s platform, may also be unsuccessful due to software bugs or other technical
malfunctions; employee, contractor, or vendor error or malfeasance, including defects or vulnerabilities in BNC s vendors 
information technology systems or offerings; government surveillance; breaches of physical security of BNC s facilities or technical
infrastructure; or other threats that evolve. In addition, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or users to disclose
information in order to gain access to BNC s data or BNC s users data. Cyber-attacks continue to evolve in sophistication
and volume, and inherently may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. Although BNC intends to try to develop systems and processes
that are designed to protect BNC s data and user data, to prevent data loss, to disable undesirable accounts and activities on BNC s
platform, and to prevent or detect security breaches, BNC cannot assure you that such measures, if implemented, will provide adequate
security, that BNC will be able to react in a timely manner, or that BNC s remediation efforts will be successful. The changes in
BNC s work environment as a result of certain personnel working remotely could also impact the security of BNC s systems,
as well as BNC s ability to protect against attacks and detect and respond to them quickly. 

In
addition, some of BNC s developers or other partners, such as those that help us measure the effectiveness of ads, may receive or
store information provided by us or by BNC s users through mobile or web applications integrated with BNC s products. BNC
provide limited information to such third parties based on the scope of services provided to us. However, if these third parties or developers
fail to adopt or adhere to adequate data security practices, or in the event of a breach of their networks, BNC s data or BNC s
users data may be improperly accessed, used, or disclosed. 

BNC
expects to experience such cyber-attacks and other security incidents of varying degrees from time to time, and BNC expects to incur significant
costs in protecting against or remediating such incidents. In addition, BNC is subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United
States and abroad relating to cybersecurity and data protection. As a result, affected users or government authorities could initiate
legal or regulatory actions against BNC in connection with any actual or perceived security breaches or improper access to or disclosure
of data, which has occurred in the past and which could cause BNC to incur significant expense and liability or result in orders or consent
decrees forcing BNC to modify its business practices. Such incidents or BNC s efforts to remediate such incidents may also result
in a decline in BNC s active user base or engagement levels. Any of these events could have a material and adverse effect on BNC s
business, reputation, or financial results. 

We anticipate that
BNC s efforts related to privacy, safety, security, and content review will identify additional instances of misuse of user data
or other undesirable activity by third parties on BNC s platform. 

In
addition to BNC s efforts to mitigate cybersecurity risks, BNC intends to make investments in privacy, safety, security, and content
review efforts to combat misuse of BNC s services and user data by third parties, including investigations and audits of platform
applications, as well as other enforcement efforts. As a result of these efforts BNC anticipates that BNC will discover and announce
additional incidents of misuse of user data or other undesirable activity by third parties. BNC may not discover all such incidents or
activity, whether as a result of BNC s data or technical limitations, including BNC s lack of visibility over BNC s
encrypted services, the allocation of resources to other projects, or other factors, and BNC may be notified of such incidents or activity
by the FTC, the media or other third parties. Such incidents and activities may in the future include the use of user data or BNC s
systems in a manner inconsistent with BNC s terms, contracts or policies, the existence of false or undesirable user accounts,
improper advertising practices, activities that threaten people s safety on or offline, or instances of spamming, scraping, data
harvesting, unsecured datasets, or spreading misinformation. BNC may also be unsuccessful in its efforts to enforce BNC s policies
or otherwise remediate any such incidents. Consequences of any of the foregoing developments include negative effects on user trust and
engagement, harm to BNC s reputation, changes to BNC s business practices in a manner adverse to BNC s business, and
adverse effects on BNC s business and financial results. Any such developments may also subject BNC to additional litigation and
regulatory inquiries, which could subject BNC to monetary penalties and damages, divert management s time and attention, and lead
to enhanced regulatory oversight. 

77 

BNC s products
and internal systems rely on software and hardware that is highly technical, and any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities in these systems,
or failures to address or mitigate technical limitations in BNC s systems, could adversely affect BNC s business. 

BNC s
products and internal systems rely on software and hardware, including software and hardware developed or maintained internally and/or
by third parties, that is highly technical and complex. In addition, BNC s products and internal systems depend on the ability of
such software and hardware to store, retrieve, process, and manage considerable amounts of data. The software and hardware on which BNC
relies is expected to contain, errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities, and BNC s systems are subject to certain technical limitations
that may compromise BNC s ability to meet BNC s objectives. Some errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities inherently may be difficult
to detect and may only be discovered after the code has been released for external or internal use. Errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, design
defects, or technical limitations within the software and hardware on which BNC relies, or human error in using such systems, may in the
future lead to outcomes including a negative experience for users and marketers who use BNC s products, compromised ability of BNC s
products to perform in a manner consistent with BNC s terms, contracts, or policies, delayed product introductions or enhancements,
targeting, measurement, or billing errors, compromised ability to protect the data of BNC s users and/or BNC s intellectual
property or other data, or reductions in BNC s ability to provide some or all of BNC s services. In addition, any errors,
bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects in BNC s systems or the software and hardware on which BNC relies, failures to properly address
or mitigate the technical limitations in BNC s systems, or associated degradations or interruptions of service or failures to fulfill
BNC s commitments to BNC s users, are expected to lead to outcomes including damage to BNC s reputation, loss of users,
loss of marketers, prevention of its ability to generate revenue, regulatory inquiries, litigation, or liability for fines, damages, or
other remedies, any of which could adversely affect BNC s business and financial results. 

If BNC is unable to
protect BNC s intellectual property, the value of its brands and other intangible assets may be diminished, and its business may
be adversely affected. 

BNC
relies, and expects to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality, assignment, and license agreements with BNC s employees,
consultants, and third parties with whom BNC has relationships, as well as intellectual property laws, to protect BNC s proprietary
rights. In the United States and internationally, BNC expects to file various applications for protection of certain aspects of BNC s
intellectual property. Third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe BNC s proprietary rights, third parties may challenge
proprietary rights held by BNC in the future, and future trademark and patent applications may not be approved. In addition, effective
intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which BNC operates or intends to operate. In any or all of these
cases, BNC may be required to expend significant time and expense in order to prevent infringement or to enforce BNC s rights. Although
BNC expects to take measures to protect BNC s proprietary rights, there can be no assurance that others will not offer products
or concepts that are substantially similar to BNC s and compete with BNC s business. If the protection of BNC s proprietary
rights is inadequate to prevent unauthorized use or appropriation by third parties, the value of BNC s brands and other intangible
assets may be diminished and competitors may be able to more effectively mimic BNC s products, services and methods of operations.
Any of these events could have an adverse effect on BNC s business and financial results. 

BNC expects to be
party to patent lawsuits and other intellectual property rights claims that are expensive and time consuming and, if resolved adversely,
could have a significant impact on BNC s business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Companies,
in particular established ones, in the internet, technology, and media industries typically own large numbers of patents, copyrights,
trademarks, and trade secrets, and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations
of intellectual property or other rights. In the event that BNC ever develops a significant intellectual property portfolio, it would
face similar challenges that established companies do. In addition, various non-practicing entities that own patents and other
intellectual property rights often attempt to aggressively assert their rights in order to extract value from technology companies. Furthermore,
from time to time BNC may introduce or acquire new products, which could increase BNC s exposure to patent and other intellectual
property claims from competitors and non-practicing entities. 

From time to time, BNC may receive notices from
patent holders and other parties alleging that certain of BNC s products and services, or user content, infringe their intellectual
property rights. BNC expects, should its business ever develop, to be involved in a number of intellectual property lawsuits. Defending
patent and other intellectual property litigation is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees, and there
can be no assurances that favorable final outcomes will be obtained in all or even most cases. In addition, plaintiffs may seek, and BNC
may become subject to, preliminary or provisional rulings in the course of any such litigation, including potential preliminary injunctions
requiring us to cease some or all of BNC s anticipated operations. BNC may seek, if possible, to settle such lawsuits and disputes
on terms that are unfavorable to it. Similarly, if any litigation to which BNC is a party is resolved adversely, BNC may be subject to
an unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal, if appealed. The terms of such a settlement or judgment may require us to
cease some or all of BNC s operations or require us pay substantial amounts to the other party, which we may not be able to afford.
In addition, BNC may have to seek a license to continue practices found to be in violation of a third party s rights, which may
not be available on reasonable terms, or at all, and may significantly increase BNC s operating costs and expenses. As a result,
BNC may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology or practices or discontinue the practices. The development of
alternative non-infringing technology or practices could require significant effort and expense, could result in less effective technology
or practices or otherwise negatively affect the user experience, or may not be feasible. BNC s business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected as a result of an unfavorable resolution of the disputes and litigation referred to
above 

78 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Hotel Properties 

We operate in a highly
competitive industry. 

The
lodging industry is highly competitive. Our principal competitors are other owners and investors in full-service hotels as well as major
hospitality chains with well-established and recognized brands. Our hotels face competition for individual guests, group reservations
and conference business. We also compete against smaller hotel chains and independent and local hotel owners and operators. Additionally,
we face competition from peer-to-peer inventory sources that allow travelers to stay at homes and apartments booked from owners. New hotels
may be constructed, and these additions create new competitors, in some cases without corresponding increases in demand for hotel rooms.
Our competitors may have greater commercial, financial and marketing resources and more efficient technology platforms, which could allow
them to improve their properties and expand and improve their marketing efforts in ways that could affect our ability to compete for guests
effectively and adversely affect our revenues and profitability as well as limit or slow our future growth. 

The
growth of internet reservation channels is another source of competition that could adversely affect our business. A significant percentage
of hotel rooms for individual customers are booked through internet travel intermediaries. As intermediary bookings increase, they may
be able to obtain higher commissions, reduced room rates or other significant contract concessions from our hotels. While internet travel
intermediaries traditionally have competed to attract transient business rather than group and convention business, in recent years they
have expanded their business to include marketing to large group and convention business. If that expansion continues, it could both divert
group and convention business away from our hotels and increase our cost of sales for group and convention business and materially adversely
affect our revenues and profitability. 

Our franchisors and
brand managers require us to make capital expenditures pursuant to property improvement plans PIPs ), and any failure on
our part to make the expenditures required under the PIPs or to comply with brand standards could cause the franchisors or hotel brands
to terminate the franchise, management or operating lease agreements. 

In
connection with our acquisition of the Properties in December 2021, our franchisors and brand managers required us to agree to undertake
PIPs in the amount of 13.7 million. If we do not satisfy the PIP renovation requirements, the franchisor or hotel brand may have the
right to terminate the applicable agreement. In addition, in the event that we are in default under any franchise agreement as a result
of our failure to comply with the PIP requirements, in general, we will be required to pay the franchisor liquidated damages, generally
equal to a percentage of gross room revenue for the preceding two-, three- or five-year period for the hotel or a percentage of gross
revenue for the preceding twelve-month period for all hotels operated under the franchised brand if the hotel has not been operating for
at least two years. In addition, our franchisors and brand managers may require that we make renovations to certain of our hotels in connection
with revisions to our franchise, management or operating lease agreements. In addition, upon regular inspection of our hotels, our franchisors
and hotel brands may determine that additional renovations are required to bring the physical condition of our hotels into compliance
with the specifications and standards each franchisor or hotel brand has developed. 

All of our hotels
operate under a brand owned by Marriott or Hilton. Should either of these brands experience a negative event, or receive negative publicity,
our operating results may be harmed. 

All
of our hotels are operated under nationally recognized brands, either Marriott or Hilton, which are among the most respected and widely
recognized brands in the lodging industry. As a result, a significant concentration of our success is dependent in part on the success
of Marriott and Hilton. Consequently, if market recognition or the positive perception of Marriott and/or Hilton is reduced or compromised,
the goodwill associated with our Marriott and/or Hilton branded hotels may be adversely affected, which may have an adverse effect on
our results of operations. Additionally, any negative perceptions or negative impact to operating results from any proposed or future
consolidations between nationally recognized brands could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

79 

Our franchisors and
brand managers may change certain policies or cost allocations that could negatively impact our hotels. 

Our
franchisors and brand managers incur certain costs that are allocated to our hotels subject to our franchise, management, or operating
lease agreements. Those costs may increase over time or our franchisors and brand managers may elect to introduce new programs that could
increase costs allocated to our hotels. In addition, certain policies, such as our third-party managers frequent guest programs,
may be altered resulting in reduced revenue or increased costs to our hotels. 

Because our hotels
are operated under franchise agreements or are brand managed, termination of these franchise, management or operating lease agreements
could cause us to lose business at our hotels or lead to a default or acceleration of our obligations under certain of our debt instruments. 

All
of our hotels are operated under franchise, management or operating lease agreements with franchisors or hotel management companies, such
as Marriott and Hilton. In general, under these arrangements, the franchisor or brand manager provides marketing services and room reservations
and certain other operating assistance, but requires us to pay significant fees to it and to maintain the hotel in a required condition.
If we fail to maintain these required standards, then the franchisor or hotel brand may terminate its agreement with us and obtain damages
for any liability we may have caused. Moreover, from time to time, we may receive notices from franchisors or the hotel brands regarding
our alleged non-compliance with the franchise agreements or brand standards, and we may disagree with these claims that we are not in
compliance. Any disputes arising under these agreements could also lead to a termination of a franchise, management or operating lease
agreement and a payment of liquidated damages. Such a termination may trigger a default or acceleration of our obligations under some
of our debt instruments. In addition, as our franchise, management or operating lease agreements expire, we may not be able to renew them
on favorable terms or at all. If we were to lose a franchise or hotel brand for a particular hotel, it could harm the operation, financing
or value of that hotel due to the loss of the franchise or hotel brand name, marketing support and centralized reservation system. Furthermore,
the loss of a franchise license at a particular hotel could harm our relationship with the franchisor or brand manager and cause us to
incur significant costs to obtain a new franchise license or brand management agreement for the particular hotel. Accordingly, if we lose
one or more franchise licenses or brand management agreements, it could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and
profitability as well as limit or slow our future growth. 

Our hotels are geographically
concentrated and, accordingly, we could be disproportionately harmed by adverse changes to these markets, natural disasters, regulations,
or terrorist attacks. 

Our
hotels are located in a single geographic market, which exposes us to greater risk to local economic or business conditions, changes in
hotel supply in this market, and other conditions than more geographically diversified hotel owners. An economic downturn, an increase
in hotel supply, a force majeure event, a natural disaster, changing weather patterns, a terrorist attack or similar event in this market
likely would cause a decline in the hotel market and adversely affect occupancy rates, the financial performance of our hotels and our
overall results of operations, which could be material, and could significantly increase our costs. 

The need for business-related travel, and,
therefore, demand for rooms in our hotels may be adversely affected by the increased use of business-related technology. 

During 2020 and into 2023,
the COVID-19 pandemic caused a significant decrease in business-related travel as companies turned to virtual meetings in order to protect
the health and safety of their employees. While business transient demand improved in 2022 as compared to 2020, it remains below pre-pandemic
levels. The increased use of teleconferencing and video-conference technology by businesses may continue in the future, which could result
in further decreases in business travel as companies become accustomed to the use of technologies that allow multiple parties from different
locations to participate in meetings without traveling to a centralized meeting location, such as our hotels. To the extent that such
technologies, or new technologies, play an increased role in day-to-day business interactions and the necessity for business-related travel
decreases, demand for hotel rooms may decrease and our hotels could be adversely affected. 

Rising operating expenses or low occupancy
rates could reduce cash flow. 

Our hotels, and any hotels
we may buy in the future, are and will be subject to operating risks common to the lodging industry in general. If any hotel is not occupied
at a level sufficient to cover our operating expenses, then we could be required to spend additional funds for that hotel s operating
expenses. For example, during 2020 and into 2022, operations at many hotels were either temporarily suspended or reduced due to the COVID-19
pandemic, and hotel owners were required to fund hotel payroll expenses, maintenance expenses, fixed hotel costs such as ground rent,
insurance expenses, property taxes and scheduled debt payments. Hotels may be subject to increases in real estate and other tax rates,
utility costs, operating expenses including labor and employee-related benefits, insurance costs, repairs and maintenance and administrative
expenses, which could reduce cash flow. 

80 

Laws and governmental regulations may restrict
the ways in which we use our hotel properties and increase the cost of compliance with such regulations. Noncompliance with such regulations
could subject us to penalties, loss of value of our properties or civil damages. 

Our hotel properties are subject
to various federal, state and local laws relating to the environment, fire and safety and access and use by disabled persons. Under these
laws, courts and government agencies have the authority to require us, if we are the owner of a contaminated property, to clean up the
property, even if we did not know of or were not responsible for the contamination. These laws also apply to persons who owned a property
at the time it became contaminated. In addition to the costs of cleanup, environmental contamination can affect the value of a property
and, therefore, an owner s ability to borrow funds using the property as collateral or to sell the property. Under such environmental
laws, courts and government agencies also have the authority to require that a person who sent waste to a waste disposal facility, such
as a landfill or an incinerator, pay for the clean-up of that facility if it becomes contaminated and threatens human health or the environment. 

Furthermore, various court
decisions have established that third parties may recover damages for injury caused by property contamination. For instance, a person
exposed to asbestos while staying in or working at a hotel may seek to recover damages for injuries suffered. Additionally, some of these
environmental laws restrict the use of a property or place conditions on various activities. For example, some laws require a business
using chemicals (such as swimming pool chemicals at our hotels) to manage them carefully and to notify local officials that the chemicals
are being used. 

We could be responsible for
the types of costs discussed above. The costs to clean up a contaminated property, to defend against a claim, or to comply with environmental
laws could be material and could reduce the funds available for distribution to our stockholders. Future laws or regulations may impose
material environmental liabilities on us, or the current environmental condition of our hotel properties may be affected by the condition
of the properties in the vicinity of our hotels (such as the presence of leaking underground storage tanks) or by third parties unrelated
to us. 

Our hotel properties are also
subject to the Americans with Disabilities Act ADA ). Under the ADA, all public accommodations must meet various federal
requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Compliance with the ADA s requirements could require removal of access
barriers and non-compliance could result in the U.S. government imposing fines or in private litigants winning damages. If we are
required to make substantial modifications to our hotels, whether to comply with the ADA or other changes in governmental rules and
regulations, our financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. In addition, we are required to operate our hotel properties
in compliance with fire and safety regulations, building codes and other land use regulations, as they may be adopted by governmental
agencies and become applicable to our properties. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry - Overview 

If we fail to anticipate and adequately respond
to rapid technological changes in our industry, including evolving industry-wide standards, in a timely and cost-effective manner, our
business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

The markets in which we operate
are characterized by technological changes. Such changes, including evolving industry standards, changes in customer requirements and
new product introductions and enhancements, could render our products obsolete. Accordingly, we are required to constantly monitor and
anticipate technological changes in our industry and develop new product offerings and technologies or adapt or modify our existing offerings
and technologies to keep pace with technological advances in our industry and remain competitive. 

Our ability to implement our
business strategy and continue to grow our revenues will depend on a number of factors, including our continuing ability to: 

identify emerging technological trends in our current and target markets; 

identify additional uses for our existing technology to address customer needs in our current and future
markets; 

enhance our offerings by adding innovative features that differentiate our offerings from those of our
competitors; and 

design, develop, manufacture, assemble, test, market and support new products and enhancements in a timely
and cost-effective manner. 

81 

We believe that, to remain
competitive in the future, we will need to continue to invest significant financial resources in developing new offerings and technologies
or to adapt or modify our existing offerings and technologies, including through internal research and development, strategic acquisitions
and joint ventures or other arrangements. However, these efforts may be more costly than we anticipate and there can be no assurance that
they will be successful. 

If we are unable to identify, attract, train
and retain qualified personnel, especially our design and technical personnel, our business and results of operations would be materially
and adversely affected and we may not be able to effectively execute our business strategy. 

Our performance and future
success largely depends on our continuing ability to identify, attract, train, retain and motivate qualified personnel, including our
management, sales and marketing, finance and in particular our engineering, design and technical personnel. For example, we currently
have limited number of qualified personnel for the assembling and testing processes. We do not know whether we will be able to retain
all these personnel as we continue to pursue our business strategy. Our engineering, design and technical personnel represent a significant
asset. The competition for qualified personnel in our industries is intense and constrains our ability to attract qualified personnel.
The loss of the services of one or more of our key employees, especially of our key engineering, design and technical personnel, or our
inability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

Our future results will depend on our ability
to maintain and expand our existing sales channels and to build out marketing, business development and sales functions for the operating
subsidiaries. 

To grow our legacy businesses,
we must add new customers for our products in addition to retaining and increasing sales to our current customers. Currently, only Relec,
the operating subsidiary that we acquired in November 2020, has an effective sales force focused on establishing relationships with customers
that we expect to endure over time. In other subsidiaries, we have historically relied on key executives to drive growth through return
business with existing customers. Building out marketing, business development and sales functions in all operating subsidiaries is critical
to drive significant growth in line with our strategic plans. While we perform certain of these activities ourselves, we may contract
for marketing services to improve our websites, manage public relations and optimize our social media presence. Failure to recruit and
retain the business development and sale personnel to execute on outreach and capture of new business, or the failure of those new hires
or marketing services to perform as expected, will limit our ability to achieve our growth targets. 

We are dependent upon our ability, and our
contract manufacturers ability, to timely procure electronic components. 

Because of the global economy,
many raw material vendors have reduced capacities, closed production lines and, in some cases, even discontinued their operations. As
a result, there is a global shortage of certain electronic or mineral components, which may extend our production lead-time and our production
costs. Some materials are no longer available to support some of our products, thereby requiring us to search for cross materials or,
even worse, redesign some of our products to support currently available materials. Such redesign efforts may require certain regulatory
and safety agency re-submittals, which may cause further production delays. While we have initiated actions that we believe will limit
our exposure to such problems, the dynamic business conditions in many of our markets may challenge the solutions that have been put in
place, and issues may recur in the future. 

In addition, some of our products
are manufactured, assembled and tested by third party subcontractors and contract manufacturers located in Asia. While we have had relationships
with many of these third parties in the past, we cannot predict how or whether these relationships will continue in the future. In addition,
changes in management, financial viability, manufacturing demand or capacity, or other factors, at these third parties could hurt our
ability to manufacture our products. 

We depend
upon a few major customers for a majority of our revenues, and the loss of any of these customers, or the substantial reduction in the
quantity of products that they purchase from us, would significantly reduce our revenues and net income. 

We currently depend upon
a few major OEMs and other customers for a significant portion of our revenues. If our major OEM customers will reduce or cancel their
orders scaling back some of their activities, our revenues and net income would be significantly reduced. Furthermore, diversions in
the capital spending of certain of these customers to new network elements have and could continue to lead to their reduced demand for
our products, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. If the financial condition
of one or more of our major customers should deteriorate, or if they have difficulty acquiring investment capital due to any of these
or other factors, a substantial decrease in our revenues would likely result. We are dependent on the electronic equipment industry,
and accordingly will be affected by the impact on that industry of current economic conditions. 

82 

Substantially all of our existing
customers are in the electronic equipment industry, and they manufacture products that are subject to rapid technological change, obsolescence,
and large fluctuations in demand. This industry is further characterized by intense competition and volatility. The OEMs serving this
industry are pressured for increased product performance and lower product prices. OEMs, in turn, make similar demands on their suppliers,
such as us, for increased product performance and lower prices. Such demands may adversely affect our ability to successfully compete
in certain markets or our ability to sustain our gross margins. 

Our reliance on subcontract manufacturers to
manufacture certain aspects of our products involves risks, including delays in product shipments and reduced control over product quality. 

Since we do not own significant
manufacturing facilities, we must rely on, and will continue to rely on, a limited number of subcontract manufacturers to manufacture
our power supply products. Our reliance upon such subcontract manufacturers involves several risks, including reduced control over manufacturing
costs, delivery times, reliability and quality of components, unfavorable currency exchange fluctuations, and continued inflationary pressures
on many of the raw materials used in the manufacturing of our power supply products. If we were to encounter a shortage of key manufacturing
components from limited sources of supply, or experience manufacturing delays caused by reduced manufacturing capacity, inability of our
subcontract manufacturers to procure raw materials, the loss of key assembly subcontractors, difficulties associated with the transition
to our new subcontract manufacturers or other factors, we could experience lost revenues, increased costs, and delays in, or cancellations
or rescheduling of, orders or shipments, any of which would materially harm our business. 

We outsource, and are dependent upon developer
partners for, the development of some of our custom design products. 

We made an operational decision
to outsource some of our custom design products to numerous developer partners. This business structure will remain in place until the
custom design volume justifies expanding our in house capabilities. Incomplete product designs that do not fully comply with the customer
specifications and requirements might affect our ability to transition to a volume production stage of the custom designed product where
the revenue goals are dependent on the high volume of custom product production. Furthermore, we rely on the design partners ability
to provide high quality prototypes of the designed product for our customer approval as a critical stage to approve production. 

We face intense industry competition, price
erosion and product obsolescence, which, in turn, could reduce our profitability. 

We operate in an industry
that is generally characterized by intense competition. We believe that the principal bases of competition in our markets are breadth
of product line, quality of products, stability, reliability and reputation of the provider, along with cost. Quantity discounts, price
erosion, and rapid product obsolescence due to technological improvements are therefore common in our industry as competitors strive to
retain or expand market share. Product obsolescence can lead to increases in unsaleable inventory that may need to be written off and,
therefore, could reduce our profitability. Similarly, price erosion can reduce our profitability by decreasing our revenues and our gross
margins. In fact, we have seen price erosion over the last several years on most of the products we sell, and we expect additional price
erosion in the future. 

Our future results are dependent on our ability
to establish, maintain and expand our manufacturers representative OEM relationships and our other relationships. 

We market and sell our products
through domestic and international OEM relationships and other distribution channels, such as manufacturers representatives and
distributors. Our future results are dependent on our ability to establish, maintain and expand our relationships with OEMs as well as
with manufacturers representatives and distributors to sell our products. If, however, the third parties with whom we have entered
into such OEM and other arrangements should fail to meet their contractual obligations, cease doing, or reduce the amount of their, business
with us or otherwise fail to meet their own performance objectives, customer demand for our products could be adversely affected, which
would have an adverse effect on our revenues. 

83 

We may not be able to procure necessary key
components for our products, or we may purchase too much inventory or the wrong inventory. 

The power supply industry,
and the electronics industry as a whole, can be subject to business cycles. During periods of growth and high demand for our products,
we may not have adequate supplies of inventory on hand to satisfy our customers' needs. Furthermore, during these periods of growth, our
suppliers may also experience high demand and, therefore, may not have adequate levels of the components and other materials that we require
to build products so that we can meet our customers' needs. Our inability to secure sufficient components to build products for our customers
could negatively impact our sales and operating results. We may choose to mitigate this risk by increasing the levels of inventory for
certain key components. Increased inventory levels can increase the potential risk for excess and obsolescence should our forecasts fail
to materialize or if there are negative factors impacting our customers end markets. If we purchase too much inventory or the wrong
inventory, we may have to record additional inventory reserves or write-off the inventory, which could have a material adverse effect
on our gross margins and on our results of operations. 

Although we depend on sales of our legacy products
for a meaningful portion of our revenues, these products are mature and their sales will decline. 

A relatively large portion
of our sales have historically been attributable to our legacy products. However, these sales are declining. Although we are unable to
predict future prices for our legacy products, we expect that prices for these products will continue to be subject to significant downward
pressure in certain markets for the reasons described above. Accordingly, our ability to maintain or increase revenues will be dependent
on our ability to expand our customer base, to increase unit sales volumes of these products and to successfully, develop, introduce and
sell new products such as custom design and value-added products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to expand our customer base,
increase unit sales volumes of existing products or develop, introduce and/or sell new products. 

Failure of our information technology infrastructure
to operate effectively could adversely affect our business. 

We depend heavily on information
technology infrastructure to achieve our business objectives. If a problem occurs that impairs this infrastructure, the resulting disruption
could impede our ability to record or process orders, manufacture and ship in a timely manner, or otherwise carry on business in the normal
course. Any such events could cause us to lose customers or revenue and could require us to incur significant expense to remediate. 

We are subject to certain governmental regulatory
restrictions relating to our international sales. 

Some of our products are subject
to International Traffic In Arms Regulation ITAR ), which are interpreted, enforced and administered by the U.S. Department
of State. ITAR regulation controls not only the export, import and trade of certain products specifically designed, modified, configured
or adapted for military systems, but also the export of related technical data and defense services as well as foreign production. Any
delays in obtaining the required export, import or trade licenses for products subject to ITAR regulation and rules could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and/or operating results. In addition, changes in U.S. export and import laws that
require us to obtain additional export and import licenses or delays in obtaining export or import licenses currently being sought could
cause significant shipment delays and, if such delays are too great, could result in the cancellation of orders. Any future restrictions
or charges imposed by the U.S. or any other country on our international sales or foreign subsidiary could have a materially adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, and/or operating results. In addition, from time to time, we have entered into contracts with the
Israeli Ministry of Defense which were governed by the U.S. Foreign Military Financing program FMF ). Any such future sales
would be subject to these regulations. Failure to comply with ITAR or FMF rules could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, and/or operating results. 

We depend on international operations for a
substantial majority of our components and products. 

We purchase a substantial
majority of our components from foreign manufacturers and have a substantial majority of our commercial products assembled, packaged,
and tested by subcontractors located outside the U.S. These activities are subject to the uncertainties associated with international
business operations, including trade barriers and other restrictions, changes in trade policies, governmental regulations, currency exchange
fluctuations, reduced protection for intellectual property, war and other military activities, terrorism, changes in social, political,
or economic conditions, and other disruptions or delays in production or shipments, any of which could have a materially adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, and/or operating results. 

84 

We depend on international sales for a portion of our revenues. 

Sales to customers outside
of North America accounted for 19 and 37 of net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and we expect
that international sales will continue to represent a material portion of our total revenues. International sales are subject to the risks
of international business operations as described above, as well as generally longer payment cycles, greater difficulty collecting accounts
receivable, and currency restrictions. In addition, GIGA supports our European and other international customers, distributors, and sales
representatives, and therefore is also subject to local regulation. International sales are also subject to the export laws and regulations
of the U.S. and other countries. 

Because a significant portion of our revenues
and expenses is denominated in foreign currencies, fluctuations in exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our operating
results. 

We face foreign exchange risks
because a significant portion of our revenue and expenses is denominated in foreign currencies. Further, some suppliers to Enertec and
Relec require payment in U.S. dollars, which exposes us to risk. Generally, U.S. dollar strength adversely impacts the translation of
the portion of our revenue that is generated in foreign currencies into the U.S. dollar. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, approximately 16.9 and 35.9 of our revenue, respectively, was denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Our results of
operations could also be negatively impacted by a strengthening of the U.S. dollar as a large portion of our costs are U.S. dollar denominated.
We also have foreign exchange risk exposure with respect to certain of our assets, that are denominated in currencies other than the functional
currency of our subsidiaries, and our financial results are affected by the re-measurement and translation of these non-U.S. currencies
into U.S. dollars, which is reflected in the effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash on the consolidated
statements of cash flows. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the effects of exchange rates on our cash, cash equivalents,
and restricted cash totaled 0.9 million and 0.3 million, respectively, due to fluctuations in exchange rates and the strengthening of
the U.S. dollar. While we may choose to enter into transactions to hedge portions of our foreign currency translation and balance sheet
exposure in the future, it is impossible to predict or eliminate the effects of foreign exchange rate exposure. Strengthening of the U.S.
dollar could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our insurance coverage and indemnity may be
insufficient to cover potential liabilities we may face due to the risks inherent in the products and services we provide. 

We are exposed to liabilities
that are unique to the products and services we provide. A significant portion of our business relates to designing, developing and manufacturing,
components, integrated assemblies and subsystems for advanced defense, medical, transportation, industrial, technology and communications
systems and products. New technologies associated with these systems and products may be untested or unproven. Components of certain of
the defense systems and products we develop are inherently dangerous. Failures of satellites, missile systems, air traffic control systems,
homeland security applications and aircraft have the potential to cause loss of life and extensive property damage. In most circumstances,
we may receive indemnification from the government end users of our defense offerings in the U.S., the U.K.
 and Israel. In addition, failures of products and systems that we manufacture or distribute for medical devices, transportation
controls or industrial systems also have the potential to result in loss of life, personal injury and/or extensive property damage. 

While we maintain insurance
for certain risks, the amount of our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities, and we may be forced to
bear substantial costs from an accident or incident. It also is not possible for us to obtain insurance to protect against all operational
risks and liabilities. Substantial claims resulting from an incident in excess of government indemnity and our insurance coverage would
harm our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, any accident or incident for which we are liable, even if
fully insured, could negatively affect our standing with our customers and the public, thereby making it more difficult for us to compete
effectively, and could significantly impact the cost and availability of adequate insurance in the future. 

If we are unable to satisfy our customers 
specific product quality, certification or network requirements, our business could be disrupted and our financial condition could be
harmed. 

Our customers demand that
our products meet stringent quality, performance and reliability standards. We have, from time to time, experienced problems in satisfying
such standards. Defects or failures have occurred in the past, and may in the future occur, relating to our product quality, performance
and reliability. From time to time, our customers also require us to implement specific changes to our products to allow these products
to operate within their specific network configurations. If we are unable to remedy these failures or defects or if we cannot effect
such required product modifications, we could experience lost revenues, increased costs, including inventory write-offs, warranty expense
and costs associated with customer support, delays in, or cancellations or rescheduling of, orders or shipments and product returns or
discounts, any of which would harm our business. 

85 

Some
of our business is subject to U.S. Government procurement laws and regulations . 

We
must comply with certain laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of federal government contracts.
These laws and regulations affect how we conduct business with our federal government contracts, including the business that we do as
a subcontractor. In complying with these laws and regulations, we may incur additional costs, and non-compliance may lead to the assessment
of fines and penalties, including contractual damages, or the loss of business. 

Failure to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption,
anti-money laundering laws, and similar laws, or allegations of such failure, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results. 

We are subject to various
anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA ),
the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, Chapter 9 (sub-chapter
5) of the Israeli Penal Law, 1977, the Israeli Prohibition on Money Laundering Law 2000, and possibly other similar laws in countries
outside of the U.S. in which we conduct our business. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent
years and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees, agents, representatives, business partners, and third-party
intermediaries from authorizing, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public
or private sector. 

We, our employees, agents,
representatives, business partners and third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees
of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities and may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these
employees, agents, representatives, business partners or third-party intermediaries even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. 

These laws also require that
we keep accurate records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have
policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that none of our employees, agents, representatives,
business partners or third-party intermediaries will take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be
ultimately held responsible. In addition, we may be held liable for violations committed of the FCPA or similar foreign laws by companies
that we acquire. 

Any alleged or actual violation
of the FCPA or other applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption laws, and anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints,
investigations, enforcement actions, fines and other criminal or civil sanctions, adverse media coverage, loss of export privileges, or
suspension or termination of government contracts. Responding to any investigation or enforcement action would require significant attention
of our management and resources, including significant defense costs and other professional fees. Failure to comply with anti-bribery,
anti-corruption, anti-money laundering laws, and similar laws, or allegations of such failure, could therefore have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 

Compliance with the regulations, standards,
and contractual obligations promulgated by the European Union related to privacy, data protection, and data security, may cause Gresham
Power and Relec to incur additional expenses and failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business and future results of
operations. 

The European Union General
Data Protection Regulation GDPR contains robust obligations on data controllers and data processors 
with heavy documentation requirements for data protection compliance programs that apply to both Gresham Power and Relec. Among other
requirements, the GDPR regulates the transfer of personal data subject to the GDPR to third countries that have not been found to provide
adequate protection to such personal data, including the U.S. In the U.K., the GDPR requires informed consent for disclosure of names,
transfer of email addresses, the use of cookies and direct electronic marketing. The GDPR also imposes conditions on obtaining valid consent
to transfer of any personal data that Gresham Power or Relec collect or process. Failure to comply with the GDPR could result in penalties
for noncompliance (including possible fines of up to the greater of 8.7 million and 2 of our global annual revenue for the preceding
financial year for the violations, as well as the right to compensation for financial or non-financial damages claimed by individuals
under Article 82 of the GDPR). 

The U.K. has enacted a Data
Protection Act substantially implementing the GDPR, effective in May 2018, which was further amended to align more substantially with
the GDPR following Brexit. The latest revisions of the GDPR in the U.K. post-Brexit have resulted in even more stringent restrictions
on the transfer of data about a person. Data considered in the public domain in the U.S. now falls within the protections of GDPR, which
complicates documenting business, marketing, sales outreach, securing infrastructure, audit and business management. 

86 

Compliance with the regulations,
standards, and contractual obligations promulgated by the U.K. related to privacy, data protection, and data security, may cause Gresham
Power and Relec to incur additional expenses and failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business and future results of
operations. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry - Microphase 

Microphase has a history of losses and our
future profitability on a quarterly or annual basis is uncertain, which could have a harmful effect on our business and the value of our
company. 

Microphase has incurred losses
from operations during 2019. These losses are attributable to lower volumes of its products sold to major defense contractors partially
as a result of the overall reduction in defense spending and sequestration by the U.S. Congress. While Microphase has been profitable,
to a certain extent, during 2021 and 2022, there is always the possibility that its results of operations could worsen in the future,
whether as a result of new outbreaks of COVID-19, supply chain issues or any of a number of other factors. Since the financial crisis
of 2008, Microphase has been significantly short of capital needed to acquire parts for production of its products to complete orders
for such products. At times, Microphase has not had the cash available to make advance payments for the purchase of parts, and then, as
a consequence, Microphase would not receive the parts from its vendors required to finish a customer order. This would then delay the
delivery of products to customers, and would also delay recognition of the resulting revenues and the receipt of cash from the customer.
Sometimes after experiencing a delay in delivery of an order from Microphase, the customer would not place its next order with Microphase,
resulting in a loss of business. 

Microphase s future
profitability depends upon many factors, including several that are beyond its control. These factors include, without limitation: 

economic dislocation, supply chain disruption or mandated shutdowns attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic; 

changes in the demand for its products and services; 

loss of key customers or contracts; 

the introduction of competitive products; 

the failure to gain market acceptance of its new and existing products; and 

the failure to successfully and cost effectively develop, introduce and market new products, services
and product enhancements in a timely manner. 

A large percentage of Microphase s current
revenue is derived from prime defense contractors to the U.S. Government and its allies, and the loss of these relationships, a reduction
in U.S. Government funding or a change in U.S. Government spending priorities or bidding processes could have an adverse impact on its
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 Microphase is highly dependent on sales to major
defense contractors of the U.S. military and its allies, including Lockheed Martin, Raytheon, BAE Systems and SAAB. The percentages of
its revenue that were derived from sales to these named major defense contractors and directly to the U.S. Government were 69.4 in fiscal
2022 and 78.1 in fiscal 2021. Therefore, any significant disruption or deterioration of Microphase s relationship with any such
major defense contractors or the U.S. Government could materially reduce its revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was
one customers that accounted for more than 10 of Microphase s sales: BAE Systems. During the year ended December 31, 2021, there
were two customers that accounted for more than 10 of Microphase s sales: BAE Systems and Lockheed Martin. Microphase s competitors
continuously engage in efforts to expand their business relationships with the same major defense contractors and the U.S. Government
and will continue these efforts in the future, and the U.S. Government may choose to use other contractors. Microphase expects that a
majority of the business that it seeks will be awarded through competitive bidding. Microphase operates in highly competitive markets
and its competitors have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities than Microphase does
in many areas, and Microphase may not be able to continue to win competitively awarded contracts or to obtain task orders under multi-award
contracts. Further, the competitive bidding process involves significant cost and managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts
that may not be awarded to Microphase, as well as the risk that Microphase may fail to accurately estimate the resources and costs required
to fulfill any contract awarded to us. Following any contract award, Microphase may experience significant expense or delay, contract
modification or contract rescission as a result of its competitors protesting or challenging contracts awarded to it in competitive bidding.
Major defense contractors to whom Microphase supplies components for systems must compete with other major defense contractors (to which
Microphase may not supply components) for military orders from the U.S. Government. 

87 

In addition, Microphase competes
with other policy needs, which may be viewed as more necessary, for limited resources and an ever-changing amount of available funding
in the budget and appropriations process. Budget and appropriations decisions made by the U.S. Government are outside of Microphase control
and have long-term consequences for its business. U.S. Government spending priorities and levels remain uncertain and difficult to predict
and are affected by numerous factors, including until recently sequestration (automatic, across-the-board U.S. Government budgetary spending
cuts), and the purchase of our products could be superseded by alternate arrangements. While the US defense budget was recently increased,
there can be no assurance that this increase will be maintained for the foreseeable future, particularly in light of the recent federal
expenditures the federal government has made with a view to ameliorating the economic damage suffered as a result of COVID-19. A change
in U.S. Government spending priorities or an increase in non-procurement spending at the expense of our programs, or a reduction in total
U.S. Government spending, could have material adverse consequences on Microphase s future business. 

Microphase s U.S. Government contracts
may be terminated by the federal government at any time prior to their completion, which could lead to unexpected loss of sales and reduction
in Microphase s backlog. 

Under the terms of Microphase s
U.S. Government contracts, the U.S. Government may unilaterally: 

terminate or modify existing contracts; 

reduce the value of existing contracts through partial termination; and 

delay the payment of Microphase s invoices by government payment offices. 

The federal government can
terminate or modify any of its contracts with Microphase or its prime contractors either for the federal government s convenience,
or if Microphase or its prime contractors default, by failing to perform under the terms of the applicable contract. A termination arising
out of Microphase s default could expose it to liability and have a material adverse effect on its ability to compete for future
federal government contracts and subcontracts. If the federal government or its prime contractors terminate and/or materially modify any
of Microphase s contracts or if any applicable options are not exercised, Microphase s failure to replace sales generated
from such contracts would result in lower sales and would adversely affect its earnings, which could have a material adverse effect on
Microphase s business, results of operations and financial condition. Microphase s backlog as of December 31, 2022 was
approximately 10.1 million. Microphase s backlog could be adversely affected if contracts are modified or terminated. 

Microphase s products with military applications
are subject to export regulations, and compliance with these regulations may be costly. 

Microphase is required to
obtain export licenses before filling foreign orders for many of its products that have military or other governmental applications. U.S.
Export Administration regulations control technology exports like its products for reasons of national security and compliance with foreign
policy, to guarantee domestic reserves of products in short supply and, under certain circumstances, for the security of a destination
country. Thus, any foreign sales of its products requiring export licenses must comply with these general policies. Compliance with these
regulations is costly, and these regulations are subject to change, and any such change may require Microphase to improve its technologies,
incur expenses or both in order to comply with such regulations. 

Microphase depends on U.S. Government contracts
issued to major defense contractors, which often are only partially funded, subject to immediate termination, and heavily regulated and
audited. The termination or failure to fund, or negative audit findings for, one or more of these contracts could have an adverse impact
on Microphase s business. 

Over its lifetime, a U.S.
Government program awarded to a major defense contractor may be implemented by the award of many different individual contracts and subcontracts.
The funding of U.S. Government programs is subject to Congressional appropriations. Although multi-year contracts may be authorized and
appropriated in connection with major procurements, Congress generally appropriates funds on a fiscal year basis. Procurement funds are
typically made available for obligations over the course of one to three years. Consequently, programs often receive only partial funding
initially, and additional funds are designated only as Congress authorizes further appropriations. The termination of funding for a U.S.
Government program with respect to major defense contractors for which Microphase is a subcontractor would result in a loss of anticipated
future revenue attributable to that program, which could have an adverse impact on its operations. In addition, the termination of, or
failure to commit additional funds to, a program for which Microphase is a subcontractor could result in lost revenue and increase its
overall costs of doing business. 

88 

Generally, U.S. Government
contracts are subject to oversight audits by U.S. Government representatives. Such audits could result in adjustments to Microphase s
contract costs. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed, and such costs already reimbursed
must be refunded. Microphase has recorded contract revenues based on costs Microphase expect to realize upon final audit. However, Microphase
does not know the outcome of any future audits and adjustments, and Microphase may be required to materially reduce its revenues or profits
upon completion and final negotiation of audits. Negative audit findings could also result in termination of a contract, forfeiture of
profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or debarment from U.S. Government contracting or subcontracting for a period of
time. 

In addition, U.S. Government
contracts generally contain provisions permitting termination, in whole or in part, without prior notice at the U.S. Government s
convenience upon the payment only for work done and commitments made at the time of termination. Microphase can give no assurance that
one or more of the U.S. Government contracts with a major defense contractor under which Microphase provides component products will not
be terminated under these circumstances. Also, Microphase can give no assurance that it will be able to procure new contracts to offset
the revenue or backlog lost as a result of any termination of its U.S. Government contracts. Because a significant portion of Microphase s
revenue is dependent on its performance and payment under its U.S. Government contracts, the loss of one or more large contracts could
have a material adverse impact on its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Microphase s government
business also is subject to specific procurement regulations and other requirements. These requirements, though customary in U.S. Government
contracts, increase its performance and compliance costs. In addition, these costs might increase in the future, thereby reducing Microphase s
margins, which could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Failure to comply
with these regulations and requirements could lead to fines, penalties, repayments, or compensatory or treble damages, or suspension or
debarment from U.S. Government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. Among the causes for debarment are violations of various
laws, including those related to procurement integrity, export control, U.S. Government security regulations, employment practices, protection
of the environment, accuracy of records, proper recording of costs and foreign corruption. The termination of a U.S. Government contract
or relationship as a result of any of these acts would have an adverse impact on Microphase s operations and could have an adverse
effect on its standing and eligibility for future U.S. Government contracts. 

Microphase s business could be negatively
impacted by cybersecurity threats and other security threats and disruptions. 

As a U.S. Government defense
contractor, Microphase faces certain security threats, including threats to its information technology infrastructure, attempts to gain
access to its proprietary or classified information, threats to physical security, and domestic terrorism events. Microphase s information
technology networks and related systems are critical to the operation of its business and essential to its ability to successfully perform
day-to-day operations. Microphase is also involved with information technology systems for certain customers and other third parties,
which generally face similar security threats. Cybersecurity threats, in particular, are persistent, evolve quickly and include, but are
not limited to, computer viruses, attempts to access information, denial of service and other electronic security breaches. Microphase
believes that it has implemented appropriate measures and controls and has invested in skilled information technology resources to appropriately
identify threats and mitigate potential risks, but there can be no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent disruptions
to mission critical systems, the unauthorized release of confidential information or corruption of data. A security breach or other significant
disruption involving these types of information and information technology networks and related systems could: 

disrupt the proper functioning of these networks and systems and therefore its operations and/or those
of certain of its customers; 

result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of, proprietary,
confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of Microphase or its customers, including trade secrets, which others could
use to compete against Microphase or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; 

compromise national security and other sensitive government functions; 

require significant management attention and resources to remedy the damages that result; 

subject Microphase to claims for breach of contract, damages, credits, penalties or termination; and 

damage Microphase s reputation with its customers (particularly agencies of the U.S. Government)
and the public generally. 

Any or all of the foregoing could have a negative
impact on its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Compliance with Defense Department requirements for
information security require Microphase to invest significant resources to implement and maintain cyber defenses against compromise of
information technology architecture, malicious attacks and data breaches. 

89 

Microphase enters into fixed-price contracts
that could subject it to losses in the event of cost overruns or a significant increase in inflation. 

Microphase has a number of
fixed-price contracts which allow it to benefit from cost savings but subject it to the risk of potential cost overruns, particularly
for firm fixed-price contracts, because Microphase assumes the entire cost burden. If its initial estimates are incorrect, Microphase
can lose money on these contracts. U.S. Government contracts can expose Microphase to potentially large losses because the U.S. Government
can hold Microphase responsible for completing a project or, in certain circumstances, paying the entire cost of its replacement by another
provider regardless of the size or foreseeability of any cost overruns that occur over the life of the contract. Because many of these
contracts involve new technologies and applications, unforeseen events such as technological difficulties, fluctuations in the price of
raw materials, problems with its suppliers and cost overruns, can result in the contractual price becoming less favorable or even unprofitable
to Microphase. The U.S. and other countries also may experience a significant increase in inflation. A significant increase in inflation
rates could have a significant adverse impact on the profitability of these contracts. Furthermore, if Microphase does not meet contract
deadlines or specifications, Microphase may need to renegotiate contracts on less favorable terms, be forced to pay penalties or liquidated
damages or suffer major losses if the customer exercises its right to terminate. In addition, some of its contracts have provisions relating
to cost controls and audit rights, and if Microphase fails to meet the terms specified in those contracts Microphase may not realize their
full benefits. Microphase s results of operations are dependent on its ability to maximize its earnings from its contracts. Cost
overruns could have an adverse impact on its financial results. 

Compliance with the regulations, standards,
and contractual obligations related to privacy, data protection, and data security, may cause us to incur additional expenses and failure
to comply with such obligations could harm our business and future results of operations. 

We expect that the regulatory
framework for privacy, data protection and data security will continue to evolve, which may result in additional operating costs for internal
compliance and risks to our business. Nearly all of Microphase s current contracts include provisions that require compliance with
detailed cyber security standards laid out in NIST 800-171, which mandates implementation of security controls to protect Microphase s
information systems from compromise, malicious attacks and/or data breaches. Microphase must maintain a System Security Plan with a Plan
of Action Milestones for any controls not yet implemented. To continue doing business with the DoD or major prime contractors working
with DoD, Microphase must ultimately achieve Cybersecurity Model Maturity Certification not later than 2026. In addition, Microphase maintains
a certified restricted area and must obtain and maintain authority to operate equipment to perform work on classified projects. Compliance
with all of these mandates will require Microphase to invest substantial resources to implement, maintain and monitor information systems
security controls, facility clearances, personnel clearance and authorities to operate classified systems, which adds to the costs of
operating the business. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry - Enertec 

Potential political, economic and military instability in
Israel could adversely affect our operations. 

A significant portion of our
business is conducted through Enertec, our Israeli subsidiary. Accordingly, political, economic and military conditions in Israel and
the surrounding region may directly affect our Israeli operations. In recent years, Israel has been involved in sporadic armed conflicts
with Hamas, an Islamist terrorist group that controls the Gaza Strip, with Hezbollah, an Islamist terrorist group that controls large
portions of Southern Lebanon, and with Iranian-backed military forces in Syria. Some of these hostilities were accompanied by missile
strikes from the Gaza Strip against civilian targets in various parts of Israel, including areas in which our facilities are located,
and negatively affected business conditions in Israel. The change in the U.S. Presidency may continue to change the dynamics in the Middle
East as forces hostile to the existence of Israel seek to reverse the recent stability and commercial opportunities created by the Abraham
Accords. For example, there have been increasing concerns related to a potential attack by Iran. The tension between Israel and Iran and/or
these groups may escalate in the future and turn even more violent, which could affect the Israeli economy in general and us in particular.
A deterioration in the political and security situation in Israel (for example, the significant instability with regards to changes promoted
by the Israeli government in the judiciary branch) may have a negative effect on Israel s economic situation and on Enertec s
ability to execute new projects, to raise funding for its operations and plans. 

Our commercial insurance
does not cover losses that may occur as a result of events associated with war and terrorism. Although the Israeli government currently
covers the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused by terrorist attacks or acts of war, we cannot assure you that this
government coverage will be maintained or that it will sufficiently cover our potential damages. Any losses or damages incurred by us
could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

90 

In addition, Israel-based
companies and companies doing business with Israel have been the subject of an economic boycott by members of the Arab League and certain
other predominantly Muslim countries since Israel s establishment. Although Israel has entered into various agreements with certain
Arab countries and the Palestinian Authority, and various declarations have been signed in connection with efforts to resolve some of
the economic and political problems in the Middle East, we cannot predict whether or in what manner these problems will be resolved. Wars
and acts of terrorism have resulted in significant damage to the Israeli economy, including reducing the level of foreign and local investment. 

Many of our Enertec employees are obligated
to perform military reserve duty in Israel, which could have a disruptive impact on our business. 

Generally, Israeli adult male
and certain female citizens and permanent residents are obligated to perform annual military reserve duty in the Israel Defense Forces
up to a specified age. They also may be called to active military duty at any time under emergency circumstances. These military service
obligations could have a disruptive impact on our business, if hostilities develop in the future. 

Enertec may become subject to claims for remuneration
or royalties for assigned service invention rights by its employees, which could result in litigation and harm our business. 

A significant portion of the
intellectual property covered by Enertec s products has been developed by Enertec s employees in the course of their employment
for Enertec. Under the Israeli Patent Law, 5727-1967, or the Patent Law, and recent decisions by the Israeli Supreme Court and the Israeli
Compensation and Royalties Committee, a body constituted under the Patent Law, Israeli employees may be entitled to remuneration for intellectual
property that they develop for us unless they explicitly waive any such rights. To the extent that Enertec is unable to enter into agreements
with its future employees pursuant to which they agree that any inventions created in the scope of their employment or engagement are
owned exclusively by Enertec (as it has done in the past), Enertec may face claims demanding remuneration. As a consequence of such claims,
Enertec could be required to pay additional remuneration or royalties to its current and former employees, or be forced to litigate such
claims, which could negatively affect its business. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Relec 

The third parties on which we rely to supply
certain products are located outside the United States. 

Relec distributes products
from foreign manufacturers located in Europe, Asia and North America. Our future operating results will depend, among other things, on
our ability to continue to rely on these arrangements. If we are no longer able to rely on these or other similar arrangements for the
supply of certain products, or if our cost of relying on such arrangements materially increases, as the result of the imposition of or
changes in customs, tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, or other trade protection measures, or otherwise, it could have a materially adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Our strategic focus on our custom power supply
and display solution competencies and concurrent cost reduction plans may be ineffective or may limit our ability to compete. 

As a result of our strategic
focus on custom power supply solutions, we will continue to devote significant resources to developing and manufacturing custom power
supply solutions for a large number of customers, where each product represents a uniquely tailored solution for a specific customer s
requirements. Failure to meet these customer product requirements or a failure to meet production schedules and/or product quality standards
may put us at risk with one or more of these customers. Moreover, changes in market conditions and strategic changes at the direction
of our customers may affect their decision to continue to purchase from us. The loss of one or more of our significant custom power supply
solution customers could have a material adverse impact on our revenues, business or financial condition. 

We have also implemented a
series of initiatives designed to increase efficiency and reduce costs. While we believe that these actions will reduce costs, they may
not be sufficient to achieve the required operational efficiencies that will enable us to respond more quickly to changes in the market
or result in the improvements in our business that we anticipate. In such event, we may be forced to take additional cost-reducing initiatives,
including those involving our personnel, which may negatively impact quarterly earnings and profitability as we account for severance
and other related costs. In addition, there is the risk that such measures could have long-term adverse effects on our business by reducing
our pool of talent, decreasing or slowing improvements in our products or services, making it more difficult for us to respond to customers,
limiting our ability to increase production quickly if and when the demand for our solutions increases and limiting our ability to hire
and retain key personnel. These circumstances could cause our earnings to be lower than they otherwise might be. 

91 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our
Common Stock and Future Offerings 

If we do not continue
to satisfy the NYSE American continued listing requirements, our common stock could be delisted from NYSE American. 

The
listing of our common stock on the NYSE American is contingent on our compliance with the NYSE American s conditions for continued
listing. While we are presently in compliance with all such conditions, it is possible that we will fail to meet one or more of these
conditions in the future. 

If
we were to fail to meet a NYSE American listing requirement, we may be subject to delisting by the NYSE American. In the event our common
stock is no longer listed for trading on the NYSE American, our trading volume and share price may decrease and we may experience further
difficulties in raising capital which could materially affect our operations and financial results. Further, delisting from the NYSE American
could also have other negative effects, including potential loss of confidence by partners, lenders, suppliers and employees and could
also trigger various defaults under our lending agreements and other outstanding agreements. Finally, delisting could make it harder for
us to raise capital and sell securities. You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings. In order to raise
additional capital, we may in the future offer additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable
for our common stock at prices that may not be the same as the price per share in this offering. We may sell shares or other securities
in any other offering at a price per share that is less than the price per share paid by investors in this offering, and investors purchasing
shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. The price per share at which we sell additional
shares of our common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, in future transactions may be higher or lower
than the price per share paid by investors in this offering. 

You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity
offerings. 

In order to raise additional
capital, we may in the future offer additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our
common stock at prices that may not be the same as the price per share in this offering. We may sell shares or other securities in any
other offering at a price per share that is less than the price per share paid by investors in this offering, and investors purchasing
shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. The price per share at which we sell additional
shares of our common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, in future transactions may be higher or lower
than the price per share paid by investors in this offering. 

Our common stock price is volatile. 

Our common stock is listed on the NYSE American. In the past, our trading
price has fluctuated widely, depending on many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. During the
past 52-week period (through March __, 2023), our stock closed at prices between 1.34 per share and 0.09 per share, as reported on Nasdaq.com.
On April 14, 2023, the price of our common stock closed at 0.105 per share. 

Stock markets, in general,
have experienced, and continue to experience, significant price and volume volatility, and the market price of our common stock may continue
to be subject to similar market fluctuations unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. This increased volatility, coupled with
depressed economic conditions, could continue to have a depressive effect on the market price of our common stock. The following factors,
many of which are beyond our control, may influence our stock price: 

the status of our growth strategy including the development of new products with any proceeds we may be
able to raise in the future; 

announcements of technological or competitive developments; 

announcements or expectations of additional financing efforts; 

our ability to market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; 

changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; 

commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 

regulatory developments affecting us, our customers or our competitors; 

announcements regarding patent or other intellectual property litigation or the issuance of patents to
us or our competitors or updates with respect to the enforceability of patents or other intellectual property rights generally in the
US or internationally; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results
of companies perceived to be similar to us; 

92 

changes in the market s expectations about our operating results; 

our operating results failing to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors in a particular
period; 

changes in the economic performance or market valuations of our competitors; 

additions or departures of our executive officers; 

sales or perceived sales of our common stock by us, our insiders or our other stockholders; 

share price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares;
and 

general economic, industry, political and market conditions and overall fluctuations in the financial
markets in the United States and abroad, including as a result of ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 

In addition, the securities
markets have, from time to time, experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance
of particular companies. Any of these factors could result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of our common stock
and could cause our stockholders to incur substantial losses. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s
securities, stockholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we were involved in a class
action suit or other securities litigation, it would divert the attention of our senior management, require us to incur significant expense
and, whether or not adversely determined, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. 

Volatility in our common stock price may subject us to securities
litigation. 

Stock markets, in general,
have experienced, and continue to experience, significant price and volume volatility, and the market price of our common stock may continue
to be subject to similar market fluctuations unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. This increased volatility, coupled with
depressed economic conditions, could have a depressing effect on the market price of our common stock. 

In addition, the securities
markets have, from time to time, experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance
of particular companies. Any of these factors could result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of our common stock
and could cause our stockholders to incur substantial losses. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s
securities, stockholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we were involved in a class
action suit or other securities litigation, it would divert the attention of our senior management, require us to incur significant expense
and, whether or not adversely determined, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. 

We have a substantial
number of convertible notes, warrants, options and preferred stock outstanding that could affect our price. 

Due to a number of financings, we have a substantial number of shares
that are subject to issuance pursuant to outstanding convertible debt, warrants and options. As
of the date of this annual report, the number of shares of common stock subject to convertible notes, warrants, options and Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock were 165,000, 15,525,581, 5,810,844 and 2,232 respectively. We had outstanding options to purchase an aggregate
of 5,810,844 shares of Common Stock, with a weighted average exercise price of 2.40 per share, exercisable at prices ranging from 1.79
to 1,352 per share and warrants to purchase up to 15,525,581 shares of common stock, with a weighted average exercise price of 1.99 per
share, at exercise prices ranging from 0.40 to 1,040 per share. The issuance of common stock pursuant to convertible notes, warrants,
options and preferred stock at conversion or exercise prices less than market prices may have the effect of limiting an increase in market
price of our common stock until all of these underling shares have been issued. 

A possible short squeeze due to a sudden increase
in demand of our common stock that largely exceeds supply may lead to price volatility in our common stock. 

Investors may purchase our
common stock to hedge existing exposure in our common stock or to speculate on the price of our common stock. Speculation on the price
of our common stock may involve long and short exposures. To the extent aggregate short exposure exceeds the number of shares of our common
stock available for purchase in the open market, investors with short exposure may have to pay a premium to repurchase our common stock
for delivery to lenders of our common stock. Those repurchases may in turn, dramatically increase the price of our common stock until
investors with short exposure are able to purchase additional common shares to cover their short position. This is often referred to as
a short squeeze. A short squeeze could lead to volatile price movements in our common stock that are not directly correlated
to the performance or prospects of our company and once investors purchase the shares of common stock necessary to cover their short position
the price of our common stock may decline. 

93 

The issuance of shares of our Class B common
stock to our management or others could provide such persons with voting control leaving our other stockholders unable to elect our directors
and the holders of our shares of common stock will have little influence over our management. 

Although there are currently
no shares of our Class B common stock issued and outstanding, our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 25 million shares
of Class B common stock. Each share of Class B common stock provides the holder thereof with ten votes on all matters submitted to a stockholder
vote. Our certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting for the election of directors. Any person or group who controls
or can obtain more than 50 of the votes cast for the election of each director will control the election of directors and the other stockholders
will not be able to elect any directors or exert any influence over management decisions. As a result of the super-voting rights of our
shares of Class B common stock, the issuance of such shares to our management or others could provide such persons with voting control
and our other stockholders will not be able to elect our directors and will have little influence over our management. While we are listed
on the NYSE American or any other national securities exchange it is highly unlikely that we would issue any shares of Class B common
stock as doing so would jeopardize our continued listing on any such exchange. However, if were to be delisted for some other reason and
our shares of Class A common stock trade on an over-the-counter market, then we would face no restriction on issuing shares of Class B
common stock. 

General Risk Factors 

Our limited operating history makes it difficult
to evaluate our future business prospects and to make decisions based on our historical performance . 

Although our executive officers
have been engaged in the industries in which we operate for varying degrees of time, we did not begin operations of our current business
until recently. We have a very limited operating history in our current form, which makes it difficult to evaluate our business on the
basis of historical operations. As a consequence, it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast our future results based upon our historical
data. Reliance on our historical results may not be representative of the results we will achieve, and for certain areas in which we operate,
principally those unrelated to defense contracting, will not be indicative at all. Because of the uncertainties related to our lack of
historical operations, we may be hindered in our ability to anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in sales, product costs
or expenses. If we make poor budgetary decisions as a result of unreliable historical data, we could be less profitable or incur losses,
which may result in a decline in our stock price. 

Deterioration of global economic conditions
could adversely affect our business . 

The global economy and capital
and credit markets have experienced exceptional turmoil and upheaval over the past several years. Ongoing concerns about the systemic
impact of potential long-term and widespread recession and potentially prolonged economic recovery, volatile energy costs, fluctuating
commodity prices and interest rates, volatile exchange rates, geopolitical issues, including the recent outbreak of armed conflict in
Ukraine, natural disasters and pandemic illness, instability in credit markets, cost and terms of credit, consumer and business confidence
and demand, a changing financial, regulatory and political environment, and substantially increased unemployment rates have all contributed
to increased market volatility and diminished expectations for many established and emerging economies, including those in which we operate.
Furthermore, austerity measures that certain countries may agree to as part of any debt crisis or disruptions to major financial trading
markets may adversely affect world economic conditions and have an adverse impact on our business. These general economic conditions could
have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations, results of operations and overall financial condition. 

The availability, cost and
terms of credit also have been and may continue to be adversely affected by illiquid markets and wider credit spreads. Concern about
the stability of the markets generally, and the strength of counterparties specifically, has led many lenders and institutional investors
to reduce credit to businesses and consumers. These factors have led to a decrease in spending by businesses and consumers over the past
several years, and a corresponding slowdown in global infrastructure spending. 

94 

Continued uncertainty in the
U.S. and international markets and economies and prolonged stagnation in business and consumer spending may adversely affect our liquidity
and financial condition, and the liquidity and financial condition of our customers, including our ability to access capital markets and
obtain capital lease financing to meet liquidity needs. 

No assurance of successful expansion of operations. 

Our significant increase in
the scope and the scale of our operations, including the hiring of additional personnel, has resulted in significantly higher operating
expenses. We anticipate that our operating expenses will continue to increase. Expansion of our operations may also make significant demands
on our management, finances and other resources. Our ability to manage the anticipated future growth, should it occur, will depend upon
a significant expansion of our accounting and other internal management systems and the implementation and subsequent improvement of a
variety of systems, procedures and controls. We cannot assure that significant problems in these areas will not occur. Failure to expand
these areas and implement and improve such systems, procedures and controls in an efficient manner at a pace consistent with our business
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure that attempts to
expand our marketing, sales, manufacturing and customer support efforts will succeed or generate additional sales or profits in any future
period. As a result of the expansion of our operations and the anticipated increase in our operating expenses, along with the difficulty
in forecasting revenue levels, we expect to continue to experience significant fluctuations in its results of operations. 

If we fail to establish and maintain an effective
system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or prevent fraud. Any
inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely impact the trading price
of our common stock. 

Effective internal control
over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial
reports or prevent fraud, we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed,
and our business and reputation with investors may be harmed. As a result, our small size and any current internal control deficiencies
may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and access to capital. We have carried out an evaluation under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the most recent period covered
by this report. Based on the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weakness described below. 

A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, within the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB Audit Standard
No. 5, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual
or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has identified the following material
weakness which has caused management to conclude that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting ICFR was not effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

We do not have sufficient
resources in our accounting function, which restricts our ability to gather, analyze and properly review information related to financial
reporting, including fair value estimates, in a timely manner. In addition, due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting
duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions,
the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals. Management evaluated the impact of
our failure to have segregation of duties during our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and concluded that the resulting
control deficiency represented a material weakness. 

We are currently working to
improve and simplify our internal processes and implement enhanced controls to address the material weakness in our internal control over
financial reporting and to remedy the ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. This material weakness will not be considered
to be remediated until the applicable remediated controls are operating for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded,
through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 

If our accounting
controls and procedures are circumvented or otherwise fail to achieve their intended purposes, our business could be seriously harmed. 

We
evaluate our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of each fiscal quarter, and annually review and evaluate our internal control
over financial reporting in order to comply with the Commission s rules relating to internal control over financial reporting adopted
pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or our management does not timely assess the adequacy of such
internal control, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions, and our reputation may decline. 

95 

Our internal computer
systems may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our operations . 

Like
any other business, we rely on e-mail and other digital communications methods as part of our normal operations. As such, our internal
computer systems and servers could fail or suffer security breaches, possibly resulting in a material disruption to our operations. The
secure operation of our IT networks and systems as well as the secure processing and maintenance of information is critical to our operations
and business strategy. Notwithstanding these priorities, we have experienced attempts at cybercrime such as phishing and other electronic
fraud, including efforts to misdirect payments to imposter vendors and service providers. After experiencing a financial loss due to e-mail
fraud in November 2021, we have instituted greater internal controls and procedures, both electronic and non-electronic, to combat such
fraudulent conduct. We also maintain an insurance policy to cover any losses or injuries suffered from cybercrime of this nature; however,
it may not be sufficient to cover all damages. Despite our efforts, attempts at fraud such as spoofed e-mails, requests for payment and
similar deceptions have become commonplace in the world of e-commerce and are expected to continue. If we are unable to prevent such security
breaches in the future, these events or circumstances could materially and adversely affect our operations, financial condition and operating
results and impair our ability to execute our business strategy. 

We face significant competition, including changes in pricing. 

The markets for our products
are both competitive and price sensitive. Many competitors have significant financial, operations, sales and marketing resources, plus
experience in research and development, and compete with us by offering lower prices. Competitors could develop new technologies that
compete with our products to achieve a lower unit price. If a competitor develops lower cost and/or superior technology or cost-effective
alternatives to our products and services, our business could be seriously harmed. 

The markets for some of our
products are also subject to specific competitive risks because these markets are highly price sensitive. Our competitors have competed
in the past by lowering prices on certain products. If they do so again, we may be forced to respond by lowering our prices. This would
reduce sales revenues and increase losses. Failure to anticipate and respond to price competition may also impact sales and aggravate
losses. 

Many of our competitors are larger and have
greater financial and other resources than we do. 

Our products compete and will
compete with similar if not identical products produced by our competitors. These competitive products could be marketed by well-established,
successful companies that possess greater financial, marketing, distribution personnel, and other resources than we do. Using said resources,
these companies can implement extensive advertising and promotional campaigns, both generally and in response to specific marketing efforts
by competitors. They can introduce new products to new markets more rapidly. In certain instances, competitors with greater financial
resources may be able to enter a market in direct competition with us, offering attractive marketing tools to encourage the sale of products
that compete with our products or present cost features that consumers may find attractive. 

Our growth strategy is subject to a significant
degree of risk. 

Our
growth strategy through acquisitions involves a significant degree of risk. Some of the companies that we have identified as acquisition
targets or made a significant investment in may not have a developed business or are experiencing inefficiencies and incur losses. Therefore,
we may lose our investment in the event that these companies businesses do not develop as planned or that they are unable to achieve
the anticipated cost efficiencies or reduction of losses. 

Further,
in order to implement our growth plan, we have hired additional staff and consultants to review potential investments and implement our
plan. As a result, we have substantially increased our infrastructure and costs. If we fail to quickly find new companies that provide
revenue to offset our costs, we will continue to experience losses. No assurance can be given that our product development and investments
will produce sufficient revenues to offset these increases in expenditures. 

96 

Our business and operations are growing rapidly.
If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and operating results could be harmed . 

We have experienced, and may
continue to experience, rapid growth in our operations. This has placed, and may continue to place, significant demands on our management,
operational and financial infrastructure. If we do not manage our growth effectively, the quality of our products and services could suffer,
which could negatively affect our operating results. To effectively manage our growth, we must continue to improve our operational, financial
and management controls and reporting systems and procedures. These systems improvements may require significant capital expenditures
and management resources. Failure to implement these improvements could hurt our ability to manage our growth and our financial position. 

Our operating results may vary from quarter to quarter. 

Our operating results have
in the past been subject to quarter-to-quarter fluctuations, and we expect that these fluctuations will continue, and may increase in
magnitude, in future periods. Demand for our products is driven by many factors, including the availability of funding for our products
in our customers capital budgets. There is a trend for some of our customers to place large orders near the end of a quarter or
fiscal year, in part to spend remaining available capital budget funds. Seasonal fluctuations in customer demand for our products driven
by budgetary and other concerns can create corresponding fluctuations in period-to-period revenues, and we therefore cannot assure you
that our results in one period are necessarily indicative of our revenues in any future period. In addition, the number and timing of
large individual sales and the ability to obtain acceptances of those sales, where applicable, have been difficult for us to predict,
and large individual sales have, in some cases, occurred in quarters subsequent to those we anticipated, or have not occurred at all.
The loss or deferral of one or more significant sales in a quarter could harm our operating results for such quarter. It is possible that,
in some quarters, our operating results will be below the expectations of public market analysts or investors. In such events, or in the
event adverse conditions prevail, the market price of our common stock may decline significantly. 

Changes in the U.S. tax and other laws and regulations may adversely
affect our business. 

The U.S. Government may revise
tax laws, regulations or official interpretations in ways that could have a significant adverse effect on our business, including modifications
that could reduce the profits that we can effectively realize from our international operations, or that could require costly changes
to those operations, or the way in which they are structured. For example, the effective tax rates for most U.S. companies reflect the
fact that income earned and reinvested outside the U.S. is generally taxed at local rates, which may be much lower than U.S. tax rates.
If we expand abroad and there are changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations that significantly increase the tax rates on non-U.S.
income, our effective tax rate could increase and our profits could be reduced. If such increases resulted from our status as a U.S. company,
those changes could place us at a disadvantage to our non-U.S. competitors if those competitors remain subject to lower local tax rates. 

Our sales and profitability may be affected by changes in
economic, business and industry conditions . 

If the economic climate in
the U.S. or abroad deteriorates, customers or potential customers could reduce or delay their technology investments. Reduced or delayed
technology and entertainment investments could decrease our sales and profitability. In this environment, our customers may experience
financial difficulty, cease operations and fail to budget or reduce budgets for the purchase of our products and professional services.
This may lead to longer sales cycles, delays in purchase decisions, payment and collection, and can also result in downward price pressures,
causing our sales and profitability to decline. In addition, general economic uncertainty and general declines in capital spending in
the information technology sector make it difficult to predict changes in the purchasing requirements of our customers and the markets
we serve. There are many other factors which could affect our business, including: 

The introduction and market acceptance of new technologies, products and services; 

New competitors and new forms of competition; 

The size and timing of customer orders (for retail distributed physical product); 

The size and timing of capital expenditures by our customers; 

Adverse changes in the credit quality of our customers and suppliers; 

Changes in the pricing policies of, or the introduction of, new products and services by us or our competitors; 

Changes in the terms of our contracts with our customers or suppliers; 

The availability of products from our suppliers; and 

Variations in product costs and the mix of products sold. 

97 

These trends and factors could adversely affect
our business, profitability and financial condition and diminish our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. 

The sale of our products is dependent upon
our ability to satisfy the proprietary requirements of our customers. 

We depend upon a relatively
narrow range of products for the majority of our revenue. Our success in marketing our products is dependent upon their continued acceptance
by our customers. In some cases, our customers require that our products meet their own proprietary requirements. If we are unable to
satisfy such requirements, or forecast and adapt to changes in such requirements, our business could be materially harmed. 

The sale of our products is dependent on our
ability to respond to rapid technological change, including evolving industry-wide standards, and may be adversely affected by the development,
and acceptance by our customers, of new technologies which may compete with, or reduce the demand for, our products. 

Rapid technological change,
including evolving industry standards, could render our products obsolete. To the extent our customers adopt such new technology in place
of our products, the sales of our products may be adversely affected. Such competition may also increase pricing pressure for our products
and adversely affect the revenues from such products. 

Our limited ability to protect our proprietary
information and technology may adversely affect our ability to compete, and our products could infringe upon the intellectual property
rights of others, resulting in claims against us, the results of which could be costly. 

Many of our products consist
entirely or partly of proprietary technology owned by us. Although we seek to protect our technology through a combination of copyrights,
trade secret laws and contractual obligations, these protections may not be sufficient to prevent the wrongful appropriation of our intellectual
property, nor will they prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior
to our proprietary technology. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent
as the laws of the U.S. In order to defend our proprietary rights in the technology utilized in our products from third party infringement,
we may be required to institute legal proceedings, which would be costly and would divert our resources from the development of our business.
If we are unable to successfully assert and defend our proprietary rights in the technology utilized in our products, our future results
could be adversely affected. 

Although we attempt to avoid
infringing known proprietary rights of third parties in our product development efforts, we may become subject to legal proceedings and
claims for alleged infringement from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Any claims relating to the infringement of third-party
proprietary rights, even if not meritorious, could result in costly litigation, divert management s attention and resources, require
us to reengineer or cease sales of our products or require us to enter into royalty or license agreements which are not advantageous to
us. In addition, parties making claims may be able to obtain an injunction, which could prevent us from selling our products in the U.S.
or abroad. 

If we ship products that contain defects, the
market acceptance of our products and our reputation will be harmed and our customers could seek to recover their damages from us. 

Our products are complex,
and despite extensive testing, may contain defects or undetected errors or failures that may become apparent only after our products have
been shipped to our customers and installed in their network or after product features or new versions are released. Any such defect,
error or failure could result in failure of market acceptance of our products or damage to our reputation or relations with our customers,
resulting in substantial costs for us and our customers as well as the cancellation of orders, warranty costs and product returns. In
addition, any defects, errors, misuse of our products or other potential problems within or out of our control that may arise from the
use of our products could result in financial or other damages to our customers. Our customers could seek to have us pay for these losses.
Although we maintain product liability insurance, it may not be adequate. 

The rights of the holders of common stock may
be impaired by the potential issuance of preferred stock. 

Our certificate of incorporation
gives our Board the right to create new series of preferred stock. As a result, the Board may, without stockholder approval, issue preferred
stock with voting, dividend, conversion, liquidation or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power and equity interest
of the holders of common stock. Preferred stock, which could be issued with the right to more than one vote per share, could be utilized
as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change of control. The possible impact on takeover attempts could adversely affect
the price of our common stock. We may issue shares of preferred stock in the future. 

98 

The requirements of being a public company
may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members. 

We are a public company and
subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Exchange Act requires, among other
things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls for financial reporting.
For example, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that our management report on the effectiveness of our internal controls
structure and procedures for financial reporting. Section 404 compliance may divert internal resources and will take a significant
amount of time and effort to complete. If we fail to maintain compliance under Section 404, or if our internal control over financial
reporting continues to not be effective as defined under Section 404, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the NYSE
American, the Commission, or other regulatory authorities. Furthermore, investor perceptions of our company may suffer, and this could
cause a decline in the market price of our common stock. Any failure of our internal controls could have a material adverse effect on
our stated results of operations and harm our reputation. If we are unable to implement these changes effectively or efficiently, it could
harm our operations, financial reporting or financial results and could result in an adverse opinion on internal controls from our independent
auditors. We may need to hire a number of additional employees with public accounting and disclosure experience in order to meet our ongoing
obligations as a public company, particularly if we become fully subject to Section 404 and its auditor attestation requirements, which
will increase costs. Our management team and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to new compliance initiatives
and to meeting the obligations that are associated with being a public company, which may divert attention from other business concerns,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We have identified material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting and may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain
an effective system of internal controls, which may result in material misstatements of our financial statements or cause us to fail to
meet our periodic reporting obligations. 

We are required to comply
with certain provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). Section 404 requires that
we document and test our internal control over financial reporting and issue management s assessment of our internal control over
financial reporting. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. In
making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)
in Internal Control Integrated Framework. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control
over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Based on our assessment, as of December 31, 2021, we concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting contained material weaknesses. 

The weakness will not be considered
remediated, however, until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and our management has concluded, through testing,
that these controls are operating effectively. If we fail to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the
accuracy and timeliness of the filing of our annual and quarterly reports may be materially adversely affected and could cause investors
to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock.
In addition, a material weakness in the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could result in an increased chance
of fraud and the loss of customers, reduce our ability to obtain financing and require additional expenditures to comply with these requirements,
each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If we fail to comply with the rules under
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to accounting controls and procedures, or if we discover material weaknesses and deficiencies in
our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. 

If we fail to comply with
the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to disclosure controls and procedures, or, if we discover material weaknesses
and other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could decline significantly and raising capital
could be more difficult. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting. If material weaknesses or significant deficiencies are discovered or if we otherwise fail
to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal control, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that
we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover,
effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to helping prevent financial
fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors
could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock could drop significantly. 

99 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish
research or reports about our business, or if they change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and trading
volume could decline. 

The trading market for our
common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. Our
research coverage by industry and financial analysts is currently limited. Even if our analyst coverage increases, if one or more of the
analysts who cover us downgrade our stock, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our
company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock
price or trading volume to decline. 

The elimination of monetary liability against
our directors, officers and employees under law and the existence of indemnification rights for or obligations to our directors, officers
and employees may result in substantial expenditures by us and may discourage lawsuits against our directors, officers and employees. 

Our certificate of incorporation
contains a provision permitting us to eliminate the personal liability of our directors to us and our stockholders for damages for the
breach of a fiduciary duty as a director or officer to the extent provided by Delaware law. We may also have contractual indemnification
obligations under any future employment agreements with our officers. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result in us incurring
substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors and officers, which we may be unable to recoup.
These provisions and the resulting costs may also discourage us from bringing a lawsuit against directors and officers for breaches of
their fiduciary duties, and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our stockholders against our directors and
officers even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. 

We do not anticipate paying dividends on our
common stock and, accordingly, stockholders must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment. 

We have never declared or
paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not expect to do so in the foreseeable future. The declaration of dividends is subject
to the discretion of our Board and will depend on various factors, including our operating results, financial condition, future prospects
and any other factors deemed relevant by our Board. You should not rely on an investment in our company if you require dividend income
from your investment in our company. The success of your investment will likely depend entirely upon any future appreciation of the market
price of our common stock, which is uncertain and unpredictable. There is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Because we are a smaller reporting company, this
section is not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our corporate headquarters
office utilizes 9,560 square feet of leased office space in Las Vegas, Nevada. One of our Las Vegas leases commenced in January 2021,
expired in December 2022, and is currently leased on a month-to-month basis. Our other Las Vegas lease commenced in August 2021 and expires
in August 2024. The annual base rent under the leases, payable on a monthly basis, was approximately 0.3 million during 2022. 

We also lease additional corporate
offices in Costa Mesa, California and New York, New York. Our leases expire between April 2023 and December 2024. The annual base rent
under the leases, payable on a monthly basis, was approximately 0.3 million during 2022. 

We own a 617,000 square foot
data center in Dowagiac, Michigan, in which we operate our cryptocurrency mining operations for our BNI segment, in addition to renting
commercial office and warehouse space. 

Our GIGA segment leases 47,771
square feet of office, engineering, laboratory and warehouse space in Scottsdale, Arizona, Shelton, Connecticut and Dublin, California.
Our leases expire between August 2023 and May 2026. The annual base rent under the leases, payable on a monthly basis, was approximately
 0.5 million during 2022. Our GIGA segment also leases 65,390 square feet of office and manufacturing space internationally in Salisbury,
United Kingdom, Dorset, United Kingdom, and Karmeil, Israel. The annual base rent, payable on a monthly basis, was approximately 0.5
million in 2022. The leases expire between September 2024 and May 2031. 

100 

Our TurnOnGreen segment leases
39,965 square feet of office, engineering, laboratory and warehouse space in two locations in Milpitas, California. Our leases expire
between November 2024 and January 2026. The annual base rent under the leases, payable on a monthly basis, was approximately 0.5 million
during 2022. 

Our SMC segment leases 92,500
square feet of office and warehouse space in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida and Ontario, California. Our leases expire between August 2023 and
March 2024. The annual base rent under the leases, payable on a monthly basis, was approximately 93,000 during 2022. 

Our AGREE segment owns and
operates three hotels in Middleton, Wisconsin, a hotel and undeveloped land in Rockford, Illinois, all of which are subject to a mortgage,
and a parcel of land in St. Peterburg, Florida. 

Our Energy segment crane rental
business leases 27,909 of commercial buildings and 10 acres of land in Carthage, Texas,Clinton, Oklahoma, Houston, Texas, and Robstown,
Texas. Our leases expire between March 2024 and April 20227. The annual base rent under the leases, payable on a monthly basis, was approximately
 23,000 in 2022. 

We currently anticipate that the current leased
space will be sufficient to support our current and foreseeable future needs. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Litigation Matters 

The Company is involved in
litigation arising from other matters in the ordinary course of business. We are regularly subject to claims, suits, regulatory and government
investigations, and other proceedings involving labor and employment, commercial disputes, and other matters. Such claims, suits, regulatory
and government investigations, and other proceedings could result in fines, civil penalties, or other adverse consequences. 

Certain of these outstanding
matters include speculative, substantial or indeterminate monetary amounts. We record a liability when we believe that it is probable
that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss
or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss. We evaluate developments in our legal matters that could
affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and
make adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine both likelihood of there being and the estimated amount
of a loss related to such matters. 

With respect to our other
outstanding matters, based on our current knowledge, we believe that the amount or range of reasonably possible loss will not, either
individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations,
or cash flows. However, the outcome of such matters is inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. 

Blockchain Mining Supply and Services, Ltd. 

On November 28, 2018, Blockchain
Mining Supply and Services, Ltd. Blockchain Mining a vendor who sold computers to our subsidiary, filed a Complaint (the
 Complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against us and our subsidiary, Digital
Farms, Inc. (f/k/a Super Crypto Mining, Inc.), in an action captioned Blockchain Mining Supply and Services, Ltd. v. Super Crypto Mining,
Inc. and DPW Holdings, Inc. , Case No. 18-cv-11099. 

 The Complaint asserts claims
for breach of contract and promissory estoppel against us and our subsidiary arising from the subsidiary s alleged failure to honor
its obligations under the purchase agreement. The Complaint seeks monetary damages in excess of 1.4 million, plus attorneys fees
and costs. 

Based on our assessment of
the facts underlying the claims, the uncertainty of litigation, and the preliminary stage of the case, we cannot reasonably estimate the
potential loss or range of loss that may result from this action. Notwithstanding, we have established a 1.3 million reserve, the amount
of the unpaid portion of the purchase agreement, which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses. An unfavorable outcome may
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

101 

Ding Gu (a/k/a Frank Gu) and Xiaodan Wang Litigation 

On January 17, 2020, Ding
Gu (a/k/a Frank Gu) Gu and Xiaodan Wang Wang and with Gu collectively, Plaintiffs ),
filed a Complaint (the Complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York against us and our Chief
Executive Officer, Milton C. Ault, III, in an action captioned Ding Gu (a/k/a Frank Gu) and Xiaodan Wang v. DPW Holdings, Inc. and
Milton C. Ault III (a/k/a Milton Todd Ault III a/k/a Todd Ault) , Index No. 650438/2020. 

The Complaint asserts causes
of action for declaratory judgment, specific performance, breach of contract, conversion, attorneys fees, permanent injunction,
enforcement of Guaranty, unjust enrichment, money had and received, and fraud arising from: (i) a series of transactions entered into
between Gu and us, as well as Gu and Ault, in or about May 2019; and (ii) a term sheet entered into between Plaintiffs and DPW, in or
about July 2019. The Complaint seeks, among other things, monetary damages in excess of 1.1 million, plus a decree of specific performance
directing DPW to deliver unrestricted shares of DPW s common stock to Gu, plus attorneys fees and costs. 

On or about November
28, 2022, we and Plaintiffs entered into a stipulation of settlement (the Stipulation of Settlement ), which Stipulation
of Settlement was further amended by us and Plaintiffs, by amendments dated, January 12, 2023, February 2, 2023, and February 23, 2023. 

On or about December
12, 2022, Plaintiffs and Mr. Ault entered into a stipulation of discontinuance, pursuant to which, among other things, Plaintiffs dismissed
all claims asserted against Mr. Ault in the action, with prejudice. 

SEC Subpoena 

The Company and certain affiliates
and related parties have received several subpoenas from the SEC for the production of documents and testimony. The Company is fully cooperating
with this non-public, fact-finding inquiry and management believes that the Company has operated its business in compliance with all applicable
laws. The subpoenas expressly provide that the inquiry is not to be construed as an indication by the Commission or its staff that any
violations of the federal securities laws have occurred, nor should they be considered a reflection upon any person, entity or security.
However, there can be no assurance as to the outcome of this matter. The Company recorded a 1.0 million loss contingency related to this
matter. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

102 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is listed
on the NYSE American under the symbol AULT. 

Record Holders 

 As of April 17, 2023, 415,746,694
shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding and were owned by 39 holders of record. A number of holders of our common stock
are street name or beneficial holders whose shares of record are held by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. 

Dividend Policy 

We have not declared or paid
any cash dividends since our inception, and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The declaration of dividends
in the future, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend upon our earnings, capital requirements, and financial position. 

Equity Compensation Information 

The
information required by this item regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in Item 12
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Not applicable. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

From
October 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, Ault Alpha LP purchased 4,950,129 shares of common stock and 151 shares of Series D Preferred
Stock. Ault Alpha LP may be deemed to be an affiliated purchaser as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. The purchases were made through open-market transactions. 

Common Stock Purchased 

Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 Average Price Paid Per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under Plans or Programs 
 
 October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 
 1,034,776 
 0.18 

November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 
 415,353 
 0.16 

December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 
 3,500,000 
 0.11 

Total 
 4,950,129 
 0.13 
 - 
 - 

103 

Series D Preferred
Stock Purchased 

Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 Average Price Paid Per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under Plans or Programs 
 
 October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 
 151 
 13.5 

November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 
 - 
 - 

December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 151 
 13.5 
 - 
 - 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among others, (a) our expectations about possible business combinations,
(b) our growth strategies, (c) our future financing plans, and (d) our anticipated needs for working capital. Forward-looking statements,
which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words
 may, will, should, expect, anticipate, approximate, 
 estimate, believe, intend, plan, budget, could, forecast, 
 might, predict, shall or project, or the negative of these words or other variations
on these words or comparable terminology. This information may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that
may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance, or achievements
expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. These statements may be found in this Annual Report. 

Forward-looking statements
are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, potential target businesses, the economy and other future
conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks,
and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the risks outlined under Risk Factors in this
Annual Report, changes in local, regional, national or global political, economic, business, competitive, market (supply and demand) and
regulatory conditions and the following: 

Adverse economic conditions; 

Our ability to effectively execute our business plan; 

Inability to raise sufficient additional capital to operate our business; 

Our ability to manage our expansion, growth and operating expenses; 

Our ability to evaluate and measure our business, prospects and performance metrics; 

Our ability to compete and succeed in highly competitive and evolving industries; 

Our ability to respond and adapt to changes in technology and customer behavior; 

Our ability to protect our intellectual property and to develop, maintain and enhance a strong brand;
and 

Other specific risks referred to in the section entitled Risk Factors . 

We caution you therefore that
you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements as statements of historical fact or as guarantees or assurances of future
performance. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. We undertake no obligation to update any
forward-looking statements or other information contained herein unless required by law. 

Information regarding market
and industry statistics contained in this Annual Report is included based on information available to us that we believe is accurate.
It is generally based on academic and other publications that are not produced for purposes of securities offerings or economic analysis.
Forecasts and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources are subject to the same qualifications and the additional
uncertainties accompanying any estimates of future market size, revenue and market acceptance of products and services. Except as required
by U.S. federal securities laws, we have no obligation to update forward-looking information to reflect actual results or changes in assumptions
or other factors that could affect those statements. See the section entitled Risk Factors for a more detailed discussion
of risks and uncertainties that may have an impact on our future results. 

104 

In this Annual Report, the
 Company, AAI , we, us and our 
refer to Ault Alliance, Inc., a Delaware corporation formerly known as BitNile Holdings, which was incorporated in September 2017. AAI
is a diversified holding company pursuing growth by acquiring undervalued businesses and disruptive technologies with a global impact.
Through our wholly- and majority-owned subsidiaries and strategic investments, we own and operate a data center at which we mine Bitcoin,
and provide mission-critical products that support a diverse range of industries, including crane services, oil exploration, defense/aerospace,
industrial, automotive, medical/biopharma, consumer electronics, hotel operations and textiles. In addition, we extend credit to select
entrepreneurial businesses through a licensed lending subsidiary. 

Our direct and indirect wholly
owned subsidiaries include (i) Ault Lending, LLC Ault Lending, formerly known as Digital Power Lending, LLC), (ii) Ault
Global Real Estate Equities, Inc. AGREE ), which wholly owns AGREE Madison, LLC AGREE Madison and Third
Avenue Apartments LLC Third Avenue Apartments ), (iii) Ault Disruptive Technologies Company, LLC ADTC ), (iv)
BitNile, Inc. BNI ), which wholly owns Alliance Cloud Services, LLC ACS and BNI Montana, LLC BNI
Montana ), (v) Circle 8 Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Circle 8 Holdco ), (vi) Ault Energy, LLC Ault Energy ), and (vii) Ault Aviation, LLC Ault Aviation ). We also have a direct controlling interest in
(i) Imperalis Holding Corp. IMHC or TurnOnGreen ), which wholly owns TOG Technologies, Inc. TOG Technologies and Digital Power Corporation Digital Power ), (ii) Giga-tronics Incorporated GIGA ), which wholly owns Gresham
Worldwide, Inc. GWW ), which in turn wholly owns Gresham Power Electronics Ltd. Gresham Power ), Enertec Systems
2001 Ltd. Enertec ), Relec Electronics Ltd. Relec and has a controlling interest in Microphase Corporation Microphase and (iii) Avalanche International Corp. Avalanche or AVLP ). Ault Lending has a
controlling interest in The Singing Machine Company, Inc. SMC ), Circle 8 Holdco has a controlling interest in Circle 8
Newco LLC Circle 8 ), and ADTC is the sponsor of Ault Disruptive Technologies Corporation Ault Disruptive ). 

Recent Events and Developments 

On
February 4, 2022, we and our former subsidiary Ault Alliance, Inc. (the Former AAI entered into a securities purchase agreement
providing for our purchase of BNI from the Former AAI. As a result of this transaction, both BNI and the Former AAI became stand-alone
wholly owned subsidiaries of ours. The Former AAI was merged out of existence on January 3, 2023 in connection with the change in our
corporate name from BitNile Holdings, Inc. to Ault Alliance, Inc. 

On
February 10, 2022, consistent with our objective to have BNI operate the entirety of our business that relates to cryptocurrencies, the
Former AAI assigned the entirety of its interest in ACS to BNI. 

On February 25, 2022, we entered
into an At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the 2022 Sales Agreement with Ascendiant to sell shares of common stock
having an aggregate offering price of up to 200 million from time to time, through an at the market offering program (the
 2022 ATM Offering ). The offer and sale of shares of common stock from the 2022 ATM Offering was made pursuant to our effective
 shelf registration statement on Form S-3 and an accompanying base prospectus contained therein (Registration Statement No.
333-260618) which became effective on November 12, 2021. Through March 13, 2023, we received gross proceeds of approximately 177 million
through the sale of approximately 317.9 million shares of common stock from the 2022 ATM Offering. The 2022 Sales Agreement has been terminated. 

On March 20, 2022, we and
IMHC entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Acquisition Agreement with TOGI, which closed on September 6, 2022
(the Closing Date ). According to the Acquisition Agreement, we (i) delivered to IMHC all of the outstanding shares of common
stock of TOGI that we owned, and (ii) forgave and eliminated the intracompany accounts between us and TOGI evidencing historical equity
investments made by us in TOGI, in the approximate amount of 36 million, in consideration for the issuance by IMHC to us (the Transaction of an aggregate of 25,000 newly designated shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the IMHC Preferred Stock ), with each such
share having a stated value of 1,000. Immediately following the Closing Date, TOGI became a wholly owned subsidiary of IMHC. The parties
to the Agreement have agreed that, upon completion of the Transaction but subject to IMHC s compliance with the federal securities
laws, IMHC will change its name to TurnOnGreen, Inc. Further, through an upstream merger whereby the current TOGI ceased to exist, which
was consummated on September 8, 2022, IMHC owns the former TOGI s two operating subsidiaries, TOG Technologies and Digital Power.
IMHC intends to dissolve its dormant subsidiary. 

On
September 5, 2022, we, IMHC and TOGI entered into an amendment to the Acquisition Agreement (the Amendment ), pursuant to
which IMHC agreed to (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to effectuate a distribution by us of approximately 140 million shares of
Common Stock that we beneficially own (the Distribution ), including the filing of a registration statement (the Distribution
Registration Statement with the SEC, (ii) to issue to us warrants to purchase an equivalent number of shares of Common Stock
to be issued in the Distribution (the Warrants ), and (iii) to register the Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants on the Distribution Registration Statement. 

105 

On June 1, 2022, the Company
converted the principal amount under the convertible promissory notes issued to it by AVLP and accrued but unpaid interest into common
stock of AVLP. The Company converted 20.0 million in principal and 5.9 million of accrued interest receivable at a conversion price
of 0.50 per share and received 51,889,168 shares of common stock increasing its common stock ownership of AVLP from less than 20 to
approximately 92 . 

On
June 8, 2022, Ault Lending entered into a securities purchase agreement with BMI whereby Ault Lending agreed to purchase 12 million of
a new series of convertible preferred stock of BMI, which transaction closed on June 29, 2022. As part of the transaction we were issued
102,881 shares of BMI s common stock and a warrant to purchase forty-nine percent (49 of BMI s common stock calculated on
a fully-diluted basis, subject to certain terms and conditions. Pursuant to a mutually agreed upon use of proceeds, BMI intends to deploy
significant proceeds via its subsidiary White River Holdings Corp. White River towards an oil drilling program across
its cumulative 30,000 acres of active mineral leases at both shallow, intermediate, and deep levels. BMI also intends to deploy additional
proceeds via its subsidiary Agora Digital Holdings, Inc. Agora Digital to provide us with up to 78 megawatts MW of power within the State of Texas for digital asset mining capacity, subject to our election to proceed with this facility after having
conducted the requisite due diligence. 

On
December 6, 2022, BNI entered into a hosting agreement with Agora Digital securing up to 78 MW of power. Agora Digital will initially
provide up to 12 MW of electricity for our use, which we believe will enable us to initially power 3,750 S19j Pro miners in the first
half of 2023. The Agora Digital power capacity would, if the project proceeds as presently anticipated, expedite our recently announced
plans to significantly expand our Bitcoin mining production capacity, including growing our number of deployed Bitcoin miners to approximately
23,065, representing an expected mining production capacity of approximately 2.67 exahashes per second. 

On June 10, 2022, we entered
into an At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the 2022 Preferred Sales Agreement with Ascendiant to sell shares of our
13.00 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Preferred Shares having an aggregate offering price of up to
 46.4 million from time to time, through an at the market offering program (the 2022 ATM Preferred Offering ).
The offer and sale of Preferred Shares from the 2022 ATM Preferred Offering was made pursuant to our effective shelf registration
statement on Form S-3 and an accompanying base prospectus contained therein (Registration Statement No. 333-260618) which became effective
on November 12, 2021. Through March 31, 2023, we had received gross proceeds of approximately 1.7 million through the sale of 118,586
Preferred Shares in the 2022 ATM Preferred Offering. 

In June 2022, Ault Lending
purchased a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of SMC in open market transactions. SMC is a Nasdaq-listed company that is
a worldwide leader in consumer karaoke products. The first to provide karaoke systems for home entertainment in the United
States, SMC sells its products worldwide through major mass merchandisers and online retailers. SMC
products incorporate the latest technology for singing practice, music listening, entertainment and social sharing and provides access
to over 100,000 songs for streaming and download. 

On July 11, 2022, we announced
the formation of Ault Energy, LLC Ault Energy ), a wholly owned subsidiary of ours. Ault Energy will partner with White
River, a majority owned subsidiary of BMI on drilling projects across 30,000 acres in Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi. Ault Energy, as
Ault Lending s designee, has the right to purchase up to 25 , or such higher percentages at the discretion of White River, in various
drilling projects of White River. In August 2022, Ault Energy committed to purchasing 40 of the first drilling project offered, at a
cost to Ault Energy of approximately 1 million. 

On August 10, 2022, we, through
our BNI and Ault Lending subsidiaries, entered into a note purchase agreement providing for the issuance of secured promissory notes
with an aggregate principal face amount of 11.0 million and an interest rate of 10 . The purchase price for the secured promissory notes
was 10.0 million. The holders of the secured promissory notes have a security interest in marketable securities, investments and certain
Bitcoin mining equipment. The secured promissory notes are further secured by a guaranty provided by us, as well as by Milton C. Ault,
our Executive Chairman. The maturity date of the secured promissory notes is August 10, 2023. BNI is required to make monthly payments
(principal and interest) of 1.0 million on the tenth calendar day of each month, starting in September 2022. After six months, BNI may
elect to pay a forbearance fee of 0.3 million in lieu of a monthly payment, which would extend the maturity date of the related secured
promissory notes. 

106 

On
August 15, 2022, BNI entered into a hosting agreement with Compute North LLC Compute North ). On September 22, 2022, Compute
North filed for bankruptcy protection, effectively rendering this hosting agreement null and void. We have retained counsel to assist
in this matter. We have removed the Bitcoin miners that were installed at the hosting facility in Texas. 

During
2022 and more recently in 2023, a number of companies in the crypto assets industry have declared bankruptcy, including Celsius Network
LLC, Voyager Digital Ltd., BlockFi Lending LLC, FTX Trading Ltd. and Genesis Global Holdco LLC. Such bankruptcies have contributed, at
least in part, to further price decreases in Bitcoin, a loss of confidence in the participants of the digital asset ecosystem and negative
publicity surrounding digital assets more broadly. To date, aside from BNI s claim against Compute North under the hosting agreement,
the general decrease in the price of Bitcoin and in our and our peers stock price that may be indirectly attributable to the bankruptcies
in the crypto assets industry, we have not been indirectly or directly materially impacted by such bankruptcies. BNI has not failed to
recover any material assets due to the bankruptcies or otherwise lost or misappropriated any such assets. On December 6, 2022, as noted
above, BNI entered into a new hosting agreement with Agora Digital to replace the Compute North hosting agreement. We continue to conduct
diligence, including into liquidity or insolvency issues, on third parties in the crypto asset space with whom we have potential or ongoing
relationships. While we have not been materially impacted by any liquidity or insolvency issues with such third parties to date, there
is no guarantee that our counterparties will not experience liquidity or insolvency issues in the future. 

On November 7, 2022, we and
certain of our subsidiaries borrowed 18.9 million of principal amount of term loans (the Loans from a group of institutional
investors (the Financing ). The Loans mature in 18 months, which may be extended to 24 months, accrue interest at the rate
of 8.5 per annum and are secured by certain of our and certain of our subsidiaries assets. Starting in January 2023, the lenders
have the right to require us to make monthly payments of 0.6 million, which will increase to 1.1 million in November 2023. The Loans
were issued with an original issue discount of 1.89 million. 

The lenders received warrants
to purchase approximately 4.5 million shares of our common stock, exercisable for four years at 0.45 per share and warrants to purchase
another approximately 4.5 million shares of our common stock, exercisable for four years at 0.75 per share, subject to adjustment. 

On November 7, 2022, Ault
Aviation, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Ault Aviation ), used proceeds from the Loans to purchase a private
aircraft for a total purchase price of 15.8 million. In addition, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into various
agreements as collateral for the repayment of the Loans, including (i) a security interest in certain Bitcoin mining equipment, (ii) a
pledge of the membership interests of Third Avenue Apartments, (iii) a pledge of the membership interests of ACS, (iv) a pledge of the
membership interests of Ault Aviation, (v) a pledge in a segregated deposit account of 1.5 million of cash, (vi) a mortgage and security
agreement by Third Avenue Apartments on the real estate property owned by Third Avenue Apartments in St. Petersburg, Florida, (vii) a
future advance mortgage by ACS on the real estate property owned by ACS in Dowagiac, Michigan, and (viii) an aircraft mortgage and security
agreement by Ault Aviation on the private aircraft purchased by Ault Aviation on November 7, 2022. The Loans are guaranteed by Ault Lending,
LLC, Ault Company, Inc., an affiliate of the Company, as well as Milton C. Ault, III, our Executive Chairman and the Chief Executive
Officer of Ault Company, Inc. 

On November 18, 2022, Circle
8 entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement with Circle 8 Crane Services LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company Circle 8 Crane Services pursuant to which Circle 8 agreed to purchase substantially all of the assets
(the Acquired Assets and assume certain specified liabilities of Circle 8 Crane Services (the Circle 8 Transaction ).
Circle 8 is a wholly owned subsidiary of Circle 8 Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

On
December 19, 2022, the Asset Purchase Agreement referred to above closed and Circle 8 purchased the Acquired Assets. As consideration
for the acquisition of the Acquired Assets, Circle 8 Crane Services received Class D equity interests in Circle 8 Holdco and is eligible
to receive cash earnout payments in an aggregate maximum amount of up to 2.1 million based on the achievement by Circle 8 of certain
EBITDA targets over the three year period following the completion of the acquisition of the Acquired Assets by Circle 8. We contributed
 12 million to Circle 8, and an independent third party contributed 4 million, of which approximately 11.7 million was used to
pay down a portion of the Circle 8 Crane Services senior debt facility at the closing, 3.0 million of which was used to pay off
Circle 8 Crane Services subordinated debt facility in full at the closing and 1.4 million was used to pay the expenses of Circle
8 and Circle 8 Crane Services. In addition, Circle 8 assumed a new line of credit issued by Circle 8 Crane Services current senior
lender. Circle 8 Holdco is a subsidiary of the former AAI, a Delaware corporation but is presently directly owned by us. We own a controlling
interest in Circle 8 Holdco. 

On
December 16, 2022 we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with an accredited investor (the Investor providing for the issuance of a secured promissory note (the Note with an aggregate principal face amount of 14.7 million
(the Financing ). On December 29, 2022, the Company and the accredited investor entered into an amended and restated amendment
to the SPA, pursuant to which the total amount of the financing was increased to 17.5 million and the Company sold an additional note
to a second accredited investor. 

107 

Under the SPA, we are obligated
to repay, while the Note remains outstanding, (i) eighty percent (80 of the proceeds we may receive from any financing conducted, other
than at-the-market offerings and (ii) one hundred percent (100 of the proceeds we may receive from the sale of marketable securities
by Ault Lending. In addition, if Third Avenue Apartments, LLC Third Avenue ), our wholly owned subsidiary, sells the property
it owns in St. Peterburg, Florida, then we will use the net proceeds from the sale of such property in excess of 10 million, to repay
the Note. In addition, we agreed to issue 11.6 million shares of our common stock to the Investor in exchange for the cancellation of
all outstanding warrants previously issued to the Investor, which warrants were exercisable for 11.6 million shares of our common stock. 

On January 23, 2023, we filed
a Certificate of Elimination with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware with respect to our Series C convertible redeemable
preferred stock Series C Preferred Stock which, effective upon filing, eliminated the Series C Preferred Stock. 

On February 8, 2023, we entered
into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Agreement with BMI and the other signatories thereto. The Agreement provides that,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, BMI will acquire all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of our then subsidiary,
BitNile.com, Inc. BitNile.com ), of which we owned approximately 86 , and the remaining 14 was owned by minority shareholders
(the Minority Shareholders ), as well as Ault Iconic, (formerly Ault Media Group) and the securities of Earnity beneficially
owned by BitNile.com (which represented approximately 19.9 of the outstanding equity securities of Earnity as of the date of the Agreement),
in exchange for the following: (i) 8,637.5 shares of newly designated Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of BMI to be issued to our
company (the Series B Preferred ), and (ii) 1,362.5 shares of newly designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of BMI
to be issued to the to the Minority Shareholders (the Series C Preferred, and together with the Series B Preferred, the
 Preferred Stock ). The Series B Preferred and the Series C Preferred each have a stated value of 10,000 per share (the Stated
Value ), for a combined stated value of the Preferred Stock to be issued by BMI of 100 million, and subject to adjustment, are
convertible into an aggregate of 400 million shares of common stock of BMI (the BMI Common Stock ), which represent and pursuant
to the Agreement will represent approximately 92.4 of BMI s outstanding BMI Common Stock on a fully-diluted basis as of the date
of the Agreement. However, pending approval of the transaction by BMI s shareholders, the Preferred Stock is subject to a 19.9 
beneficial ownership limitation, including the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock that we acquired from BMI in June of 2022. The Agreement
provides that BMI will seek shareholder approval (the Shareholder Approval following the closing. 

Pursuant to the Certificates
of Designations of the Rights, Preferences and Limitations of the Series B Preferred and the Series C Preferred (collectively, the Preferred
Stock Certificates ), each share of Preferred Stock will be convertible into a number of shares of BMI Common Stock determined by
dividing the Stated Value by 0.25 (the Conversion Price ), or 40,000 shares of BMI Common Stock. The Conversion Price will
be subject to certain adjustments, including potential downward adjustment if BMI closes a qualified financing resulting in at least 25
million in gross proceeds at a price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price then in effect. The holders of Preferred Stock
will be entitled to receive dividends at a rate of 5 of the Stated Value per annum from issuance until February 7, 2033 (the Dividend
Term ). During the first two years of the Dividend Term, dividends will be payable in additional shares of Preferred Stock rather
than cash, and thereafter dividends will be payable in either additional shares of Preferred Stock or cash as each holder may elect. If
BMI fails to make a dividend payment as required by the Preferred Stock Certificates, the dividend rate will be increased to 12 for as
long as such default remains ongoing and uncured. Each share of Preferred Stock will also have an 11,000 liquidation preference in the
event of a liquidation, change of control event, dissolution or winding up of BMI, and will rank senior to all other capital stock of
BMI with respect thereto, except that the Series B Preferred and Series C Preferred shall rank pari passu. Each share of Series B Preferred
was originally entitled to vote with the BMI Common Stock at a rate of 10 votes per share of Common Stock into which the Series B Preferred
is convertible, but that provision was subsequently eliminated. Other than certain rights granted to the Company relating to amendments
or waiver of various negative covenants, the terms, rights, preferences and limitations of the Preferred Stock Certificates are essentially
identical. The Agreement closed on March 6, 2023. 

On March 28, 2023, we entered
into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors (the Investors ),
pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell, in a private placement, an aggregate of 100,000 shares of our preferred stock, with each
such share having a stated value of 100.00 and consisting of (i) 83,000 shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series
E Preferred Stock ), (ii) 1,000 shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series F Preferred Stock and
(iii) 16,000 shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series G Preferred Stock and collectively, the Preferred
Shares ). The Preferred Shares will be convertible into shares of our common stock at the option of the holders and, in certain
circumstances, by us. 

108 

Each share of Series E Preferred
Stock and Series F Preferred Stock had a purchase price of 100.00, equal to each such share s stated value. The purchase price
of the Series E Preferred Stock and the Series F Preferred Stock was paid for by the Investors canceling outstanding secured promissory
notes in the principal amount of 8.4 million, whereas the purchase price of the shares of Series G Preferred Stock consisted of accrued
but unpaid interest on these notes, as well as for other good and valuable consideration. Each Preferred Share is convertible into shares
of our common stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the closing sale price of our common stock on the trading day prior to the date
of conversion, subject to a floor price of 0.10. The Preferred Shares are convertible at the option of the holder at any time following
our receipt of stockholder approval of the Reverse Split (as defined below). The private placement closed on March 30, 2023. 

We have called a special meeting
of stockholders to consider an amendment (the Amendment to our certificate of incorporation to authorize a reverse split
of our common stock (the Reverse Split ). The Investors agreed in the Purchase Agreement to not transfer, offer, sell, contract
to sell, hypothecate, pledge or otherwise dispose of the Preferred Shares until after the Reverse Split. Pursuant to the certificate of
designation of the Series E Preferred Stock, the shares of Series E Preferred Stock have the right to vote on such Amendment on an as
converted to common stock basis. In addition, pursuant to the certificate of designation of the Series F Preferred Stock, the shares of
Series F Preferred Stock have the right to vote on such Amendment. Each Investor has separately agreed to vote the shares of the Series
E Preferred Stock in favor of the Amendment and that the shares of the Series F Preferred Stock shall automatically be voted in a manner
that mirrors the proportions on which the shares of our common stock and Series E Preferred Stock are voted on the Amendment.
The Amendment requires the approval of the majority of the votes associated with our outstanding capital stock entitled to vote on the
proposal. Because the Series F Preferred Stock will automatically and without further action of the purchaser be voted in a manner that
 mirrors the proportions on which the shares of common stock and Series E Preferred Stock are voted on the Reverse Split,
abstentions by common stockholders will not have any effect on the votes cast by the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock. The Series
G Preferred Stock does not carry any voting rights, except as required by law or expressly provided by its certificate of designation. 

Our Corporate Structure 

On January 19, 2021, we changed
our corporate name from DPW Holdings, Inc. to Ault Global Holdings, Inc. and, on December 13, 2021, we changed our corporate name from
Ault Global Holdings, Inc. to BitNile Holdings, Inc. (together, the Name Changes ). The Name Changes were each effected through
a parent/subsidiary short form merger pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated January 7, 2021 and December 1, 2021, respectively.
Neither of the mergers nor the corresponding Name Change affected the rights of our security holders. Our common stock is traded on the
NYSE American under the symbol NILE. Existing stock certificates that reflect our prior corporate name continue to be valid.
Certificates reflecting the new corporate name are issued as old stock certificates are tendered for exchange or transfer to our transfer
agent. Concurrently with the change in our name to Ault Global Holdings, Inc., Milton C. Ault III was appointed as our Executive Chairman,
William B. Horne was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer and remains as Vice Chairman of our Board, and Henry Nisser was appointed
as our President and remains as our General Counsel. 

109 

Our corporate structure is
currently as follows: 

General 

As a holding company, our
business objective is designed to increase stockholder value. Under the strategy we have adopted, we are focused on managing and financially
supporting our existing subsidiaries and partner companies, with the goal of pursuing monetization opportunities and maximizing the value
returned to stockholders. We have, are and will consider initiatives including, among others: public offerings, the sale of individual
partner companies, the sale of certain or all partner company interests in secondary market transactions, or a combination thereof, as
well as other opportunities to maximize stockholder value. We anticipate returning value to stockholders after satisfying our debt obligations
and working capital needs. 

From time to time, we engage
in discussions with other companies interested in our subsidiaries or partner companies, either in response to inquiries or as part of
a process we initiate. To the extent we believe that a subsidiary or partner company s further growth and development can best be
supported by a different ownership structure or if we otherwise believe it is in our stockholders best interests, we will seek
to sell some or all of our position in the subsidiary or partner company. These sales may take the form of privately negotiated sales
of stock or assets, mergers and acquisitions, public offerings of the subsidiary or partner company s securities and, in the case
of publicly traded partner companies, sales of their securities in the open market. Our plans may include taking subsidiaries or partner
companies public through rights offerings and directed share subscription programs. We will continue to consider these (or similar) programs
and the sale of certain subsidiary or partner company interests in secondary market transactions to maximize value for our stockholders. 

In recent years, we have provided
capital and relevant expertise to fuel the growth of businesses in oil exploration, defense/aerospace, industrial, automotive, medical/biopharma,
karaoke audio equipment, hotel operations and textiles. We have provided capital to subsidiaries as well as partner companies in which
we have an equity interest or may be actively involved, influencing development through board representation and management support. 

110 

We are a Delaware corporation
with our corporate office located at 11411 Southern Highlands Pkwy, Suite 240, Las Vegas, NV 89141. Our phone number is 949-444-5464 and
our website address is www.ault.com. 

Results of Operations 

Results of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 

The following table summarizes
the results of our operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 
 61,561,000 
 32,096,000 
 
 Revenue, cryptocurrency mining 
 16,693,000 
 3,450,000 
 
 Revenue, hotel operations 
 16,697,000 
 - 
 
 Revenue, crane operations 
 2,739,000 
 - 
 
 Revenue, lending and trading activities 
 36,644,000 
 16,854,000 
 
 Total revenue 
 134,334,000 
 52,400,000 
 
 Cost of revenue, products 
 44,508,000 
 22,733,000 
 
 Cost of revenue, cryptocurrency mining 
 21,508,000 
 1,125,000 
 
 Cost of revenue, hotel operations 
 11,406,000 
 - 
 
 Cost of revenue, crane operations 
 940,000 
 - 
 
 Total cost of revenue 
 78,362,000 
 23,858,000 
 
 Gross profit 
 55,972,000 
 28,542,000 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 196,140,000 
 46,903,000 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (140,168,000 
 (18,361,000 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Interest and other income 
 2,594,000 
 808,000 
 
 Interest expense 
 (42,546,000 
 (1,871,000 
 
 Change in fair value of equity securities, related party 
 - 
 (7,773,000 
 
 Accretion of discount on note receivable, related party 
 - 
 4,210,000 
 
 Impairment of debt securities, net 
 - 
 (594,000 
 
 Change in fair value of marketable equity securities 
 (2,144,000 
 (1,327,000 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 929,000 
 
 Realized (loss) gain on marketable securities 
 (419,000 
 1,924,000 
 
 Loss from investment in unconsolidated entity 
 (924,000 
 (311,000 
 
 Impairment of equity securities 
 (11,500,000 
 - 
 
 Gain from bargain purchase of business 
 806,000 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 (17,000 
 (542,000 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (194,318,000 
 (22,908,000 
 
 Income tax (benefit) provision 
 (4,485,000 
 130,000 
 
 Net loss 
 (189,833,000 
 (23,038,000 
 
 Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interest 
 8,017,000 
 (213,000 
 
 Net loss attributable to Ault Alliance, Inc. 
 (181,816,000 
 (23,251,000 
 
 Preferred dividends 
 (393,000 
 (18,000 
 
 Net loss available to common stockholders 
 (182,209,000 
 (23,269,000 
 
 Comprehensive (loss) income 

Net loss income available to common stockholders 
 (182,209,000 
 (23,269,000 
 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 (995,000 
 85,000 
 
 Impairment of debt securities 
 - 
 594,000 
 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income 
 (995,000 
 679,000 
 
 Total comprehensive loss 
 (183,204,000 
 (22,590,000 

111 

Revenues 

Revenues by segment for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 Increase 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 

GIGA 
 30,255,000 
 25,581,000 
 4,674,000 
 18 
 
 TurnOnGreen 
 5,522,000 
 5,346,000 
 176,000 
 3 
 
 SMC 
 24,224,000 
 - 
 24,224,000 

BNI 

Revenue, cryptocurrency mining 
 16,693,000 
 3,450,000 
 13,243,000 
 384 
 
 Revenue, commercial real estate leases 
 1,105,000 
 788,000 
 317,000 
 40 
 
 AGREE 
 16,697,000 
 189,000 
 16,508,000 
 8734 
 
 Fintech: 

Revenue, lending and trading activities 
 36,644,000 
 16,854,000 
 19,790,000 
 117 
 
 Other 
 239,000 
 192,000 
 47,000 
 24 
 
 Energy 
 2,955,000 
 - 
 2,955,000 

Total revenue 
 134,334,000 
 52,400,000 
 81,934,000 
 156 

Our revenues increased by
 81.9 million, or 156 , to 134.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 52.4 million for the year ended December 31,
2021. 

GIGA 

The 4.7 million increase
in our GIGA segment revenue in 2022 included 1.4 million attributable to our recent acquisition of Giga-tronics Incorporated on September
8, 2022. The improved economic environment following COVID-19 disruptions, along with increased military spending, drove growth in our
GIGA segment, which provides customized solutions for military markets. Additionally, revenue from Enertec, which is primarily recognized
over time, increased by 14.5 to 12.5 million in 2022, up 1.6 million from 10.9 million in the prior-year period. 

TurnOnGreen 

TurnOnGreen revenues were
up slightly for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

SMC 

SMC revenues increased by
 24.2 million due to the acquisition of SMC in June 2022. 

BNI 

Revenues from BNI s
cryptocurrency mining operations increased 13.2 million as we began to purchase Bitcoin mining equipment in 2021, which was primarily
delivered in 2022, and increased our cryptocurrency mining activities. 

AGREE 

AGREE revenues increased 16.5
million as AGREE acquired four hotel properties on December 22, 2021 for 71.3 million, consisting
of a 136-room Courtyard by Marriott, a 133-room Hilton Garden Inn and a 122-room Residence Inn by Marriott in Middleton, WI, as well as
a 135-room Hilton Garden Inn in Rockford, IL. 

Fintech 

Revenues from our lending
and trading activities increased to 36.6 million due to significant realized and unrealized gains in the current year period and unrealized
losses in the prior year period from our investment portfolio. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Ault Lending generated significant
income from appreciation of investments in marketable securities as well as shares of common stock underlying convertible notes and warrants
issued to Ault Lending in certain financing transactions. Revenue from lending and trading activities during the year ended December 31,
2022 included an approximate 2.5 million unrealized gain from our investment in Alzamend. Under its business model, Ault Lending also
generates revenue through origination fees charged to borrowers and interest generated from each loan. 

112 

Revenues
from our trading activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 included significant unrealized losses from market price changes related
to Alzamend. We recorded an unrealized losses of 12.7 million and 5.6 million related to our investment in Alzamend common stock during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our investment in Alzamend will be revalued on each balance sheet date. 

Revenues
from our trading activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 included net gains on equity securities, including unrealized gains
and losses from market price changes. These gains and losses have caused, and will continue to cause, significant volatility in our periodic
earnings. 

Energy 

Energy revenues increased
by 3.0 million primarily due to the acquisition of Circle 8 in December 2022 and our participation in drilling oil wells in 2022. 

Gross Margins 

Gross margins decreased to
41.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 54.5 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our gross margins have typically
ranged between 33 and 37 , with slight variations depending on the overall composition of our revenue. 

Our gross margins of 42 recognized
during the year ended December 31, 2022 were impacted by the favorable margins from our lending and trading activities and negative margins
from our BNI cryptocurrency mining segment due to the decline in the price of Bitcoin coupled with an increase in Bitcoin mining difficulty
level. Excluding the effects of margin from our lending and trading activities and cryptocurrency mining operations, our adjusted gross
margins for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 would have been 29 and 33 , respectively, with gross margins for the year ended
December 31, 2022, slightly lower than our historical averages due to gross margins from SMC, which were 22 . 

Research and Development 

Research and development expenses
increased by 0.7 million to 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase in research and development expenses was due to product development efforts at TurnOnGreen and GIGA. GIGA research and development
expense in 2022 includes 0.3 million from GIGA, which was acquired on September 8, 2022. 

Selling and Marketing 

 Selling and marketing expenses
were 29.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 7.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of
 21.6 million, or 278 . The increase was the result of 18.9 million higher advertising and promotion costs at Ault Alliance, including
 13.1 million related to an advertising sponsorship agreement as well as a 2.0 million increase in sales and marketing personnel and
a 0.9 million increase in travel expense. The increase is also attributable to a 0.6 million increase in costs incurred at TurnOnGreen
to grow our selling and marketing infrastructure related to our electric vehicle charger products as well as a 2.0 million increases
in sales and marketing costs from SMC, which was acquired in June 2022. 

General and Administrative 

 General and administrative
expenses were 67.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 36.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021,
an increase of 30.6 million, or 84 . General and administrative expenses increased from the comparative prior period, mainly due to: 

general and administrative costs of 5.8 million from our hotel operations, which were acquired in December
2021; 

general and administrative costs of 5.1 million from SMC, which was acquired in June 2022; 

113 

general and administrative costs of 1.2 million from AVLP, which was acquired in June 2022; 

general and administrative costs of 1.0 million from Circle 8, which was acquired in December 2022; 

increased general and administrative costs of 1.4 million from Ault Disruptive, a SPAC which completed
its IPO in December 2021; 

increased general and administrative costs of 1.7 million from TurnOnGreen from higher rent expense and
legal fees; 

2.9 million increase in the accrual of a performance bonus related to realized gains on trading activities
during the period; 

higher salaries of 1.8 million; 

higher audit fees of 2.0 million; 

increased costs of 2.8 million related to the Michigan data center and Bitcoin mining operations; and 

increased corporate and Ault Lending legal fees of 2.5 million, including 0.7 million related to the
efforts to acquire EYP, Inc. 

Goodwill impairment 

Impairment of SMC Goodwill 

During the fourth quarter
of 2022, SMC experienced adverse changes in business climate, a significant decline in sales and a drop in the trading price of its common
stock. 

Due to these factors, we determined
that a triggering event had occurred, and therefore, performed a goodwill impairment assessment as of December 31, 2022. The valuation
of the SMC reporting units was determined using a market approach with observable inputs, primarily based on the trading price of SMC s
common stock plus an estimated control premium of approximately 20 . 

The results of the quantitative
test indicated the fair value of the SMC reporting unit did not exceed its carrying amounts, including goodwill, in excess of the carrying
value of the goodwill. As a result, the entire 3.2 million carrying amount of SMC s goodwill was recognized as a non-cash impairment
charge during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Impairment of GIGA Goodwill 

During the fourth quarter
of 2022, GIGA experienced a significant decline in sales and a drop in the trading price of its common stock. 

Due to these factors, we determined
that a triggering event had occurred, and therefore, performed a goodwill impairment assessment as of December 31, 2022. The valuation
of the GIGA reporting units was determined using an income approach methodology of valuation. 

The income approach is based
on the projected cash flows discounted to their present value using discount rates that in our judgment consider the timing and risk of
the forecasted cash flows using internally developed forecasts and assumptions. Under the income approach, the discount rate used is the
average estimated value of a market participant s cost of capital and debt, derived using customary market metrics. Other significant
assumptions include revenue growth rates, profitability projections, and terminal value growth rates. The market approach was also considered;
however, the income approach was chosen as the Company determined it is a better representation of GIGA s projected long-term performance. 

 The results of the quantitative
test indicated the fair value of the GIGA reporting unit did not exceed its carrying amounts, including goodwill, in excess of the carrying
value of the goodwill. As a result, the entire 9.9 million carrying amount of GIGA s goodwill was recognized as a non-cash impairment
charge during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Impairment of Deposit due to Vendor Bankruptcy
Filing 

 On September 22, 2022, Compute
North filed for bankruptcy protection. We had a deposit of approximately 2.0 million with Compute North for services yet to be performed
by Compute North. The ultimate outcome of the bankruptcy process, and its impact on our deposit remains to be determined. We assessed
this financial exposure and recorded an impairment of the deposit totaling 2.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022.
We have retained counsel to assist in this matter. We have removed the Bitcoin miners that were installed at the hosting facility in Texas. 

114 

Impairment of Bitcoin Mining Equipment 

 During the year ended December
31, 2022, adverse changes in business climate, including decreases in the price of Bitcoin and resulting decrease in the market price
of miners, indicated that an impairment triggering event had occurred. Testing performed indicated the estimated fair value of our miners
to be less than their net carrying value as of December 31, 2022, and an impairment charge of 79.6 million was recognized, decreasing
the net carrying value of our Bitcoin mining equipment to their estimated fair value. 

Realized Gain on Sale of Cryptocurrency 

Realized gain on sale of cryptocurrency
was 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Realized gain for the year
ended December 31, 2022 related primarily to gains on the sale of Bitcoin by BNI. 

Impairment of Mined Cryptocurrency 

Impairment of mined cryptocurrency
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 3.1 million and 0.4 million, respectively, attributable to the decline in Bitcoin
values and increase in Bitcoin mined in 2022 as compared to 2021. 

Loss From Operations 

We recorded a loss from operations
of 140.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a loss from continuing operations of 18.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The change in operating results is attributable to the increase in operating expenses, primarily impairment of Bitcoin
mining equipment, goodwill impairment, and increased operating expenses from companies recently acquired partially offset by the increase
in revenue and gross margins. 

Interest and Other Income 

Interest and other income was
 2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest
and other income is primarily due to income from Ault Disruptive from cash and marketable securities held in the trust account. Other
income for the year ended December 31, 2022 included a 2.8 million gain related to remeasurement of our previously held ownership interest
of SMC prior to the June 15, 2022 acquisition, based on the trading price of SMC common stock. In addition, other income for the year
ended December 31, 2022 included a 2.7 million loss related to remeasurement of our previously held ownership interest of AVLP prior
to the June 1, 2022 acquisition. Other income for the year ended December 31, 2021 included a 0.4 million gain related to the release
of certain escrow funds related to the 2017 acquisition of Enertec. 

Change in Fair Value of Equity Securities,
Related Party 

Change in fair value of equity
securities, related party resulting from the warrant securities that we received as a result of our investment in AVLP was a loss of 7.8
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. In June 2022 we began consolidating the financial results of AVLP as we converted the principal
amount under our convertible promissory notes issued to us by AVLP and accrued unpaid interest into common stock of AVLP increasing our
common stock ownership of AVLP from less than 20 to approximately 92 . 

Accretion of Discount on Note Receivable, Related
Party 

 Accretion of discount on note
receivable, related party was 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the significant decline in the value of warrants
in AVLP, accretion of the warrant discount was accelerated, resulting in a discount of 0 related to warrants issued in conjunction with
the convertible promissory note of AVLP as of December 31, 2021. 

Impairment of Debt Securities 

During the year ended December
31, 2021 we impaired our debt securities as we noted a loss in value that was deemed other than temporary. 

115 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense was 42.5
million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily related to the increase in our average level of borrowings during the year.
The increase in interest expense in part relates primarily to the 66.0 million of Senior Notes issued in December 2021, which were fully
paid in March 2022. Interest expense from these Senior Notes included the amortization of debt discount of 26.3 million from the issuance
of warrants, a non-cash charge, and original issue discount, in connection with these Senior Notes. 

Change in Fair Value of Marketable Equity Securities 

 Change in fair value of marketable
equity securities was a loss of 2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a loss of 1.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The loss generated in the prior year period relates to an investment in marketable securities held by Microphase that
was fully sold in the fourth quarter of 2021 as well as the loss on an investment in AVLP common stock. 

Gain on Extinguishment of Debt 

Gain on extinguishment of
debt was 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a gain of 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The prior year
gain on extinguishment of debt represents forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program loans. 

Realized (Loss) Gain on Marketable Securities 

Realized loss on marketable
securities was 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a gain of 1.9 million for the year ended December
31, 2021. Realized gains in the prior year period related to realized gains from an investment in marketable securities held by Microphase,
a portion of which was sold during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Loss From Investment in Unconsolidated Entity 

Loss from investment in unconsolidated
entity was 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing
our share of losses from our equity method investment in AVLP prior to the June 1, 2022 acquisition. 

Impairment of Equity Securities 

Cumulative downward adjustments
for impairments for our equity securities without readily determinable fair values held at December 31, 2022 were 11.5 million. 

Gain on Bargain Purchase of Business 

In connection with the acquisition
of Circle 8, we recorded the 0.8 million excess of fair value of net assets acquired over consideration paid as a gain on bargain purchase. 

Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability 

Change in fair value of warrant
liability was a loss of 17,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a loss of 0.5 million for the year ended December
31, 2021. The fair value of warrant liabilities is re-measured at each financial reporting period and immediately before exercise, with
any changes in fair value recorded as change in fair value of warrant liability in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. 

Net Loss 

For the foregoing reasons, our net loss
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 189.8 million, compared to a net loss of 23.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

Other comprehensive loss was
 1.0 million compared to other comprehensive gain of 0.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The balance
of other comprehensive income for both years was caused by foreign currency translation adjustments between our functional currency, the
U.S. Dollar, and the British Pound and Israeli Shekel. 

116 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 On December 31, 2022, we had
cash and cash equivalents of 10.5 million (excluding restricted cash of 3.6 million), compared to cash and cash equivalents of 15.9
million (excluding restricted cash of 5.3 million) at December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due
the payment of debt and purchases of property and equipment partially offset by cash provided by financing activities related to the sale
of common and preferred stock, as well as proceeds from notes payable and cash provided by operating activities. 

Net cash provided by operating
activities totaled 26.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash used in operating activities of 61.7 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 included 79.0 million
net cash provided by marketable securities from trading activities related to the operations of Ault Lending, partially offset by operating
losses and changes in working capital. 

Net cash used in investing
activities was 158.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 333.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 included 108.4 million of capital expenditures primarily
related to Bitcoin mining equipment, 26.6 million for investments in equity securities, 11.1 million for the purchase of Circle 8, 8.2
million for the purchase of SMC and 3.7 million for the purchase of GIGA, net of cash received, partially offset by 11.7 million proceeds
from the sale of marketable equity securities and 11.1 million principal payments received on loans receivable. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was 124.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 397.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021,
and reflects the following transactions: 

2022 Common ATM Offering On February 25, 2022, we entered into an At-The-Market issuance
sales agreement with Ascendiant Capital to sell shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 200 million from time
to time, through the 2022 Common ATM Offering. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold an aggregate of 285.4 million shares of
common stock pursuant to the 2022 Common ATM Offering for gross proceeds of 172 million. Net proceeds to us, after payment of commissions,
were 168 million. 

Public Offering of Series D Preferred Stock On June 3, 2022, we announced the closing of
our public offering of 144,000 shares of our Series D Preferred Stock at a price to the public of 25.00 per share. Gross proceeds from
the offering were approximately 3.6 million, before deducting offering expenses. Net proceeds to us, after payment of commissions, non-accountable
fees and offering expenses were 3.1 million. 

2022 Preferred ATM Offering On June 14, 2022, we entered into an At-The-Market equity offering
program with Ascendiant Capital under which we may sell, from time to time, shares of our Series D Preferred Stock for aggregate gross
proceeds of up to 46.4 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had sold an aggregate of 28,838 shares of Series D Preferred Stock pursuant
to the 2022 Preferred ATM Offering for gross proceeds of 0.5 million. 

December 2021 Secured Promissory Notes On December 30, 2021, we entered into a securities
purchase agreement with certain accredited investors providing for the issuance of Senior Notes that bore interest at 8 per annum with
an aggregate principal face amount of 66.0 million. The Senior Notes were repaid in March 2022. 

Margin Accounts Payable During the year ended December 31, 2021, we entered into leverage
agreements on certain brokerage accounts, whereby we borrowed 18.5 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, net payments on
the margin accounts payable were 17.7 million. 

10 Secured Promissory Notes On August 10, 2022, we, through our BNI subsidiary, entered
into a note purchase agreement providing for the issuance of secured promissory notes with an aggregate principal face amount of 11.0
million and an interest rate of 10 . The purchase price (proceeds to us) for the secured promissory notes was 10.0 million. The secured
promissory notes have a security interest in marketable securities, investments and certain Bitcoin mining equipment. The secured promissory
notes are further secured by a guaranty provided by us, Ault Lending and Milton C. Ault, our Executive Chairman. The maturity date of
the secured promissory notes is August 10, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made 2.2 million in principal payments on
the 10 secured promissory notes. 

117 

SMC Credit and Security Agreement with Fifth Third Bank On October 14, 2022 SMC entered
into a Credit and Security Agreement (the Credit Agreement with Fifth Third Bank, National Association, as Lender Fifth
Third ). The Credit Agreement provides for a three-year secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up
to 15.0 million decreased to 7.5 million during the period of January 1 through July 31 of each year. The Credit Agreement matures on
October 14, 2025. As of December 31, 2022, SMC was in default under the Credit Agreement due to non-compliance with the fixed charge
coverage ratio covenant primarily due to the decrease in revenue for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and increased general and
administrative expenses. To date, Fifth Third has not taken action to accelerate SMC s obligations under the Credit Agreement and
SMC is currently in negotiations with Fifth Third to obtain a waiver and renegotiate the fixed charge coverage ratio covenant. There can
be no assurance that the negotiations will be successful and that Fifth Third will grant SMC a waiver or renegotiate the covenant. 

Secured Debt Financing On November 7, 2022, we and certain of our subsidiaries borrowed
 18.9 million of principal amount of term loans (the Loans from a group of institutional investors (the Financing ).
The Loans mature in 18 months, which may be extended to 24 months, accrue interest at the rate of 8.5 per annum and are secured by certain
of our assets and the assets of our various subsidiaries. Starting in January 2023, the lenders have the right to require us to make monthly
payments of 0.6 million, which will increase to 1.1 million in November 2023. The Loans were issued with an original issue discount
of 1.89 million. The lenders received warrants to purchase approximately 4.5 million shares of our common stock, exercisable for four
years at 0.45 per share and warrants to purchase another approximately 4.5 million shares of our common stock, exercisable for four years
at 0.75 per share, subject to adjustment. On November 7, 2022, Ault Aviation used proceeds from the Loans to purchase a private aircraft
for a total purchase price of 15.8 million. In addition, we and certain of our subsidiaries entered into various agreements as collateral
for the repayment of the Loans, including (i) a security interest in certain Bitcoin mining equipment, (ii) a pledge of the membership
interests of Third Avenue Apartments, LLC, our wholly owned subsidiary Third Apartments ), (iii) a pledge of the membership
interests of Alliance Cloud Services, LLC, our wholly owned subsidiary Alliance Cloud ), (iv) a pledge of the membership
interests of Ault Aviation, LLC, our wholly owned subsidiary Ault Aviation ), (v) a pledge in a segregated deposit account
of 1.5 million of cash, (vi) a mortgage and security agreement by Third Avenue on the real estate property owned by Third Avenue in St.
Petersburg, Florida, (vii) a future advance mortgage by Alliance Cloud on the real estate property owned by Alliance Cloud in Dowagiac,
Michigan, and (viii) an aircraft mortgage and security agreement by Ault Aviation on the private aircraft purchased by Ault Aviation on
November 7, 2022. The Loans are further secured by a guaranty provided by Ault Lending and Milton C. Ault, our Executive Chairman. 

3 Secured Promissory Notes On November 18, 2022, BNI entered into a note purchase agreement
with two investors providing for the issuance of the 3 Secured Promissory Notes November Notes ). The November Notes have
a principal face amount of 8,181,819 and bear interest at 3 per annum pursuant to the terms of the November Notes. The maturity date
of the November Notes is May 18, 2023. When BNI sells the collateral related to the November Notes, BNI is required to make a payment
towards the November Notes equal to 45 of the realized gains. After the November Notes have been repaid in full and until all of the
collateral is sold, when BNI sells any remaining collateral, BNI is required to give the investors a profits participation interest equal
to 45 of the realized gains. Pursuant to the note purchase agreement, BNI, Ault Lending and the Agent entered into security agreement
pursuant to which BNI and Ault Lending granted to the investors a security interest in the related collateral. 

Purchase of Treasury Stock During the year ended December 31, 2022, Alpha Fund purchased
48.1 million shares of our common stock for 27.1 million and 91,184 shares of our Series D Preferred Stock for 2.2 million, accounted
for as treasury stock as of December 31, 2022. 

Financing Transactions Subsequent to December
31, 2022 

Financing transactions subsequent
to December 31, 2022 include the following: 

2022 Common ATM Offering 

During the period between
January 1, 2023 through April 15, 2023, we sold an aggregate of 32.0 million shares of common stock pursuant to the 2022 Common ATM Offering
for gross proceeds of 4.2 million. 

2022 Preferred ATM Offering 

During the period between
January 1, 2023 through April 15, 2023, we sold an aggregate of 89,748 shares of Series D Preferred Stock pursuant to the 2022 Preferred
ATM Offering for gross proceeds of 1.2 million. 

118 

We believe our current cash
on hand is not sufficient to fund our planned operations through one year after the date the consolidated financial statements are issued.
These factors create substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year after the date that our
audited Consolidated Financial Statements are issued. 

March 28, 2023 Security Purchase Agreement 

On
March 28, 2023, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors
(the Investors ), pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell, in a private placement (the Offering ), an
aggregate of 100,000 shares of our preferred stock, with each such share having a stated value of 100.00 and consisting of (i) 83,000
shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series E Preferred Stock ), (ii) 1,000 shares of Series F Convertible
Preferred Stock (the Series F Preferred Stock and (iii) 16,000 shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series
G Preferred Stock and collectively, the Preferred Shares ). The Preferred Shares will be convertible into shares of
our common stock at the option of the holders and, in certain circumstances, by us. 

Each
share of Series E Preferred Stock and Series F Preferred Stock had a purchase price of 100.00, equal to each such share s stated
value. The purchase price of the Series E Preferred Stock and the Series F Preferred Stock was paid for by the Investors canceling
outstanding secured promissory notes in the principal amount of 8.4 million, whereas the purchase price of the shares of Series G Preferred
Stock consisted of accrued but unpaid interest on these notes, as well as for other good and valuable consideration. Each Preferred Share
is convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the closing sale price of the common stock on the
trading day prior to the date of conversion, subject to a floor price of 0.10. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Business Combination 

We allocate the purchase price
of an acquired business to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values
on the acquisition date. Any excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Acquired
customer relations, technology, trade names and know how are recognized at fair value. The purchase price allocation process requires
management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date with respect to intangible assets. Direct
transaction costs associated with the business combination are expensed as incurred. The allocation of the consideration transferred in
certain cases may be subject to revision based on the final determination of fair values during the measurement period, which may be up
to one year from the acquisition date. We include the results of operations of the business that we have acquired in our consolidated
results prospectively from the date of acquisition. 

If the business combination
is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer s previously held equity interest in the acquire is re-measured
to fair value at the acquisition date; any gains or losses arising from such re-measurement are recognized in profit or loss. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Because we are a smaller reporting
company, this section is not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements required
by this Item 8 are included in this Annual Report following Item 16 hereof. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide
supplementary financial information. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

119 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of December 31, 2022, we
have carried out an evaluation, under the supervision of, and with the participation of, our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have established disclosure
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated
to management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Based upon that evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, with the assistance of other members of the Company's management, have
evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report and has determined that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weaknesses as described herein. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act).
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated 2013 Framework.
Our management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 

A material weakness is a control
deficiency (within the meaning of the PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 2) or combination of control deficiencies that result in more than a
remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. Management
has identified the following material weaknesses: 

1. We do not have sufficient resources in our accounting department, which restricts our ability to gather,
analyze and properly review information related to financial reporting, including applying complex accounting principles relating to consolidation
accounting, fair value estimates and analysis of financial instruments for proper classification in the consolidated financial statements,
in a timely manner. 

2. Due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not
be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of
transactions should be performed by separate individuals. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties
during our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a
material weakness. 

3. Our primary user access controls (i.e., provisioning, de-provisioning, privileged access and user access
reviews) to ensure appropriate authorization and segregation of duties that would adequately restrict user and privileged access to the
financially relevant systems and data to appropriate personnel were not designed and/or implemented effectively. We did not design and/or
implement sufficient controls for program change management to certain financially relevant systems affecting our processes. 

120 

4. The Company did not design and/or implement user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of
duties or program change management controls for certain financially relevant systems impacting the Company s processes around revenue
recognition and digital assets to ensure that IT program and data changes affecting the Company s (i) financial IT applications,
(ii) digital currency mining equipment, and (iii) underlying accounting records, are identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately
to validate that data produced by its relevant IT system(s) were complete and accurate. Automated process-level controls and manual controls
that are dependent upon the information derived from such financially relevant systems were also determined to be ineffective as a result
of such deficiency. In addition, the Company has not effectively designed a manual key control to detect material misstatements in revenue. 

Planned Remediation 

Management continues to work
to improve its controls related to our material weaknesses, specifically relating to user access and change management surrounding our
IT systems and applications. Management will continue to implement measures to remediate material weaknesses, such that these controls
are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The remediation actions include: (i) enhancing design and documentation related
to both user access and change management processes and control activities; and (ii) developing and communicating additional policies
and procedures to govern the area of IT change management. In order to achieve the timely implementation of the above, management has
commenced the following actions and will continue to assess additional opportunities for remediation on an ongoing basis: 

Engaging a third-party specialist to assist management with improving the Company s overall control
environment, focusing on change management and access controls; 

Implementing new applications and systems that are aligned with management s focus on creating strong
internal controls; and 

Continuing to increase headcount across the Company, with a particular focus on hiring individuals with
strong Sarbanes Oxley and internal control backgrounds. 

We are currently working to
improve and simplify our internal processes and implement enhanced controls, as discussed above, to address the material weaknesses in
our internal control over financial reporting and to remedy the ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. These material
weaknesses will not be considered to be remediated until the applicable remediated controls are operating for a sufficient period of time
and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 

Despite the existence of these
material weaknesses, we believe that the consolidated financial statements included in the period covered by this Annual Report on Form
10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented
in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During the most recent fiscal
quarter 2022 there were no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over
financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

No applicable. 

121 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth
the positions and offices presently held by each of our current directors and executive officers and their ages: 

Served as a 

Position and Offices 
 Director and 
 
 Name 
 Age 
 Held with the Company 
 Officer Since 
 
 Milton C. Ault, III (1) 
 53 
 Executive Chairman of the Board 
 2017 
 
 William B. Horne (1) 
 54 
 Chief Executive Officer, Vice Chairman and Director 
 2016 
 
 Henry Nisser (1) 
 54 
 President, General Counsel and Director 
 2019 
 
 Kenneth S. Cragun (1) 
 62 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2020 
 
 Robert O. Smith 
 78 
 Lead Independent Director 
 2016 
 
 Moti Rosenberg 
 75 
 Director 
 2015 
 
 Jeffrey A. Bentz 
 63 
 Director 
 2018 
 
 Howard Ash 
 63 
 Director 
 2020 

(1) Executive Officer. 
 
 Each of the directors named
above will serve until the next annual meeting of our stockholders or until his respective successor is elected and qualified. Subject
to the terms of applicable employment agreements, our executive officers serve at the discretion of our Board. 

Milton C. Ault, III 

On January 19, 2021, Mr. Ault
resigned as Chief Executive Officer and was appointed as the Executive Chairman of the Board. On December 28, 2017, Mr. Ault was appointed
Chief Executive Officer. On March 16, 2017, Mr. Ault was appointed Executive Chairman of the Board. Mr. Ault is a seasoned business professional
and entrepreneur who has spent more than twenty-seven years identifying value in various financial markets including equities, fixed income,
commodities, and real estate. Mr. Ault has served as Executive Chairman of SMC, a Nasdaq listed company that is the worldwide leader in
consumer karaoke products, since April 2023. Mr. Ault has served as the Chairman of the Board of ADTC, an NYSE listed Special Purpose
Acquisition Company, or SPAC, since its incorporation in February 2021. On February 25, 2016, Mr. Ault founded Alzamend Neuro, Inc., a
biotechnology firm dedicated to finding the treatment, prevention and cure for Alzheimer s Disease and has served as its Chairman
until its IPO, when he became Alzamend s Chairman Emeritus and a consultant. Mr. Ault has served as Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Ault Company, Inc., a Delaware holding company, since December 2015, and as Chairman of Avalanche International Corp.,
a publicly traded Nevada company and a voluntary filer, which as such is not required to file periodic reports, since September
2014. Since January 2011, Mr. Ault has been the Vice President of Business Development for MCKEA Holdings, LLC, a family office. Throughout
his career, Mr. Ault has consulted for publicly traded and privately held companies, providing each of them the benefit of his diversified
experience, that range from development stage to seasoned businesses. We believe that Mr. Ault s business background demonstrates
he has the qualifications to serve as one of our directors and as Executive Chairman. 

William B. Horne 

Mr. Horne has served as a
member of our Board since October 2016. On January 19, 2021, Mr. Horne resigned as President and was appointed as the Chief Executive
Officer. On August 19, 2020, Mr. Horne resigned as our Chief Financial Officer and was appointed as our President. He was appointed as
our Chief Financial Officer on January 25, 2018. Prior to his appointment as our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Horne served as one of our
independent directors. Mr. Horne has served on the board of directors of GIGA, an OTCQB listed company that provides purpose-built electronic
technology solutions for defense and other mission critical applications, since September 2022. He served as the Chief Financial Officer
of Targeted Medical Pharma, Inc. (OTCBB: TRGM) from August 2013 to May 2019. Mr. Horne has served as the Chief Executive Officer and on
the board of directors of ADTC, an NYSE listed SPAC, since its incorporation in February 2021. Mr. Horne is a director and Chief Financial
Officer of Avalanche International, Corp., a voluntary filer under the Exchange Act. Mr. Horne has served on the board of
directors of Alzamend Neuro, Inc., a biotechnology firm dedicated to finding the treatment, prevention and cure for Alzheimer s
Disease, since June 1, 2016 and became its Chairman of the board upon consummation of its IPO. Mr. Horne previously held the position
of Chief Financial Officer in various public and private companies in the healthcare and high-tech field. Mr. Horne has a Bachelor of
Arts Magna Cum Laude in Accounting from Seattle University. We believe that Mr. Horne's extensive financial and accounting experience
in diversified industries and with companies involving complex transactions give him the qualifications and skills to serve as one of
our directors. 

122 

Henry Nisser 

Mr. Nisser has served as a
member of our Board since September 17, 2020 and was appointed as our Executive Vice President and General counsel on May 1, 2019. On
January 19, 2021, Mr. Nisser resigned as Executive Vice President and was appointed as our President. Mr. Nisser has served on the board
of directors of SMC, a Nasdaq listed company that is the worldwide leader in consumer karaoke products, since April 2023. Mr. Nisser has
served as the President, General Counsel and on the board of directors of BMI, a Nasdaq listed company that operates the BitNile.com metaverse
platform, since March 2023. Mr. Nisser is the Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Avalanche International, Corp., a voluntary
filer under the Exchange Act. Mr. Nisser has served as the President, General Counsel and on the board of directors of ADTC, an
NYSE listed SPAC, since its incorporation in February 2021. Mr. Nisser has served on the board of directors of Alzamend Neuro, Inc., a
biotechnology firm dedicated to finding the treatment, prevention and cure for Alzheimer s Disease, since September 1, 2020 and
has served as its Executive Vice President and General Counsel since May 1, 2019. From October 31, 2011 through April 26, 2019, Mr. Nisser
was an associate and subsequently a partner with Sichenzia Ross Ference LLP SRF ), a law firm based in New York City. While
with SRF, his practice was concentrated in national and international corporate law, with a particular focus on U.S. securities compliance,
public as well as private M A, equity and debt financings and corporate governance. Mr. Nisser drafted and negotiated a variety of
agreements related to reorganizations, share and asset purchases, indentures, public and private offerings, tender offers and going private
transactions. Mr. Nisser also represented clients special committees established to evaluate M A transactions and advised such
committees members with respect to their fiduciary duties. Mr. Nisser is fluent in French and Swedish as well as conversant in
Italian. Mr. Nisser received his B.A. from Connecticut College in 1992, where he majored in International Relations and Economics. He
received his LLB from the University of Buckingham School of Law in 1999. We believe that Mr. Nisser s extensive legal experience
involving complex transactions and comprehensive knowledge of securities laws and corporate governance requirements applicable to listed
companies give him the qualifications and skills to serve as one of our directors. 

Kenneth S. Cragun 

Mr. Cragun was appointed as
our Chief Financial Officer on August 19, 2020. Prior to his appointment as Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Cragun served as our Chief Accounting
Officer since October 1, 2018. Mr. Cragun has served as the Chief Financial Officer of ADTC, an NYSE listed SPAC, since its incorporation
in February 2021. Mr. Cragun has been the Chief Financial Officer of Alzamend Neuro, Inc., a development stage entity seeking to prevent,
treat and cure Alzheimer s Disease, since October of 2018. He served as a CFO Partner at Hardesty, LLC, a national executive services
firm since October 2016. His assignments at Hardesty included serving as CFO of CorVel Corporation, a 1.1 billion market cap publicly
traded company (NASDAQ: CRVL) and a nationwide leader in technology driven, healthcare-related, risk management programs and of RISA Tech,
Inc. a private structural design and optimization software company. Mr. Cragun was also CFO of two NASDAQ-listed companies, Local Corporation,
from April 2009 to September 2016, which operated Local.com, a U.S. top 100 website, and Modtech Holdings, Inc., from June 2006 to March
2009, a supplier of modular buildings. Prior thereto, he had financial leadership roles with increasing responsibilities at MIVA, Inc.,
ImproveNet, Inc., NetCharge Inc., C-Cube Microsystems, Inc, and 3-Com Corporation. Mr. Cragun has
served on the board of directors and is the chairman of the audit committee of Verb Technology Company,
Inc., a Nasdaq listed software-as-a-service applications platform developer, since September 2018, and also sits on the board of directors
of SMC, a Nasdaq listed company that is the worldwide leader in consumer karaoke products, since July 2022 . 
Mr. Cragun began his professional career at Deloitte. Mr. Cragun holds a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Colorado State
University-Pueblo. Mr. Cragun s industry experience is vast, with extensive experience in fast-growth environments and building
teams in more than 20 countries. Mr. Cragun has led multiple financing transactions, including IPOs, PIPEs, convertible debt, term loans
and lines of credit. 

Robert O. Smith 

Mr. Smith serves as our lead
independent director. Previously, he served as a member of our Board from November 2010 until May 2015, and served as a member of our
Advisory Board from 2002 until 2015. He is currently a C-level executive consultant working with Bay Area high-tech firms on various strategic
initiatives in all aspects of their business. Mr. Smith has served on the board of directors of GIGA, an OTCQB listed company that provides
purpose-built electronic technology solutions for defense and other mission critical applications, since September 2022. Mr. Smith has
served on the board of directors of ADTC, an NYSE listed SPAC, since its IPO in December 2021. From 2004 to 2007, he served on the board
of directors of Castelle Corporation. From 1990 to 2002, he was our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board. From
1980 to 1990, he held several management positions with Computer Products, Inc., the most recent being President of their Compower/Boschert
Division. From 1970 to 1980, he held managerial accounting positions with Ametek/Lamb Electric and with the JM Smucker Company. Mr. Smith
received his BBA degree in Accounting from Ohio University. We believe that Mr. Smith s executive-level experience, including his
previous service as our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board, his extensive experience in the accounting industry,
and his service on our Board from November 2010 until May 2015, give him the qualifications and skills to serve as one of our directors. 

123 

Mordechai Rosenberg 

Mr. Rosenberg serves as one
of our independent directors. He has served as an independent consultant to various companies in the design and implementation of homeland
security systems in Europe and Africa since 2010. From 2004 to 2009, he served as a special consultant to Bullet Plate Ltd., a manufacturer
of armor protection systems, and NovIdea Ltd., a manufacturer of perimeter and border security systems. From 2000 to 2003, Mr. Rosenberg
was the general manager of ZIV U.P.V.C Products Ltd. s doors and window factory. Mr. Rosenberg is an active reserve officer and
a retired colonel from the Israeli Defense Force (IDF), where he served for 26 years and was involved in the development of weapon systems.
In the IDF, Mr. Rosenberg served in various capacities, including, company, battalion and brigade commander, head of the training center
for all IDF infantry, and head of the Air Force s Special Forces. Mr. Rosenberg received a B.A in History from the University of
Tel Aviv and a Master of Arts in Political Science from the University of Haifa in Israel. Mr. Rosenberg graduated from the course of
Directors Officers at the College of Management, Tel Aviv. We believe that Mr. Rosenberg s business background give him the
qualifications to serve as one of our directors. 

Jeffrey Bentz 

Mr. Bentz serves as one of
our independent directors. Mr. Bentz is an experienced businessman who served between 1994 and 2022 as President of North Star Terminal
 Stevedore Company, a full-service stevedoring company located in Alaska and whose major areas of business include terminal operations
and management, stevedore services, and heavy equipment operations. Mr. Bentz has served on the board of directors of GIGA, an OTCQB listed
company that provides purpose-built electronic technology solutions for defense and other mission critical applications, since September
2022. Mr. Bentz has served on the board of directors of ADTC, an NYSE listed SPAC, since its IPO in December 2021. He also has served
as a director and advisor to several private companies and agencies. Mr. Bentz obtained a B.A. in Business and Finance from Western Washington
University in 1981. We believe that Mr. Bentz s executive-level experience, including his operational and financial oversight of
companies with multiple profit centers and his extensive experience in the real estate and commercial services industries give him the
qualifications and skills to serve as one of our directors. 

Howard Ash 

Mr. Ash serves as one of our
independent directors. Mr. Ash is an accomplished executive with extensive experience in business and finance, who served as CEO, COO
and CFO to a variety of high profile, international companies. Mr. Ash continues to serve as Chairman of Claridge Management since 2000.
Mr. Ash was a director of Net Element, Inc. (NASDAQ-NETE) from June 13, 2016 through July 13, 2020, serving as Chairman of both the Audit
and Compensation committees, as well as the Nominating and Governance Committees during his tenure. He served as Chief Operating Officer
of BioCard Corporation from 1997 to 2007. He served as Chief Operating Officer of CITA Americas, Inc. from 1996 to 1997. Mr. Ash served
as Chief Executive Officer of IEDC Marketing, Inc. from 1992 to 1996. He held a CFO/Chief Strategist position at Abrams, Ash Associates
from 1990 to 1992. Mr. Ash currently serves on the Advisory Board of the U.K. based E2Exchange, the Institute of Entrepreneurs, since
2011, and is the only non-UK citizen holding that position. Mr. Ash served from 2009 to 2014 in a senior development and strategic capacity
for One Laptop Per Child, a global NGO created to provide educational opportunities providing laptops to the world s poorest children.
Prior Chairmanships include the 2009 through 2012 term for the Sturge Weber Foundation, a non-profit organization dedicated to curing
this rare but fatal syndrome affecting children. Previously, Mr. Ash was an Advisory Board Member to Edge Global Investment Limited which
forged a strategic partnership with the Africa Forum, consisting of 37 former Heads of State and Government. Mr. Ash started an interest-free
micro-loan society in 1987 that has provided more than 15 million in micro-loans throughout the U.S. and Israel. In 1999, Mr. Ash founded
the Circle of Life Resource Center, Inc., a food bank in Miami, Florida that feeds several hundred families per week. Mr. Ash earned a
Bachelor of Commerce degree, with Honors in Accounting and Law from the University of Witwatersrand (South Africa) in 1980. We believe
that Mr. Ash s extensive experience as a business and finance executive and member of multiple oversight bodies, give him the qualification
and skills to serve as one of our directors. 

124 

Corporate Governance 

Our Board is currently composed
of seven members and maintains the following three standing committees: (1) the Audit Committee; (2) the Compensation Committee; and (3)
the Nominating and Governance Committee. The membership and the function of each of the committees are described below. Our Board may,
from time to time, establish a new committee or dissolve an existing committee depending on the circumstances. Current copies of the charters
for the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee can be found on our website at https://www.ault.com . 

Audit Committee 

Messrs. Ash, Smith and Bentz
currently comprise the Audit Committee of our Board. Our Board has determined that each of the current members of the Audit Committee
satisfies the requirements for independence and financial literacy under the standards of the SEC and the NYSE American. Our Board has
also determined that Messrs. Ash and Smith qualify as an audit committee financial expert as defined in SEC regulations
and satisfies the financial sophistication requirements set forth in the NYSE American Rules. Mr. Ash serves as the Chairman of the Audit
Committee. 

The Audit Committee is responsible
for, among other things, selecting and hiring our independent auditors, approving the audit and pre-approving any non-audit services to
be performed by our independent auditors; reviewing the scope of the annual audit undertaken by our independent auditors and the progress
and results of their work; reviewing our financial statements, internal accounting and auditing procedures, and corporate programs to
ensure compliance with applicable laws; and reviewing the services performed by our independent auditors to determine if the services
rendered are compatible with maintaining the independent auditors impartial opinion. 

Compensation Committee 

Messrs. Smith, Bentz and Rosenberg
currently comprise the Compensation Committee of our Board. Our Board has determined that each of the current members of the Compensation
Committee meets the requirements for independence under the standards of the NYSE American. Mr. Bentz serves as Chairman of the Compensation
Committee. 

The Compensation Committee
is responsible for, among other things, reviewing and approving executive compensation policies and practices; reviewing and approving
salaries, bonuses and other benefits paid to our officers, including our Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief
Financial Officer; and administering our stock option plans and other benefit plans. 

Nominating and Governance Committee 

Messrs. Smith, Ash and Rosenberg
currently comprise the Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board. Our Board has determined that each of the current members of
the Nominating and Governance Committee meets the requirements for independence under the standards of the NYSE American. Mr. Smith serves
as Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee. 

The Nominating and Governance
Committee is responsible for, among other things, assisting our Board in identifying prospective director nominees and recommending nominees
for each annual meeting of stockholders to the Board; developing and recommending governance principles applicable to our Board; overseeing
the evaluation of our Board and management; and recommending potential members for each Board committee to our Board. 

The Nominating and Governance
Committee considers diversity when identifying Board candidates. In particular, it considers such criteria as a candidate s broad-based
business and professional skills, experiences and global business and social perspective. 

In addition, the Committee
seeks directors who exhibit personal integrity and a concern for the long-term interests of stockholders, as well as those who have time
available to devote to Board activities and to enhancing their knowledge of the power-supply industry. Accordingly, we seek to attract
and retain highly qualified directors who have sufficient time to attend to their substantial duties and responsibilities. 

125 

Executive Committee 

As a holding company, our
business strategy is designed to increase stockholder value. Under this strategy, we are focused on managing and financially supporting
our existing subsidiaries and partner companies, with the goal of pursuing monetization opportunities and maximizing the value returned
to stockholders. We have, are and will consider initiatives including, among others: public offerings, the sale of individual partner
companies, the sale of certain or all partner company interests in secondary market transactions, or a combination thereof, as well as
other opportunities to maximize stockholder value, such as activist trading. We anticipate returning value to stockholders after satisfying
our debt obligations and working capital needs. 

On October 7, 2019, we created
an Executive Committee which is comprised of our Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. The Executive Committee meets
on a daily basis to address the Company s critical needs and provides a forum to approve transactions which are communicated to
our Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance on a bi-weekly basis by our Chief Executive Officer 

Our Executive Committee approves
and manages our investment and trading strategy. The Executive Committee has decades of experience in financial, investing and securities
transactions. Led by our Founder and Executive Chairman, Milton C. (Todd) Ault, III, we seek to find undervalued companies and disruptive
technologies with a global impact. We use a traditional methodology for valuing securities that primarily looks for deeply depressed prices.
Upon making an investment, we often become actively involved in the companies we seek to acquire. That activity may involve a broad range
of approaches, from influencing the management of a target to take steps to improve stockholder value, to acquiring a controlling or sizable
but non-controlling interest or outright ownership of the target company in order to implement changes that we believe are required to
improve its business, and then operating and expanding that business. Mr. Ault relies heavily on William B. Horne, our Vice Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, and Henry Nisser, our President and General Counsel, to provide analysis and guidance on all acquisition targets
and throughout the acquisition process. 

From time to time, we engage
in discussions with other companies interested in our subsidiaries or partner companies, either in response to inquiries or as part of
a process we initiate. To the extent we believe that a subsidiary partner company s further growth and development can best be supported
by a different ownership structure or if we otherwise believe it is in our stockholders best interests, we will seek to sell some
or all of our position in the subsidiary or partner company. These sales may take the form of privately negotiated sales of stock or assets,
mergers and acquisitions, public offerings of the subsidiary or partner company s securities and, in the case of publicly traded
partner companies, transactions in their securities in the open market. Our plans may include taking subsidiaries or partner companies
public through rights offerings, mergers or spin-offs and directed share subscription programs. We will continue to consider these and
functionally equivalent programs and the sale of certain subsidiary or partner company interests in secondary market transactions to maximize
value for our stockholders. 

Our Executive Committee acts
as the underwriting committee for Ault Lending and approves all lending transactions. Under its business model, Ault Lending generates
revenue through origination fees charged to borrowers and interest generated from each loan. Ault Lending may also generate income from
appreciation of investments in marketable securities as well as any shares of common stock underlying convertible notes or warrants issued
to Ault Lending in any particular financing. Ault Lending s activities are more fully described elsewhere in this Annual Report;
see page 10. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Except as set forth below,
to the best of our knowledge, during the past ten years, none of the following occurred with respect to a present or former director,
executive officer, or employee: 

been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been
subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against
the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or
executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 

been subject to any order, judgment, or decree,
not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or
temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities,
investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

126 

been found by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities
law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been the subject of, or a party to, any federal
or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including
any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or
commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited
to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist
order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business
entity; 

or been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction
or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the
Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association,
entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

On June 23, 2015, Local Corporation,
a Delaware corporation, filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the US Bankruptcy Code. Mr. Cragun, our
chief financial officer, was chief financial officer of Local Corporation at the time of filing. 

Except as set forth in our
discussion below in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, none of our directors or executive officers has been
involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our directors
and executive officers. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities
to file an initial report of ownership on Form 3 and changes in ownership on Form 4 or Form 5 with the SEC. Executive officers, directors
and ten percent stockholders are also required by SEC rules to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely
upon our review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that during
the current fiscal year and the year ended December 31, 2022, all such filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and ten
percent stockholders were fulfilled with the following exception: During the fiscal year of 2022, Messrs. Rosenberg, Bentz, Smith and
Bentz inadvertently filed 3, 2, 1 and 1, respectively, late Form 4s, each by one day. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted the Code of
Ethical Conduct that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller
or person performing similar functions. The Code of Ethical Conduct is designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote honest and ethical
conduct and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The full text of our Code of Ethical Conduct is published on our website
at https://www.ault.com . We will disclose any substantive amendments to the Code of Ethical Conduct or any waivers, explicit
or implicit, from a provision of the Code on our website or in a current report on Form 8-K. Upon request to our President, Henry Nisser,
we will provide without charge, a copy of our Code of Ethical Conduct. 

127 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following Summary Compensation
Table sets forth all compensation earned in all capacities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, by our principal executive
officer. Because we are a Smaller Reporting Company, we only have to report information of our principal executive officer and our two
other most highly compensated executive officers. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 Name and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) (1) 
 
 Option 
Awards ) 
 (1) 
 All Other Compensation ) (2) 
 Total ) 

Milton C. Ault, III 
 2022 
 400,000 
 1,716,667 
 - 
 - 
 47,310 
 2,163,976 

Executive Chairman of the Board (3) 
 2021 
 400,000 
 821,667 
 1,632,000 
 1,301,440 
 39,918 
 4,195,025 

William B. Horne 
 2022 
 300,000 
 1,812,500 
 - 
 - 
 49,664 
 2,162,164 

Chief Executive Officer (4) 
 2021 
 300,000 
 617,500 
 1,632,000 
 1,301,440 
 41,798 
 3,892,738 

Henry C. Nisser 
 2022 
 300,000 
 912,000 
 - 
 - 
 25,832 
 1,238,332 

President and General Counsel (5) 
 2021 
 225,000 
 217,500 
 1,632,000 
 1,301,440 
 18,800 
 3,469,740 

(1) The values reported in the Stock Awards and Option Awards columns represent the aggregate grant date fair
value, computed in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718 Share Based Payments , of
grants of stock options and stock awards to our named executive officer in the years shown. 

(2) The amounts in All Other Compensation consist of health insurance benefits, vehicle allowance, long-term and short-term
disability insurance benefits, and 401K matching amounts. 

(3) Mr. Ault was appointed as our Executive Chairman of the Board on January 19, 2021. Prior to that time, he was our Chief
Executive Officer. 

(4) Mr. Horne was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer on January 19, 2021. Prior to that time, he was our President. 

(5) Mr. Nisser was appointed as our President on January 19, 2021. 

Employment Agreements 

Milton C. Ault, III 

 On
June 17, 2018, the Company entered into a ten year executive employment agreement with Milton C. Ault, III, to serve as Chief Executive
Officer of the Company. On January 19, 2021, Mr. Ault was appointed as Executive Chairman of the Company. For his services, Mr.
Ault will be paid a base salary of 400,000 per annum (the Base Salary ). 

Pursuant
to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the agreement, if the Company meets or exceeds criteria adopted by the Company s
compensation committee (the Compensation Committee for earning bonuses which shall be adopted by the Compensation Committee
annually, Mr. Ault shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus, which percentage shall be based on achievement of applicable performance
goals determined by the Compensation Committee. 

In
addition, Mr. Ault shall be eligible to receive a performance-based award (the CEO Performance Award ), provided that the
Company, for any given fiscal year during the term of this agreement, meets the following criteria: (A) an increase in revenue, as calculated
under GAAP over the previous fiscal year as reported in the Annual Report on Form 10-K or successor form for such fiscal year; provided
that any increase less than thirty-five percent (35 (the Revenue Percentage shall reduce the CEO Performance Award correspondingly;
(B) positive net income, as calculated under GAAP, as reported in the Annual Report on Form 10-K or successor form for such fiscal year,
provided that any increase less than five percent (5 (the Net Income Percentage shall reduce the CEO Performance Award
correspondingly; and (C) positive net cash flow from operations on a year-to-year basis, where cash flow is defined as the net amount
of cash and cash-equivalents being transferred into and out of the Company. The CEO Performance Award shall consist of a number of shares
of the Company s common stock having a maximum value equal to ten percent (10 of any appreciation in the Company s Market
Capitalization above the High Water Mark (as such terms are defined in the agreement) as measured by the daily average closing bid price
of the Company s common stock for the applicable fiscal year subject to proration obtained by the product of Revenue Percentage
and the Net Income Percentage. If the CEO Performance Award in a fiscal year is less than ten percent (10 due to a reduction caused
by an annual shortfall in either the Revenue Percentage or the Net Income Percentage, the prior year s targets would be deemed to
have been achieved if a corresponding overage in a subsequent fiscal year results in the achievement of the cumulative targets. 
The annual and cumulative targets for revenue and net income, which are provided solely for the purpose of establishing cumulative totals,
are set forth in the agreement. 

Upon
termination of Mr. Ault s employment (other than upon the expiration of the employment), Mr. Ault shall be entitled to receive:
(A) any earned but unpaid base salary through the termination date; (B) all reasonable expenses paid or incurred; and (C) any accrued
but unused vacation time. 

128 

Further,
unless Mr. Ault s employment is terminated as a result of his death or disability or for cause or he terminates his employment without
good reason, then upon the termination or non-renewal of Mr. Ault s employment, the Company shall pay to Mr. Ault a Separation
Payment as follows: (A) an amount equal to four (4) weeks of base salary for each full year of service and
credit for his service commencing from September 22, 2016, (B) should Mr. Ault provide the Company with a separation, waiver and release
agreement within 60 days of termination, then the Company shall: (i) pay his base salary until the last to occur (the Separation
Period of (1) the expiration of the remaining portion of the initial term or the then applicable renewal term, as the case may
be, but in no event an amount greater than the Base Salary payable should either such period expire within two years, or (2) the 12-month
period commencing on the date Mr. Ault is terminated, payable in one lump sum; (ii) provide during the Separation Period the same medical,
dental, long-term disability and life insurance; and (iii) pay an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the maximum
annual bonus as Mr. Ault would have been otherwise entitled to receive by (y) the fraction in which the numerator is the number of calendar
months worked including the entire month in which severance occurred and the denominator of which is 12; and (iv) all outstanding options
and other equity awards shall immediately vest and become fully exercisable for a period of 24 months. Finally, upon the occurrence
of a change in control, Mr. Ault will be paid an amount equal to the greater of: (i) five times his then current Base Salary or (ii) the
Separation Payment amount set forth above, without regard to whether Mr. Ault continues in the employ of the Company or its successor. 

William B. Horne 

On January 25, 2018, we entered
into an employment agreement with William Horne to serve as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of the Company and its
subsidiaries for an initial term through September 30, 2022, which automatically renews thereafter for successive one-year terms unless
either party provides written notification at least four months prior to the end of a term of their desire to terminate. For 2022,
Mr. Horne s base salary was 300,000 per annum. Mr. Horne is eligible to receive an annual cash bonus equal to a percentage of his
annual base salary based on achievement of applicable performance goals determined by the Company s compensation committee. 

Upon
termination of Mr. Horne s employment (other than upon the expiration of the employment), Mr. Horne shall be entitled to receive:
(i) any earned but unpaid base salary through the termination date; (ii) all reasonable expenses paid or incurred; and (iii) any accrued
but unused vacation time. 

Further,
unless Mr. Horne s employment is terminated as a result of his death or disability or for cause or he terminates his employment
without good reason, then upon the termination or non-renewal of Mr. Horne s employment, the Company shall pay to Mr. Horne a Separation
Payment as follows: (A) an amount equal to four weeks of base salary for each full year of service, (B) should
Mr. Horne provide the Company with a separation, waiver and release agreement within 60 days of termination, then the Company shall:
(i) pay his base salary until the last to occur (the Separation Period of (1) the expiration of the remaining portion of
the initial term or the then applicable renewal term, as the case may be, or (2) the 12-month period commencing on the date Mr. Horne
is terminated, payable in one lump sum; (ii) provide during the Separation Period the same medical, dental, long-term disability and life
insurance; and (iii) pay an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the maximum annual bonus as Mr. Horne would have been
otherwise entitled to receive by (y) the fraction in which the numerator is the number of calendar months worked including the entire
month in which severance occurred and the denominator of which is 12; and (iv) all outstanding options and other equity awards shall immediately
vest and become fully exercisable for a period of 24 months. Finally, upon the occurrence of a change in control, Mr. Horne will
be paid an amount equal to four times his Separation Payment. 

Henry Nisser 

On April 12, 2019, the Company
entered into an employment agreement (the Agreement with Henry Nisser to serve as General Counsel and Executive Vice President
of the Company and its subsidiaries for an initial term through May 1, 20223 which automatically renews thereafter for successive one-year
terms unless either party provides written notification at least four months prior to the end of a term of their desire to terminate.
The effective date of the Agreement was May 1, 2019. For 2022, Mr. Nisser s base salary was 300,000 per annum (the Base
Salary ). 

 Mr. Nisser is eligible to
receive an annual cash bonus equal to a percentage of his annual base salary based on achievement of applicable performance goals determined
by the Company s compensation committee. 

Mr. Nisser s bonuses,
if any, and all stock based compensation shall be subject to Company Clawback Rights if during the period that Mr. Nisser
is employed by the Company and upon the termination of Mr. Nisser s employment and for a period of two years thereafter, there is
a restatement of any of the Company s financial results from which any bonuses and stock based compensation to Mr. Nisser shall
have been determined. 

129 

Upon termination of Mr. Nisser s
employment (other than upon the expiration of the employment), Mr. Nisser shall be entitled to receive: (A) any earned but unpaid base
salary through the termination date; (B) all reasonable expenses paid or incurred; and (C) any accrued but unused vacation time. 

Further,
unless Mr. Nisser s employment is terminated as a result of his death or disability or for cause or he terminates his employment
without good reason, then upon the termination or non-renewal of Mr. Nisser s employment, the Company shall pay to Mr. Nisser a
 Separation Payment as follows: (a) an amount equal to four weeks of base salary for each full year of service, (b) commencing
on the date that shall be one (1) year from the effective date, should Mr. Nisser provide the Company with a separation, waiver and release
agreement within 30 days of termination, then the Company shall pay to Mr. Nisser the Base Salary (in effect immediately prior to the
termination date) an amount equal to the lesser of what Mr. Nisser would have received if the employment period ended after (1) the expiration
of the remaining portion of the initial term or the then applicable renewal term, as the case may be, or (2) the 18-month period commencing
on the date Executive is terminated, payable in one lump sum; (ii) provide during the separation period the same medical, dental, long-term
disability and life insurance; and (iii) pay an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the maximum annual bonus as Mr.
Nisser would have been otherwise entitled to receive by (y) the fraction in which the numerator is the number of calendar months worked
including the entire month in which severance occurred and the denominator of which is 12; and (iv) all outstanding options and other
equity awards shall immediately vest and become fully exercisable for a period of 24 months. Finally, upon the occurrence of a change
in control, Mr. Nisser will be paid an amount equal to four times his Separation Payment. 

Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 

At the annual meeting of stockholders
on November 23, 2022, the stockholders approved, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to the Company s named executive officers.
An advisory vote on executive compensation is held every three years. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table provides information on outstanding
equity awards as of December 31, 2022 to the named executive officers. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 OPTION AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised Options 
(#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised Options 
(#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan 
Awards: Number of 
Securities Underlying 
Unexercised 
Unearned Options (#) 
 Option 
Exercise 
Price ) 
 Option 
Expiration 
Date 
 
 Milton C. Ault, III 
 
 200,000 
 199,726 
 
 - 
 200,274 
 
 - 
 200,274 
 
 1.79 
 2.55 
 
 9/17/2030 
 4/26/2031 
 
 William B. Horne 
 
 200,000 
 199,726 
 
 - 
 200,274 
 
 - 
 200,274 
 
 1.79 
 2.55 
 
 9/17/2030 
 4/26/2031 
 
 Henry C. Nisser 
 
 200,000 
 199,726 
 
 - 
 200,274 
 
 - 
 200,274 
 
 1.79 
 2.55 
 
 9/17/2030 
 4/26/2031 

Director Compensation 

The Company pays each independent
director an annual base amount of 45,000 annually, other than Messrs. Smith and Ash, who each receive a base amount of 55,000 annually
due to the additional services provided by Mr. Smith as a lead independent director and Mr. Ash as Audit Committee Chairman. Additionally,
our Board makes recommendations for adjustments to an independent director s compensation when the level of services provided are
significantly above what was anticipated. In addition, independent directors are eligible, at the Board s discretion, to receive
a bonus. 

130 

The table below sets forth,
for each non-employee director, the total amount of compensation related to his service during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Fees earned or 
 Stock 
 Option 
 All other 

Name 
 paid in cash ) 
 awards ) 
 awards ) 
 compensation )(1) 
 Total ) 
 
 Robert O. Smith 
 55,000 

215,000 
 270,000 
 
 Jeffrey A. Bentz 
 45,000 

215,000 
 260,000 
 
 Mordechai Rosenberg 
 45,000 

190,000 
 235,000 
 
 Howard Ash 
 55,000 

190,000 
 245,000 

(1) Consists of cash bonus payments made to each independent director. 

Stock Incentive Plans 

On December 28, 2018, the
stockholders approved the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended on May 5, 2019), which amendment was approved by the stockholders on July
19, 2019, the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan ), under which options to acquire up to 175,000 shares of common stock may be
granted to the Company's directors, officers, employees and consultants. The 2018 Stock Incentive Plan is in addition to the Company s
(i) 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, under which options to acquire up to 2,500 shares of common stock may be granted to the Company's directors,
officers, employees and consultants, (ii) 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, under which options to acquire up to 5,000 shares of common stock
may be granted to the Company's directors, officers, employees and consultants, (iii) 2012 Stock Option Plan, as amended, which provides
for the issuance of a maximum of 1,716 shares of common stock to be offered to the Company s directors, officers, employees, and
consultants, (iv) 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, under which 7.5 million stock options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock units, and other stock-based compensation. be granted to the Company's directors, officers, employees and consultants, (v) 2021
Employee Stock Purchase Plan, intended to assist our employees in acquiring share ownership up to an aggregate of 980,000 shares of common
stock, and (vi) 2022 Stock Incentive Plan, under which 75 million stock options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock units, and other stock-based compensation. be granted to the Company's directors, officers, employees and consultants (collectively
the Plans ). 

The purpose of the Plans is
to advance the interests of the Company by providing to key employees of the Company and its affiliates, who have substantial responsibility
for the direction and management of the Company, as well as certain directors and consultants of the Company, additional incentives to
exert their best efforts on behalf of the Company, to increase their proprietary interest in the success of the Company, to reward outstanding
performance and to provide a means to attract and retain persons of outstanding ability to the service of the Company. 

As of December 31, 2022, options
to purchase 3,160,844 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, and 78,076,774 shares are available for future issuance under
the Plans. 

401(k) Plans 

 Ault Alliance, TurnOnGreen
and Microphase have adopted tax-qualified employee savings and retirement plan, or 401(k) plans, which generally covers all of their full-time
employees. Pursuant to the 401(k) plans, eligible employees may make voluntary contributions to the plan up to a maximum of pursuant to
the current Internal Revenue Code limits. The Microphase 401(k) plan permits, but does not require, matching contributions by them on
behalf of plan participants. The Ault Alliance and TurnOnGreen 401(k) plans, includes matching contributions at the rate of (1) 1.00
for each 1.00 contributed, up to 3 of the base salary and (2) 0.50 for each 1.00 contributed thereafter, up to 5 of the base salary
and permits discretionary contributions. The 401(k) plans are intended to qualify under Sections 401(k) and 401(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended. Contributions to such a qualified plan are deductible by the Company when made, and neither the contributions
nor the income earned on those contributions is taxable to plan participants until withdrawn. All 401(k) plan contributions are credited
to separate accounts maintained in trust. 

Effective January 1, 2001,
SMC adopted a voluntary 401(k) plan. All SMC employees with at least one year of service are eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan.
SMC makes a matching contribution of 100 of salary deferral contributions up to 3 of pay, plus 50 of salary deferral contributions
from 3 to 5 of pay for each payroll period. 

131 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Except as otherwise indicated
below, the following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 17, 2023 by (1)
each of our current directors; (2) each of the executive officers; (3) each person known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than
5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock based upon Schedules 13G or 13D filed with the SEC; and (4) all of our directors and
executive officers as a group. As of April 17, 2023, there were 415,746,694 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 

Beneficial ownership is determined
in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Common stock subject to
options or warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of April 17, 2023 are deemed to be outstanding and to
be beneficially owned by the person or group holding such options or warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
such person or group, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person or
group. Unless otherwise indicated by footnote, to our knowledge, the persons named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power
with respect to all common stock shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws. 

Name and address of beneficial owner 
 Number of shares beneficially owned 
 
 Approximate percent of class 
 
 Greater than 5 Beneficial Owners: 

Ault Alpha LP 
 50,000,000 
 (2) 
 12.03 
 
 Ault Company, Inc. 
 52,666,882 
 (3) 
 12.64 
 
 Directors and Officers: (1) 

Milton Ault, III 
 53,960,007 
 (4) 
 12.93 
 
 William Horne 
 1,086,639 
 (5) 

Henry Nisser 
 1,089,583 
 (6) 

Ken Cragun 
 426,042 
 (7) 

Robert Smith 
 330,000 
 (8) 

Mordechai Rosenberg 
 350,000 
 (9) 

Jeffrey A. Bentz 
 350,000 
 (9) 

Howard Ash 
 300,000 
 (10) 

All directors and executive officers as a group (eight persons) 
 57,892,271 
 
 13.81 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Ault Alliance, Inc.,
11411 Southern Highlands Pkwy, Suite 240, Las Vegas, NV 89141. Percent of class refers to percentage of class beneficially owned as the
term beneficial ownership is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act and is based upon the 415,746,694 shares of Common
Stock outstanding as of the Record Date. 

(2) Includes 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock. 

(3) Includes (i) 1,658,916 shares of Common Stock, (ii) 94 shares of Common Stock underlying currently exercisable
warrants, (iii) 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock purchasable pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement entered into on June 11, 2021
with Ault Alliance, (iv) 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock held by Ault Alpha LP AA ), (v) 3,408 shares of Common Stock
held by Philou Ventures, LLC Philou Ventures ), (vi) 2,232 shares of Common Stock underlying currently exercisable warrants
held by Philou Ventures, and (vii) 2,232 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of 125,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock
held by Philou Ventures. Ault Alpha GP LLC Ault GP and Ault Capital Management LLC AC Management are the
general partner and investment manager of AA, respectively. Ault Company, Inc. A C is the Manager of Philou
Ventures. Mr. Ault is the Chief Executive Officer of A C. Mr. Ault is the Manager of Ault GP and AC Management 

132 

(4) Includes (i) 809,792 shares of Common Stock, (ii) 483,333 shares of Common Stock underlying stock options
that are exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date, (iii) 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock held by AA, (iv) 1,658,916 shares of Common
Stock held by A C, (v) 94 shares of Common Stock underlying warrants that are exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date held by
A C, (vi) 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock purchasable pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement entered into on June 11, 2021 between
A C and Ault Alliance, (vii) 3,408 shares of Common Stock held by Philou Ventures, (viii) 2,232 shares of Common Stock underlying
warrants that are exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date held by Philou Ventures, and (ix) 2,232 shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the conversion of 125,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by Philou Ventures. Ault GP and AC Management are the general partner
and investment manager to AA, respectively. A C is the Manager of Philou Ventures. Mr. Ault is the Chief Executive Officer of A C.
Mr. Ault is the Manager of Ault GP and AC Management. 

(5) Includes (i) 603,306 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 483,333 shares of Common Stock underlying stock options
that are exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date. 

(6) Includes (i) 606,250 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 483,333 shares of Common Stock underlying stock options
that are exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date. 

(7) Includes (i) 200,000 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 226,042 shares of Common Stock underlying stock options
that are exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date. 

(8) Includes (i) 130,000 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 200,000 shares of Common Stock underlying stock options
that are exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date. 

(9) Includes (i) 150,000 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 200,000 shares of Common Stock underlying stock options
that are exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date. 

(10) Includes (i) 100,000 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 200,000 shares of Common Stock underlying stock options
that are exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date. 

Equity Compensation Information 

The following table summarizes information about
our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Number of securities 

Number of securities 
 Weighted- 
 remaining available for 

to be issued 
 average 
 future issuance under 

upon exercise 
 exercise price 
 equity compensation plans 

of outstanding 
 of outstanding 
 (excluding securities 

options, warrants and rights 
 options, warrants and rights 
 reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Plan Category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 
 3,160,844 
 2.49 
 78,076,774 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 
 2,650,000 
 2.31 
 - 
 
 Total 
 5,810,844 
 2.40 
 78,076,774 

133 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Our Audit Committee or in
certain instances, a special committee of our Board, monitors and reviews issues involving potential conflicts of interest and approves
all transactions with related persons as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the securities laws. Examples of such transactions
that must be approved by our Audit Committee or a special committee of our Board include, but are not limited to any transaction, arrangement,
relationship (including any indebtedness) in which: 

the aggregate amount involved is determined to by the Audit Committee to be material; 

we are a participant; and 

any of the following has or will have a direct or indirect interest in the transaction: 

an executive officer, director, or nominee for election as a director; 

a greater than five percent beneficial owner of our common stock; or 

any immediate family member of the foregoing. 

When reviewing transactions
with a related person, the Audit Committee or any special committee of our Board formed for that purpose applies the standards for evaluating
conflicts of interest outlined in our written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

The following information
sets forth certain related transactions between us and certain of our stockholders or directors. Milton C. Ault, III, who is our Executive
Chairman, is also the Chief Executive Officer of Ault Company. 

Avalanche 

On September 6, 2017, we entered
into the AVLP Loan Agreement with an effective date of August 21, 2017 pursuant to which we provided Avalanche a non-revolving credit
facility. The AVLP Loan Agreement has been increased to up to 20.0 million and extended to December 31, 2023. Until recently, we held
a convertible note issued to us by AVLP in the amount of 20.0 million (the Prior AVLP Note ). 

At December 31, 2021, we had
provided Avalanche with 17.8 million and, in addition to the 12 convertible promissory notes, AVLP has issued warrants to us to purchase
35.6 million shares of AVLP common stock. Under the terms of the AVLP Loan Agreement, any notes issued by AVLP are secured by the assets
of AVLP. As of December 31, 2021, we recorded contractual interest receivable attributed to the AVLP Loan Agreement of 2.0 million and
a provision for loan losses of 2.0 million. The warrants issued in conjunction with the non-revolving credit facility entitles us to
purchase up to 35.6 million shares of Avalanche common stock at an exercise price of 0.50 per share for a period of five years. The exercise
price of 0.50 is subject to adjustment for customary stock splits, stock dividends, combinations or similar events. The warrants may
be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis. 

While
Avalanche received funds from a third party in the amount of 2.75 million in early April of 2019 in consideration for its issuance of
a convertible promissory note to such third party (the Third Party Note ), 2.7 million was used to pay an outstanding receivable
due us and no amount was used to repay the debt Avalanche owes us pursuant to the AVLP Loan Agreement. On October 12, 2021, Ault Alpha,
an affiliate of ours, repaid the Third Party Note in full and also acquired a warrant to purchase 1.6 million shares of AVLP common stock.
In consideration therefor, AVLP issued Ault Alpha a term note in the principal amount of 3.6 million, which term note had a maturity
date of June 30, 2022. 

On June 27, 2022, AVLP exchanged
the term note it had issued to Ault Alpha for a 10 senior secured convertible note in the principal face amount of 3.8 million due June
15, 2024 (the Ault Alpha Note ). The Ault Alpha Note is convertible, subject to adjustment, at 0.50 per share. AVLP also
issued Ault Alpha a warrant to purchase an aggregate of 1,617,647 shares of Avalanche common stock at an exercise price of 0.50. Pursuant
to a security agreement entered into by Avalanche and Ault Alpha, as amended by an intercreditor agreement entered into by and among the
foregoing parties, our company and certain other persons, Ault Alpha has a second priority interest in AVLP s assets securing the
repayment of the Ault Alpha Note. 

On July 11, 2022, AVLP issued
us a 10 senior secured convertible note in the principal face amount of 3.0 million due July 10, 2024 (the AVLP Note ).
The AVLP Note is convertible, subject to adjustment, at 0.50 per share. AVLP also issued us warrants to purchase an aggregate of 41.0
million shares of Avalanche common stock at an exercise price of 0.50. Pursuant to a security agreement entered into by Avalanche and
Ault Alpha, as amended by an intercreditor agreement entered into by and among the foregoing parties, our company and certain other persons,
we have a first priority interest in AVLP s assets securing the repayment of the AVLP Note. 

On June 1, 2022, we converted
the entire principal and accrued interest on the Prior AVLP Note into an aggregate of 51.9 million shares of common stock of Avalanche,
representing approximately 90.2 of Avalanche s issued and outstanding shares of common stock. There is currently no liquid market
for the Avalanche common stock. Consequently, even if we were inclined to sell such shares of common stock on the open market, our ability
to do so would be severely limited. Avalanche is not current in its filings with the Commission and is not required to register the shares
of its common stock underlying the Prior AVLP Note or any other loan arrangement we have made with Avalanche described above. 

134 

Milton C. Ault, III and William
Horne, our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, respectively, and two of our directors are directors of Avalanche. In addition,
Philou Ventures, of which Ault Company is the Manager, is the controlling stockholder of Avalanche. Mr. Ault is the Executive Chairman
of Avalanche. Further, Henry Nisser, our President, General Counsel and one of our directors, is the Executive Vice President and General
Counsel of Avalanche. 

Ault Alpha 

Ault Alpha is an affiliate
of our company. See immediately above for its involvement with respect to the Third Party Note. As of December 31, 2022, Ault Alpha had
purchased 50 million shares of our common stock at an average price of 0.55. 

Director Independence 

Independent 
 Audit Committee 
 Nominating and Governance Committee 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 Director 

Milton C. Ault III 
 No 

William B. Horne 
 No 

Henry Nisser 
 No 

Robert O. Smith 
 Yes 
 X 
 C 
 X 
 
 Howard Ash 
 Yes 
 C 
 X 

Jeffrey A. Bentz 
 Yes 
 X 
 
 C 
 
 Mordechai Rosenberg 
 Yes 
 
 X 
 X 

____________ 

C Chairman of committee 

X Member of committee 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Marcum LLP served as our independent
registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Ziv Haft, a BDO Member Firm, served as the independent
registered public accounting firm of Enertec for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Fees and Services 

The following table shows
the aggregate fees billed to us for professional services by Marcum LLP and Ziv Haft for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Services 
 3,280,000 
 1,293,000 
 
 Audit Related Services 

Tax Services 

All Other Services 

Total 
 3,280,000 
 1,293,000 

Audit Fees. This
category includes the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered for the audits of our financial statements for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, for the reviews of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q during 2022
and 2021, and for other services that are normally provided by the independent auditors in connection with statutory and regulatory filings
or engagements for the relevant years. 

Audit-Related Fees. This
category includes the aggregate fees billed in each of the last two years for assurance and related services by the independent auditors
that are reasonably related to the performance of the audits or reviews of the financial statements and are not reported above under Audit
Fees, and generally consist of fees for other engagements under professional auditing standards, accounting and reporting consultations,
internal control-related matters, and audits of employee benefit plans. 

135 

Tax Fees . This category
includes the aggregate fees billed in each of the last two years for professional services rendered by the independent auditors for tax
compliance, tax planning and tax advice. 

All Other Fees. This
category includes the aggregate fees billed in each of the last two years for products and services provided by the independent auditors
that are not reported above under Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees, or Tax Fees. 

The Audit Committee s
policy is to pre-approve all services provided by our independent auditors. These services may include audit services, audit-related services,
tax services and other services. The Audit Committee may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. Our independent
auditors are required to report periodically to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services they provide in accordance with such
pre-approval. 

136 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated January 7, 2021 . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 19, 2021 as Exhibit 2.1 thereto. 
 
 2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated December 1, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2021 as Exhibit 2.1 thereto. 
 
 2.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated December 20, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022 as Exhibit 2.1 thereto. 
 
 3.1 
 
 Form of Certificate of Determination of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, dated March 3, 2017. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2017 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certification of Incorporation, dated September 22, 2017. Incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2017 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Rights and Preferences of 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, dated September 13, 2018. Incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 14, 2018 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, dated January 2, 2019. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2019 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Rights and Preferences of Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, dated February 27, 2019. Incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2019 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (1-for-20 Reverse Stock Split of Common Stock), dated March 14, 2019. Incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2019 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.7 
 
 Form of Amended Restated Certificate of Designations of Rights and Preferences of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2020 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.8 
 
 Bylaws effective as of August 13, 2020. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2020 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Ownership and Merger. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 19, 2021 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of BitNile Holdings, Inc., effective as of November 2, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2021 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.11 
 
 Certificate of Ownership and Merger, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 1, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2021 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.12 
 
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights relating to the 13.00 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, dated May 25, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on May 26, 2022 as Exhibit 3.6 thereto. 
 
 3.13 
 
 Certificate of Increase of the Designated Number of Shares of 13.00 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, dated June 10, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2022 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.14 
 
 Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Designation, Rights and Preferences of 13.00 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, dated June 16, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2022 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.15 
 
 Certificate of Ownership and Merger, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 20, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.16 
 
 Certificate of Elimination of the Series C convertible redeemable preferred stock of Ault Alliance, Inc. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2023 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.17 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2023 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.18 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2023 as Exhibit 3.2 thereto. 
 
 3.19 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2023 as Exhibit 3.3 thereto. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2017 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2017 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 

137 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 

4.3 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2017 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated July 27, 2017. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2017 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated July 28, 2017. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2017 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated July 28, 2017. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2017 as Exhibit 4.2 thereto. 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated August 3, 2017. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2017 as Exhibit 10.3 thereto. 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated August 10, 2017. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2017 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.9 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Avalanche International Corp. to the Company, dated August 21, 2017. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2017 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.10 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by Avalanche International Corp. to the Company, dated August 21, 2017. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2017 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 4.11 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2017 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.12 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated March 23, 2018. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 26, 2018 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.13 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated April 16, 2018. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 16, 2018 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.14 
 
 Form of Series A Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated May 17, 2018. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2018 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.15 
 
 Form of Series B Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated May 17, 2018. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2018 as Exhibit 4.2 thereto. 
 
 4.16 
 
 Form of Series A Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated May 15, 2018. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2018 as Exhibit 4.2 thereto. 
 
 4.17 
 
 Form of Series B Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated May 15, 2018. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2018 as Exhibit 4.3 thereto. 
 
 4.18 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Warrant, dated April 2, 2019. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2019 as Exhibit 4.3 thereto. 
 
 4.19 
 
 Form of Common Warrant, dated April 2, 2019. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on April 4, 2019 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.20 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note, dated May 13, 2019. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2019 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.21 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated May 13, 2019. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2019 as Exhibit 4.2 thereto. 
 
 4.22 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated as of May 28, 2020. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 29, 2020 as Exhibit 4.3 thereto. 
 
 4.23 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated June 26, 2020. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2020 as Exhibit 4.2 thereto. 
 
 4.24 
 
 Form of Warrant. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 17, 2020 as Exhibit 4.2 thereto. 
 
 4.25 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated October 22, 2020. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 23, 2020 as Exhibit 4.2 thereto. 
 
 4.26 
 
 Form of Warrant dated October 27, 2020. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2020 as Exhibit 4.3 thereto. 
 
 4.27 
 
 Form of Warrant dated October 27, 2020. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2020 as Exhibit 4.4 thereto. 
 
 4.28 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to Esousa Holdings, LLC, dated November 19, 2020. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2020 as Exhibit 4.3 thereto. 
 
 4.29 
 
 Form of Senior Indenture between BitNile Holdings, Inc. and the Trustee. Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on October 29, 2021 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.30 
 
 Form of Subordinated Indenture between BitNile Holdings, Inc. and the Trustee. Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on October 29, 2021 as Exhibit 4.2 thereto. 
 
 4.31 
 
 Form of Note , dated December 15, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2021 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 

138 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 

4.32 
 
 Form of Note. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2021 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.33 
 
 Form of Note, dated December 29, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.34 
 
 Form of Class A Warrant, dated December 29, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022 as Exhibit 4.2 thereto. 
 
 4.35 
 
 Form of Class B Warrant, dated December 29, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022 as Exhibit 4.3 thereto. 
 
 4.36 
 
 Form of Amendment to Class B Warrant. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2022 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 4.37 
 
 Form of Note. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2022 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.38 
 
 Form of Class A Warrant . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2022 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.39 
 
 Form of Class B Warrant . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2022 as Exhibit 4.2 thereto. 
 
 4.40 
 
 Form of Note . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.41 
 
 Description of Capital Stock. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement between the Company and Avalanche International Corp., dated August 21, 2017. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2017 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment to MTIX Limited Purchase Order Number 2121. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2020 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 10.3 
 
 At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated January 22, 2021, with Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amendment No. 1 dated February 17, 2021 to At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated January 22, 2021, with Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 2 dated March 5, 2021 to At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated January 22, 2021, with Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Termination Agreement, dated December 31, 2020. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 10, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement with Christopher K. Wu dated June 22, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.9 
 
 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A filed on July 6, 2021 as Appendix B thereto . 
 
 10.10 
 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A filed on July 6, 2021 as Appendix C thereto. 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grants. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on August 26, 2021 as Exhibit 99.3 thereto. 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grants. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on August 26, 2021 as Exhibit 99.4 thereto. 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Non-Fixed Price Sales and Purchase Agreement, by and between Ault Alliance, Inc. and Bitmain Technologies Limited, dated September 12, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Non-Fixed Price Sales and Purchase Agreement, by and between Ault Alliance, Inc. and Bitmain Technologies Limited. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Non-Fixed Price Sales and Purchase Agreement, by and between Ault Alliance, Inc. and Bitmain Technologies Limited. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Note Purchase Agreement, dated December 15, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form of Note Purchase Agreement. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Construction Loan Agreement. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 

139 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 

10.19 
 
 Form of Mortgage, Assignment of Rents and Leases, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2021 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 10.20 
 
 Form of Assignment of Leases, Rents and Profits. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2021 as Exhibit 10.3 thereto. 
 
 10.21 
 
 Form of Guaranty. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2021 as Exhibit 10.4 thereto. 
 
 10.22 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated as of December 27, 2021 by and among Giga-tronics Incorporated, BitNile Holdings, Inc. and Gresham Worldwide, Inc. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.23 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 29, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form of Security Agreement, dated December 29, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form of A C Guaranty, dated December 29, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022 as Exhibit 10.3 thereto. 
 
 10.26 
 
 Form of Subsidiary Guaranty, dated December 29, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022 as Exhibit 10.4 thereto. 
 
 10.27 
 
 Form of Contract of Sale. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto . 
 
 10.28 
 
 At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated February 25, 2022, with Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.29 
 
 Form of Asset Purchase Agreement . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.30 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Superpriority Debtor-in-Possession Financing Term Sheet . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2022 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 10.31 
 
 At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated June 14, 2022, with Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.32 
 
 Form of Note Purchase Agreement. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.33 
 
 Form of Security Agreement. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2022 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 10.34 
 
 Form of Subsidiary Guaranty. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2022 as Exhibit 10.3 thereto. 
 
 10.35 
 
 Form of Parent Guaranty. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2022 as Exhibit 10.4 thereto. 
 
 10.36 
 
 Form of Master Agreement. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.37+ 
 
 Form of Order Form. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2022 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 10.38 
 
 2022 Stock Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A filed on September 23, 2022 as Annex B thereto . 
 
 10.39 
 
 Form of Loan and Purchase Agreement . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.40 
 
 Form of Security Agreement . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2022 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 10.41 
 
 Form of the Third Avenue Pledge . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2022 as Exhibit 10.3 thereto. 
 
 10.42 
 
 Form of the Alliance Cloud Pledge . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2022 as Exhibit 10.4 thereto. 
 
 10.43 
 
 Form of the Ault Aviation Pledge . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2022 as Exhibit 10.5 thereto. 
 
 10.44 
 
 Form of the Account Pledge . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2022 as Exhibit 10.6 thereto. 
 
 10.45 
 
 Form of the Florida Mortgage . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2022 as Exhibit 10.7 thereto. 
 
 10.46 
 
 Form of the Michigan Mortgage . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2022 as Exhibit 10.8 thereto. 
 
 10.47 
 
 Form of the Aircraft Mortgage . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2022 as Exhibit 10.9 thereto. 

140 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 

10.48 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2022, by and among Circle 8 Crane Services LLC, and Circle 8 Newco LLC. Schedules and exhibits to this document are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2022 as Exhibit 2.1 thereto. 
 
 10.49+ 
 
 Form of Master Service Agreement. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.50 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.51 
 
 Form of Security Agreement . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 10.52 
 
 Form of Guaranty . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 as Exhibit 10.3 thereto. 
 
 10.53 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2023 as Exhibit 10.4 thereto. 
 
 10.54 
 
 Form of Share Exchange Agreement, entered into February 8, 2023 . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2023 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.55 
 
 Form of Series B Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2023 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 10.56 
 
 Form of Series C Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2023 as Exhibit 10.3 thereto. 
 
 10.57 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement among the registrant and the Investors, dated March 28, 2023 . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2023 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.58 
 
 Form of Side Letter among the registrant and the Investors, dated March 28, 2023 . Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2023 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 21 
 
 List of subsidiaries. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP. 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Ziv Haft, BDO member firm. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63
 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 
 
 + Certain information in this document
has been excluded pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10). Such excluded information is not material and is the type that the registrant
treats as private or confidential. A copy of omitted information will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request;
provided, however, that the parties may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, for any document so furnished. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10 K SUMMARY 

None. 

141 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

AULT ALLIANCE, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ William B. Horne 

William B. Horne 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Kenneth S. Cragun 

Kenneth S. Cragun 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Milton C. Ault, III 

Milton C. Ault, III, Executive Chairman of the Board 

April 17, 2023 
 /s/ William B. Horne 

William B. Horne, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Henry Nisser 

Henry Nisser, President, General Counsel and Director 

April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Howard Ash 

Howard Ash, Director 

April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Robert O. Smith 

Robert O. Smith, Director 

April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Mordechai Rosenberg 

Mordechai Rosenberg, Director 

April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Jeffrey A. Bentz 

Jeffrey A. Bentz, Director 

142 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AULT ALLIANCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Marcum LLP (PCAOB ID Number 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Ziv Haft. (PCAOB ID Number 1185) 
 F-5 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-9 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-10 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-12 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-14 F-58 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 Ault Alliance, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Ault Alliance, Inc. (f/k/a BitNile Holdings, Inc.) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows
for each of the two years in the period ended December 31 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December
31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 We did not audit the December 31, 2022 and 2021
financial statements of Enertec Systems 2001 Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary, which statements reflect 3 and 3 of the total consolidated
assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, 9 and 21 of the total consolidated revenues for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Those statements were audited by other auditors whose report has been furnished to us, and our opinion,
insofar as it relates to the amounts included for Enertec Systems 2001 Ltd., is based solely on the report of the other auditors. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2, the Company has a working
capital deficiency, has incurred net losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit s .
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit s in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB . Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit s we are required to obtain
an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Evaluation
of the Accounting for and Disclosure of Cryptocurrency Mining Revenue Recognized 

We identified the accounting for and disclosure
of revenue recognized from Bitcoin Mining as a critical audit matter due to the complexities involved in auditing the completeness and
occurrence of this revenue recognized by the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized revenue from Bitcoin
Mining of approximately 16.7 million. The Company s management has exercised significant judgment in their determination of how
existing accounting principles generally accepted in the United States should be applied to the accounting for and disclosure of revenue
recognized from Bitcoin Mining. In addition, the accounting for and disclosure of Bitcoin mining revenue recognized involved certain applications
subject to the general controls over the information technology environment of the Company. 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included the following: 

Evaluated the design and effectiveness of IT
general controls over the Company s IT environment and key financially relevant systems; 

Evaluated the design of certain financial controls
pertaining to the Company s processes for recognizing revenue from Bitcoin Mining; 

Performed site visitations of the facilities
where the Company s mining hardware is located, which included an observation of the physical and environmental controls and mining
equipment inventory observation procedures; 

On a sample basis, tested the hashing power contributed
by the Company s mining hardware; 

Performed certain substantive analytical procedures
using hashing power data and electricity consumption data to determine the completeness and occurrence of digital assets rewarded to the
Company as consideration for services rendered 

Evaluated management s rationale for the
application of ASC 606 to account for its Bitcoin earned, which included evaluating the provisions of the contract between the Company
and the Mining Pool Operators; 

Evaluated management s disclosures of its
Bitcoin activity in the financial statement footnotes; 

Evaluated and tested management s rationale
and supporting documentation associated with the valuation of Bitcoin earned; 

Independently confirmed certain financial and
performance data directly with the blockchain network and the Mining Pool Operators; and 

Compared the Company s digital wallet and
custody records to publicly available blockchain records. 

Evaluation of the Accounting for and Fair Value
of a Related Party Business Combination 

On June 1, 2022, the Company converted the principal
amount under the convertible promissory notes issued to it by Avalanche International Corp. AVLP and accrued unpaid interest
into common stock of AVLP. The Company converted 20.0 million in principal and 5.9 million of accrued interest receivable at a conversion
price of 0.50 per share and received 51,889,168 shares of common stock (the Conversion ), increasing its common stock ownership
of AVLP from less than 20 to approximately 92 . 

We have identified the Conversion as a critical
audit matter as a result of the existing related party relationship and the significant judgement used by the Company to determine the
accounting and reporting implications of this transaction, including determination of the fair value of consideration transferred, assets
acquired, and liabilities assumed. Auditing management s models to determine the fair value was complex and required judgment, particularly
when evaluating inputs such as discount rates, royalty rates, comparable guideline public companies, and income projections. These assumptions
are affected by potential future outcomes, market and industry factors, as well as estimates of the AVLP s future growth. 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included the following: 

We obtained an understanding of the design and
evaluated the implementation of controls associated with the Company s process to establish a valuation methodology and determine
assumptions used in valuation models to conclude on fair value. We gained an understanding of management s review controls over
the significant assumptions described above as well as over the data used in the valuation models; 

We evaluated the Company s accounting position
regarding the Conversion to ensure appropriate accounting in consideration of the applicable accounting guidance; 
 
 We gained an understanding of the Company s
process used to develop projections and tested significant inputs including projected sales volume, gross margins, operating expenses,
and capital expenditures for reasonableness based on historical experience of AVLP or its comparable guideline public companies, or other
market data; and 

F- 3 

With assistance from our valuation specialists,
we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodology and significant assumptions; and tested inputs for reasonableness, including
discount rates, royalty rates, and comparable guideline public companies; and corroborated with audit evidence from external sources or
comparisons to other companies in the industry. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2016. 

April 17, 2023 

F- 4 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Management of Enertec systems 2001 Ltd. 

 Karmiel, Israel. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the statements of financial position
of Enertec systems 2001 Ltd. the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of comprehensive profit
/(loss), changes in shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the financial
statements (not presented herein)). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be
independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly,
we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated and that: (1) relates to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments.
The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts
or disclosures to which it relates. 

Estimation of total contract
costs to be incurred for fixed-price long-term contract revenue 

As described in Note 2 to the financial statements,
the Company recognizes a significant portion of its revenue over time using the cost-to-cost measure of progress, which measures a contract s
progress toward completion based on the ratio of actual contract costs incurred to date to the Company s estimated costs at completion.
The cost estimation process for these contracts is based on the knowledge and experience of the Company s project managers, engineers,
and financial professionals. Changes in job performance, job conditions and management s assessment of expected variable consideration
are factors that influence estimates of the total contract transaction price, total costs to complete those contracts and the Company s
revenue recognition. 

F- 5 

We identified estimated costs to complete on certain
revenue contracts as a critical audit matter. The determination of the total estimated cost and progress toward completion requires management
to make significant estimates and assumptions. Total estimated costs to complete projects include various costs such as direct labor,
material, and subcontract costs. Changes in these estimates can have a significant impact on the revenue recognized each period. Auditing
these estimates involved especially challenging auditor judgment in evaluating the reasonableness of management s assumptions and
estimates over the duration of these contracts. 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included: 

Examining a sample of revenue contracts to evaluate the appropriateness of the Company s identification
of performance obligations and the determination of method for measuring contract progress. 

Assessing the reasonableness of the estimated costs to complete by selecting a sample of open projects
and (i) testing consistency of the estimated total contract costs projected in the current year versus the original or prior period, (ii)
assessing the status of completion by testing of a sample of project costs incurred to date and interviewing the Company s management
to evaluate progress to date, the estimate of remaining costs to be incurred, and factors impacting the amount of time and cost to complete. 

Assessing the reasonableness of changes in estimated costs to complete by comparing project profitability
estimates in the current period to historical estimates and actual performance and investigating reasons for changes in expected costs
and project margins. 

Evaluating the reasonableness of management s budgeting process by selecting a sample of contract
budgets for projects that were completed during the period and performing a retrospective review of budget to actual variances. 

/S/ Ziv
 Haft. 

Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 

BDO Member Firm 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

 Tel-Aviv, Israel April 17 , 2023 

F- 6 

AULT ALLIANCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Marketable equity securities, at fair value 

Digital currencies 

Accounts receivable 

Accrued revenue 

Inventories 

Investment in promissory notes and other, related party 

Loans receivable, current 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and marketable securities held in trust account 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Investments in common stock, related parties 

Investments in other equity securities 

Investment in unconsolidated entity 
 - 

Loans receivable, non-current 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Investment margin accounts payable 

Operating lease liability, current 

Notes payable, net 

Convertible notes payable, current 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

AULT ALLIANCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (continued) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

Operating lease liability, non-current 

Notes payable 

Convertible notes payable 

Deferred underwriting commissions of Ault Disruptive subsidiary 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests in equity of subsidiaries, 11,500,000 shares of Ault Disruptive common stock at redemption value 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, stated value per share, par value shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (liquidation preference of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, stated value per share, share, par value shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (liquidation preference of at December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, stated value per share, par value shares authorized; shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (liquidation preference of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A Common Stock, par value shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class B Common Stock, par value shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Treasury stock, at cost 

TOTAL AULT ALLIANCE STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Non-controlling interest 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

AULT ALLIANCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue, products 

Revenue, cryptocurrency mining 

Revenue, hotel operations 
 
 - 
 
 Revenue, crane operations 
 
 - 
 
 Revenue, lending and trading activities 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue, products 

Cost of revenue, cryptocurrency mining 

Cost of revenue, hotel operations 
 
 - 
 
 Cost of revenue, crane operations 
 
 - 
 
 Total cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Impairment of goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of deposit due to vendor bankruptcy filing 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of Bitcoin mining equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Realized gain on sale of cryptocurrency 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of mined cryptocurrency 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest and other income 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of equity securities, related party 
 - 

Accretion of discount on note receivable, related party 
 - 

Impairment of debt securities 
 - 

Change in fair value of marketable equity securities 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Realized (loss) gain on marketable securities 

Loss from investment in unconsolidated entity 

Impairment of equity securities 
 
 - 
 
 Gain from bargain purchase of business 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Total other expenses, net 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax (benefit) provision 

Net loss 

Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable to Ault Alliance, Inc. 

Preferred dividends 

Net loss available to common stockholders 

Basic net loss per common share 

Diluted net loss per common share 

Weighted average basic and diluted common shares outstanding 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

Net loss available to common stockholders 

Other comprehensive (loss) income 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Impairment of debt securities 
 - 

Other comprehensive (loss) income 

Total comprehensive loss 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

AULT ALLIANCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Accumulated 

Series A, B 
 D 

Additional 
 
 Other 

Total 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Non-Controlling 
 Treasury 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Interest 
 Stock 
 Equity 
 
 BALANCES, January 1, 2022 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for restricted stock awards 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock issued 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Preferred stock offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of Gresham Worldwide common stock for GIGA acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Financing cost in connection with sales of common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Fair value of warrants issued in connection with notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Remeasurement of Ault Disruptive subsidiary temporary equity 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Increase in ownership interest of subsidiary 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Non-controlling interest from AVLP acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Non-controlling interest from SMC acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Non-controlling interest from GIGA acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Non-controlling interest from Circle 8 acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Purchase of treasury stock - Ault Alpha 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Preferred dividends 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Other 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

BALANCES, December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 10 

AULT ALLIANCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Accumulated 

Series A B 

Additional 
 
 Other 

Total 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Non-Controlling 
 Treasury 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Interest 
 Stock 
 Equity 

BALANCES, January 1, 2021 
 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock for restricted stock awards 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Financing cost in connection with sales of common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Non-controlling position at Imperalis subsidiary acquired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Adjustment to treasury stock for holdings in investment partnerships 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for conversion of convertible notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for conversion of convertible notes payable, related
 party 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Fair value of warrants issued in connection with notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants of Ault Disruptive subsidiary, net
 of offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Remeasurement of Ault Disruptive subsidiary temporary equity 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Preferred dividends 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Impairment of debt securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net income attributable to non-controlling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Other 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

BALANCES, December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F- 11 

AULT ALLIANCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest expense debt discount 

Deferred tax benefit 
 
 - 
 
 Accretion of original issue discount on notes receivable related party 
 - 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Impairment of debt securities, net 
 - 

Accretion of original issue discount on notes receivable 

Increase in accrued interest on notes receivable related party 

Stock-based compensation 

Impairment of goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of deposit due to vendor bankruptcy filing 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of cryptocurrencies 

Impairment of Bitcoin mining equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of equity securities 
 
 - 
 
 Realized gain on the sale of cryptocurrencies 
 
 - 
 
 Revenue, cryptocurrency mining 

Realized gains on sale of marketable securities 

Unrealized losses on marketable securities 

Unrealized losses on investments in common stock, related parties 

Unrealized gains on equity securities 

Gain from bargain purchase of business 

Loss from investment in unconsolidated entity 

Loss on remeasurement of investment in unconsolidated entity 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Proceeds from the sale of cryptocurrencies 
 
 - 
 
 Marketable equity securities 

Accounts receivable 

Accrued revenue 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Lease liabilities 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Investment in promissory notes and other, related parties 

Investments in common stock and warrants, related parties 

Investment in real property, related party 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of investment in real property, related party 
 - 

Acquisition of Imperalis, net of cash acquired 
 - 

Purchase of SMC, net of cash received 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of GIGA, net of cash received 
 
 - 
 
 Cash received upon acquisition of AVLP 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of Circle 8, net of cash received 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of non-controlling interests 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of marketable equity securities 

Sales of marketable equity securities 

Investments in loans receivable 

Principal payments on loans receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Investment of Ault Disruptive initial public offering proceeds into trust account 
 - 

Investments in equity securities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 12 

AULT ALLIANCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 

Gross proceeds from sales of common stock 

Financing cost in connection with sales of common stock 

Proceeds from warrant exercises 
 - 

Proceeds from sales of preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Financing cost in connection with sales of preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from notes payable 

Repayment of margin accounts 

Payments on notes payable 

Payments of preferred dividends 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Proceeds from initial public offering of Ault Disruptive 
 - 

Payment of deferred offering costs of Ault Disruptive initial public offering 
 - 

Payments on revolving credit facilities, net 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Conversion of convertible notes payable into shares of common stock 
 - 

Settlement of accounts payable with digital currency 

Conversion of investment in unconsolidated entity for acquisition of AVLP 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion of convertible notes payable, related party into shares of common stock 

Conversion of debt and equity securities to marketable securities 

Conversion of loans receivable to marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion of interest receivable to marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion of loans receivable to debt and equity securities 
 - 

Recognition of new operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 

Remeasurement of Ault Disruptive temporary equity 

Deferred offering costs of Ault Disruptive 
 - 

Fair value of warrants and common stock issued in connection with notes 

Amounts receivable from issuance of promissory notes payable 
 - 

Issuance of notes payable for purchase of property and equipment 
 - 

Deferred underwriter commissions payable of Ault Disruptive subsidiary 
 - 

Debt discount from accrued lender profit participation rights 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenditures capitalized to property and equipment 
 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 13 

AULT ALLIANCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

million, which is not sufficient to fund the Company s planned operations through
one year after the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. These factors create substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year after the date that the Company s audited consolidated financial statements
are issued. 

The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Accordingly,
the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes the Company will continue as a going concern and which
contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

In making this assessment
management performed a comprehensive analysis of the Company s current circumstances including: its financial position, cash flow
and cash usage forecasts, and obligations and debts. Although management has a long history of successful capital raises, the analysis
used to determine the Company s ability as a going concern does not include cash sources outside the Company s direct control
that management expects to be available within the next 12 months. 

Management expects that the
Company s existing cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022, will not be
sufficient to enable the Company to fund its anticipated level of operations through one year from the date these financial statements
are issued. Management anticipates raising additional capital through the private and public sales of the Company s equity or debt
securities and selling its marketable securities, or a combination thereof. Although management believes that such capital sources will
be available, there can be no assurances that financing will be available to the Company when needed in order to allow the Company to
continue its operations, or if available, on terms acceptable to the Company. If the Company does not raise sufficient capital in a timely
manner, among other things, the Company may be forced to scale back its operations or cease operations altogether. 

Sales of Products 

The Company generates revenues
from the sale of its products through a direct and indirect sales force. The Company s performance obligations to deliver products
are satisfied at the point in time when title transfers to the customer. Generally, products are shipped FOB shipping point and title
transfers to the customer at the time the products are placed on a common carrier. The Company provides standard assurance warranties,
which are not separately priced, that the products function as intended. The Company primarily receives fixed consideration for sales
of product. Some of the Company s contracts with distributors include stock rotation rights after six months for slow moving inventory,
which represents variable consideration. The Company uses an expected value method to estimate variable consideration and constrains revenue
for estimated stock rotations until it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not
occur. To date, returns have been insignificant. The Company s customers generally pay within 30 days from the receipt of an invoice. 

Because the Company s
product sales agreements have an expected duration of one year or less, the Company has elected to adopt the practical expedient in ASC
606-10-50-14(a) of not disclosing information about its remaining performance obligations. 

Manufacturing Services 

For manufacturing services,
which include revenues generated by the Company s subsidiary, Enertec Systems 2001 Ltd. Enertec ), and in certain
instances, revenues generated by the Company s subsidiary, Gresham Power Electronics Ltd. Gresham Power ), the Company s
performance obligation for manufacturing services is satisfied over time as the Company creates or enhances an asset based on criteria
that are unique to the customer and that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Generally, the Company recognizes
revenue based upon proportional performance over time using a cost-to-cost method which measures progress based on the costs incurred
to total expected costs in satisfying its performance obligation. This method provides a depiction of the progress in providing the manufacturing
service because there is a direct relationship between the costs incurred by the Company and the transfer of the manufacturing service
to the customer. Manufacturing services that are recognized based upon the proportional performance method are considered revenue from
services transferred over time and to the extent the customer has not been invoiced for these revenues, as accrued revenue in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. Revisions to the Company s estimates may result in increases or decreases to revenues and income and
are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the periods in which they are first identified. 

The Company has elected the
practical expedient to not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component to the extent
that the period between when the Company transfers its promised good or service to the customer and when the customer pays in one year
or less. 

Lending and Trading Activities 

Lending Activities 

 The Fintech segment, through Ault Lending,
LLC Ault Lending ), generates revenue from lending activities primarily through interest, origination fees and late/other
fees. Interest income on these products is calculated based on the contractual interest rate and recorded as interest income as earned.
The origination fees or original issue discounts are recognized over the life of the loan using the effective interest method. 

Trading Activities 

 The Fintech segment, through Ault Lending,
generates revenue from trading activities primarily through sales of securities and unrealized gains and losses from held securities.
Financial instruments utilized in trading activities are carried at fair value. For more information on fair value, see Note 5. Fair Value
of Financial Instruments. Trading-related revenue can be volatile and is largely driven by general market conditions. Also, trading-related
revenue is dependent on the volume and type of transactions, the level of risk assumed, and the volatility of price and rate movements
at any given time within the ever-changing market environment. Realized and unrealized gains and losses are recognized in revenue from
trading activities. 

Bitcoin Mining 

The Company has entered into
a digital asset mining pool by executing a contract with a mining pool operator to provide computing power to the mining pool. The Company s
enforceable right to compensation begins only when, and lasts as long as, the Company provides computing power to the mining pool operator
and is created as power is provided over time. The only consideration due to the Company relates to the provision of computing power.
The contracts are terminable at any time by and at no cost to the Company, and by the pool operator under certain conditions specified
in the contract. Providing computing power in digital asset transaction verification services is an output of the Company s ordinary
activities. Providing such computing power is the only performance obligation in the Company s contracts with mining pool operators. 

The transaction consideration
the Company receives, if any, is non-cash consideration in the form of Bitcoin. Changes in the fair value of the non-cash consideration
due to form of the consideration (changes in the market price of Bitcoin) are not included in the transaction price and therefore, are
not included in revenue. The mining pool operator charges fees to cover the costs of maintaining the pool and are deducted from amounts
the Company may otherwise earn and are treated as a reduction to the consideration received. Fees fluctuate and historically have been
approximately 0.3 per reward earned, on average. 

In exchange for providing
computing power, the Company is entitled to a Full-Pay-Per-Share payout of Bitcoin based on a contractual formula, which primarily calculates
the hash rate provided by the Company to the mining pool as a percentage of total network hash rate, and other inputs. The Company is
entitled to consideration even if a block is not successfully placed by the mining pool operator. The contract is in effect until terminated
by either party. 

All consideration pursuant
to this arrangement is variable. It is not probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue will occur and the Company is able
to calculate the payout based on the contractual formula, non-cash revenue is estimated and recognized based on the spot price of Bitcoin
determined on Yahoo Finance for Bitcoin at the inception of each contract, which is determined to be daily. Non-cash consideration is
measured at fair value at contract inception. Fair value of the crypto asset consideration is determined using the quoted price on Yahoo
Finance for Bitcoin at the beginning of the contract period. This amount is estimated and recognized in revenue upon inception, which
is when hash rate is provided. 

There is no significant financing
component in these transactions. 

Expenses associated with running
the cryptocurrency mining business, such as equipment depreciation and electricity costs, are recorded as a component of cost of revenues. 

Hotel Operations 

The primary sources of revenue include room and
food and beverage revenue from the Company s hotels. 

 Rooms revenue represents revenue
from the occupancy of our hotel rooms, which is driven by the occupancy and average daily rate charged. Rooms revenue includes revenue
from guest no-shows, daily use, and early/late departure fees. The contracts for room stays with customers are generally short in duration
and revenues are recognized as services are provided over the course of the hotel stay at the daily transaction price agreed to under
the contract. 

Food and beverage revenue
consists of revenue from the restaurants and lounges, in room dining and mini bars, and banquet/catering revenue from group and social
functions. Payment of the transaction price is due immediately when the customer purchases the goods and services. Therefore, revenue
is recognized at a point in time when the physical possession has transferred to the customer. 

Crane Operations - Heavy Lifting and Pump
Maintenance Services 

 The Company generates revenue
by providing heavy lifting and pump maintenance services to customers under various short-term agreements which may be hourly, daily,
weekly or monthly. Each service agreement includes a promise to complete the service at a specified location and time and identifies the
billing rate to be charged. Payment terms are identified in the terms of the contract and agreed to by both parties for each promised
service within the contract prior to the commencement or performance of said services. The collectability of payment is considered probable
based on management s history with the certain type and class of customers and their ability and intention of payment. The customer
simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits as the company provides the hourly, daily, weekly or monthly service. 

million and
 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in the United Kingdom U.K. ), and million and million,
respectively, in Israel. The Company has not experienced any losses on deposits of cash and cash equivalents. 

Cash,
cash equivalents and restricted cash consisted of the following: 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

million in cash and marketable securities in a trust account. Cash and marketable securities
held in the trust account represents cash and money market funds that primarily invest in U.S. treasury bills that were purchased with
funds raised through the initial public offering of Ault Disruptive, a consolidated SPAC. The funds raised are held in a trust account
that is restricted for use and may only be used for purposes of completing an initial business combination or redemption of the common
stock of Ault Disruptive, as set forth in the trust agreement. The funds held in trust are included within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2: Inputs other than Level 1 that are
observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are
not active; or model-derived valuations. All significant inputs used in the Company s valuations are observable or can be derived
principally from or corroborated with observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs
also include quoted prices that were adjusted for security-specific restrictions which are compared to output from internally developed
models such as a discounted cash flow model. 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are supported
by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

The carrying amounts of financial
instruments carried at cost, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivables and accounts and other receivable related
party, investments, notes receivable, trade payables and trade payables related party approximate their fair value due to the
short-term maturities of such instruments. 

The
categorization of a financial instrument within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to
the fair value measurement. 

Equity Investments 

The
Company s marketable equity securities are publicly traded stocks or funds measured at fair value and classified within Level 1
and 2 in the fair value hierarchy because the Company uses quoted prices for identical assets in active markets or inputs that are based
upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets. 

For
investments where little or no public market exists, management s determination of fair value is based on the best available information
which may incorporate management s own assumptions and involves a significant degree of judgment, taking into consideration various
factors including earnings history, financial condition, recent sales prices of the issuer s securities and liquidity risks. 

Other
equity securities also include investments in entities that do not have a readily determinable fair value and do not report net asset
value per share. These investments are accounted for using a measurement alternative under which they are measured at cost and adjusted
for observable price changes and impairments. Observable price changes result from, among other things, equity transactions for the same
issuer executed during the reporting period, including subsequent equity offerings or other reported equity transactions related to the
same issuer. For these transactions to be considered observable price changes of the same issuer, the Company evaluates whether these
transactions have similar rights and obligations, including voting rights, distribution preferences, conversion rights, and other factors,
to the investments the Company holds. Any investments adjusted to their fair value by applying the measurement alternative are disclosed
as nonrecurring fair value measurements, including the level in the fair value hierarchy that was used. 

million and million, respectively. 

million and , respectively. 

During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not record inventory write-offs within the cost of revenue. 

Computer, software and related equipment 

Office furniture and equipment 

Crane rental equipment 

Aircraft 

Vehicles 

Building 

Leasehold improvements 

million and million impairment of goodwill related to SMC and GIGA, respectively. During the year
ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized no impairment of goodwill. 

Trade names 

Proprietary technology 

The Company reviews intangible
assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be
recoverable. Factors that the Company considers in deciding when to perform an impairment review include significant underperformance
of the business in relation to expectations, significant negative industry or economic trends, and significant changes or planned changes
in the use of the assets. If an impairment review is performed to evaluate a long-lived asset for recoverability, the Company compares
forecasts of undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the long-lived asset to its carrying
value. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of an asset
are less than its carrying amount. The impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying value of the impaired asset over its
fair value, determined based on discounted cash flows. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized impairment
of intangibles. 

million. Remeasurements to the redemption value of the redeemable
noncontrolling interest in equity of subsidiaries are recorded within additional paid-in capital. Such remeasurements totaled million,
comprising of offering costs incurred in connection with the sale of common stock of Ault Disruptive in the amount of million and
initial valuation of the public warrants of Ault Disruptive in the amount of million. 

uncertain tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, that would require recognition of a liability that would require disclosure in
the financial statements. 

Europe 

- 
 - 
 - 

Middle East and other 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Revenue from contracts with customers 

Revenue, lending and trading activities (North
 America) 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total revenue 

Major Goods or Services 

RF/microwave filters 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Detector logarithmic video amplifiers 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Power supply units and systems 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Healthcare diagnostic systems 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Electric vehicle chargers 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Defense systems 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Digital currency mining 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Hotel operations 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Karaoke machines and related 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Crane rental 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Other 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Revenue from contracts with customers 

Revenue, lending and trading activities 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total revenue 

Timing of Revenue Recognition 

Goods transferred at a point in time 

Services transferred over time 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Revenue from contracts with customers 

The Company s disaggregated
revenues consisted of the following for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Year
 ended December 31, 2021 

GIGA 
 TurnOnGreen 
 Fintech 
 BNI 
 AGREE 
 Total 
 
 Primary Geographical Markets 

North America 

Europe 

- 
 - 
 - 

Middle East 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Other 

- 
 - 
 - 

Revenue from contracts with customers 

Revenue, lending and trading activities (North
 America) 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Total revenue 

Major Goods 

RF/microwave filters 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Detector logarithmic video amplifiers 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Power supply units 

- 
 - 
 - 

Power supply systems 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Healthcare diagnostic systems 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

EV Chargers 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Defense systems 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Digital currency mining 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Other 
 - 
 - 

Revenue from contracts with customers 

Revenue, lending and trading activities 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Total revenue 

Timing of Revenue Recognition 

Goods transferred at a point in time 

Services transferred over time 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Revenue from contracts with customers 

- 
 - 
 
 Investments in marketable equity securities 

- 
 - 
 
 Cash and marketable securities held in trust account 

- 
 - 
 
 Investments in other equity securities 
 
 - 
 - 

Total assets measured at fair value 

- 

Fair Value Measurement at December 31, 2021 

Total 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Investment in common stock of Alzamend a related party 

- 
 - 
 
 Investments in marketable equity securities 

- 
 - 
 
 Cash and marketable securities held in trust account 

- 
 - 
 
 Investments in other equity securities 
 
 - 
 - 

Total assets measured at fair value 

- 

The Company assesses the inputs
used to measure fair value using the three-tier hierarchy based on the extent to which inputs used in measuring fair value are observable
in the market. For investments where little or no public market exists, management s determination of fair value is based on the
best available information which may incorporate management s own assumptions and involves a significant degree of judgment, taking
into consideration various factors including earnings history, financial condition, recent sales prices of the issuer s securities
and liquidity risks. 

The
following table summarizes the changes in investments in other equity securities measured and carried at fair value on a recurring basis
with the use of significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Investment in preferred stock 

Change in fair value of financial instruments 

Conversion to marketable securities 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Equity Investments
for Which Measurement Alternative Has Been Selected 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company held equity investments in other securities valued at million and million, respectively,
that were valued using a measurement alternative. These investments are included in other equity securities in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. 

Measurement Alternative
Impairment 

The
Company has made cumulative downward adjustments for impairments for equity securities that do not have readily determinable fair values
as of December 31, 2022, totaling million. These adjustments have been reflected in other income (expense) on the consolidated statement
of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Marketable equity securities at December 31, 2021 

Gross unrealized 
 Gross unrealized 

Cost 
 gains 
 losses 
 Fair value 
 
 Common shares 

The following table presents additional information
about marketable equity securities: 

Purchases of marketable equity securities in operations 

Purchases of marketable equity securities 

Conversion of debt securities to marketable securities 

Sales of marketable equity securities in operations 

Sales of marketable equity securities 

Realized gains on marketable equity securities 

Realized losses on marketable equity securities 

Unrealized losses on marketable equity securities 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Purchases of marketable equity securities in operations 

Purchases of marketable equity securities 

Conversion of debt securities to marketable securities 

Conversion of loans receivable to marketable securities 

Conversion of interest receivable to marketable securities 

Sales of marketable equity securities in operations 

Sales of marketable equity securities 

Realized gains on marketable equity securities 

Realized losses on marketable equity securities 

Unrealized losses on marketable equity securities 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had invested in the marketable equity securities of certain publicly traded companies. The Company s investment in marketable
equity securities is revalued on each balance sheet date. 

Additions of mined digital currencies 

Payments to vendors 

Impairment of mined cryptocurrency 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Additions of mined digital currencies 

Payments to vendors 

Impairment of mined cryptocurrency 

Sale of digital currencies 

Realized gain on sale of digital currencies 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Work-in-progress 

Finished products 

Total inventories 

Bitcoin mining equipment 

Crane rental equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Land 

Computer, software and related equipment 

Aircraft 
 
 - 
 
 Vehicles 
 
 - 
 
 Office furniture and equipment 

Oil and natural gas properties, unproved properties 
 
 - 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment placed in service, net 

Deposits on cryptocurrency machines 

Property and equipment, net 

Summary of depreciation expense: 

Ault Energy Oil and Gas Properties 

 On July 11, 2022, the Company
announced the formation of Ault Energy, LLC Ault Energy ), as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Ault Energy
is partnering with White River Holdings Corp. White River ), a majority owned subsidiary of BitNile Metaverse, Inc., formerly
known as Ecoark Holdings, Inc. BMI ), on expects to partner on multiple drilling projects across 30,000 acres in Texas,
Louisiana and Mississippi. Ault Energy, as the designee of Ault Lending, has the right to purchase up to 25 , or such higher percentages
at the discretion of White River, in various drilling projects of White River. In August 2022, Ault Energy purchased a 40 working interest
of the Harry O Neal 20-9 No.1 drilling project in Mississippi for 1.0 million included in property and equipment. The Company has
not recorded any depletion as the Harry O Neal 20-9 No.1 drilling project was considered an unproved property as of December 31,
2022. 

Compute North Bankruptcy 

On September 22, 2022, Compute
North Holdings, Inc. (along with its affiliated debtors, collectively, Compute North ), filed for bankruptcy protection.
The Company has a deposit of approximately 2.0 million with Compute North for services yet to be performed by Compute North. The ultimate
outcome of the bankruptcy process, and its impact on the deposit held by the Company, remains to be determined. The Company assessed this
financial exposure and recorded an impairment of the deposit totaling 2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company
has removed the Bitcoin miners that were installed at the hosting facility in Texas. 

Impairment of Bitcoin Mining Equipment 

 During the year ended December
31, 2022, adverse changes in business climate, including decreases in the price of Bitcoin and resulting decrease in the market price
of miners, indicated that an impairment triggering event had occurred. Testing performed indicated the estimated fair value of the Company s
miners to be less than their net carrying value as of December 31, 2022, and an impairment charge of 79.6 million was recognized, decreasing
the net carrying value of the Company s Bitcoin mining equipment to their estimated fair value. The estimated fair value of the
Company s miners is classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy due to the quoted market prices for similar assets. 

Trade names 
 - years 
 
 - 
 
 Customer list 
 - years 

Developed technology 
 - years 
 
 - 
 
 Domain name and other intangible assets 
 years 

Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

The Company s trade
names and trademarks were determined to have an indefinite life. The remaining definite lived intangible assets are primarily being amortized
on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Amortization expense was million and million, respectively, for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 The customer relationships, developed technology and certain trade
names are subject to amortization over their estimated useful lives, which range between 5 and 10 years with an average remaining
useful life of 8.4 years. The following table presents estimated amortization expense for each of the succeeding five calendar years and
thereafter. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Estimated amortization expense 

Acquisition of Imperalis 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Acquisition of AVLP 

Acquisition of SMC 

Acquisition of GIGA 

Impairment of goodwill 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Impairment of SMC Goodwill 

During the fourth quarter
of 2022, SMC experienced adverse changes in business climate, a significant decline in sales and a drop in the trading price of its common
stock. 

Due to these factors, the
Company determined that a triggering event had occurred, and therefore, performed a goodwill impairment assessment as of December 31,
2022. The valuation of the SMC reporting units was determined using a market approach with observable inputs, primarily based on the trading
price of SMC s common stock plus an estimated control premium of approximately 20 . 

The results of the quantitative
test indicated the fair value of the SMC reporting unit did not exceed its carrying amounts, including goodwill, in excess of the carrying
value of the goodwill. As a result, the entire million carrying amount of SMC s goodwill was recognized as a non-cash impairment
charge during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Impairment of GIGA Goodwill 

During the fourth quarter
of 2022, GIGA experienced a significant decline in sales and a drop in the trading price of its common stock. 

Due to these factors, the
Company determined that a triggering event had occurred, and therefore, performed a goodwill impairment assessment as of December 31,
2022. The valuation of the GIGA reporting units was determined using an income approach methodology of valuation. 

The income approach is based on the projected cash flows discounted
to their present value using discount rates, that in the Company s judgment, consider the timing and risk of the forecasted cash
flows using internally developed forecasts and assumptions. Under the income approach, the discount rate used is the average estimated
value of a market participant s cost of capital and debt, derived using customary market metrics. The analysis included assumptions
regarding GIGA s revenue forecast, with negligible or declining growth rates and discount rates of 17.5 using a weighted average
cost of capital analysis. The market approach was also considered; however, the income approach was chosen as the Company determined it
is a better representation GIGA s projected long-term performance. 

The results of the quantitative
test indicated the fair value of the GIGA reporting unit did not exceed its carrying amounts, including goodwill, in excess of the carrying
value of the goodwill. As a result, the entire million carrying amount of GIGA s goodwill was recognized as a non-cash impairment
charge during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

- 

SMC 

AVLP 
 - 

Total 

Accrued interest receivable, related party 

Other 

- 

Total investment in promissory notes and other, related parties gross 

The Company recorded related
party interest income of million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in interest income. 

Investment in Common Stock, Related Parties 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Total investment in common stock of Alzamend 

The following table summarizes
the changes in the Company s investments in Alzamend during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Alzamend note and advances converted into common stock 
 - 

Investment in common stock of Alzamend 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized loss in common stock of Alzamend 
 
 - 
 
 Accretion of discount 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 
 Investment in common stock of Alzamend 
 
 - 
 
 Alzamend stock received for marketing services 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized loss in common stock of Alzamend 
 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Investments in
Alzamend Common Stock 

The
following table summarizes the changes in the Company s investments in Alzamend common stock during the year ended December 31,
2021: 

Purchase of shares from an Alzamend shareholder 

March 9, 2021 securities purchase agreement 

Investment in Alzamend initial public offering 

Open market purchases after initial public offering 

Unrealized loss in common stock of Alzamend 

Investment in Alzamend common stock 

Investment in Alzamend options 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

The
following table summarizes the changes in the Company s investments in Alzamend common stock during the year ended December 31,
2022: 

Shares of 
 Per Share 
 Investment in 

Common Stock 
 Price 
 Common Stock 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2022 

March 9, 2021 securities purchase agreement 

Alzamend stock received for marketing services 

Open market purchases after initial public offering 

Unrealized loss in common stock of Alzamend 

Investment in Alzamend common stock 

Alzamend Marketing and Brand Development
Services Agreement 

On November 1, 2022, the Company
entered into a contract with Alzamend, a related party, to provide marketing and brand development services. The contract is effective
as of August 1, 2022, for a period of one year. The parties to the contract approved the contract on November 1, 2022, which is considered
contract inception. 

Alzamend issued shares
of its common stock to satisfy payment under the contract. 

As the transaction consideration
received by the Company is non-cash consideration in the form of shares of Alzamend common stock, changes in the fair value of the non-cash
consideration due to form of the consideration (changes in the market price of Alzamend stock) are not included in the transaction price
and therefore, are not included in revenue. 

The Company will recognize
revenue of approximately million over the period from contract inception to the end of the contract term based on the number of shares
received and the trading price of Alzamend stock at contract inception. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recognized approximately
 million in related party revenue and recorded million as a contract liability related to this agreement. 

Investment in promissory note - Alpha Fund 

Accrued interest receivable 

Other 

Total investment in promissory notes, gross 

Less: provision for loan losses 

Total investment in promissory note 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, no
interest income was recognized from the Company s investment in AVLP. 

Investment in Common Stock and Warrants 

December 31, 

2021 
 
 Investment in common stock and warrants 

The following table summarizes
the changes in the Company s equity investments in an unconsolidated entity, AVLP, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021: 

Investment in convertible promissory notes 
 - 

Fair value of warrants 
 
 - 

Unrealized loss in warrants 
 
 - 

Unrealized gain in common stock 
 
 - 

Loss from equity investment 
 
 - 

Accretion of discount 
 - 

Accrued interest 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Investment in convertible promissory notes 
 - 

Loss from equity investment 

Accrued interest 
 - 

Loss on remeasurement upon conversion 
 - 

Conversion of AVLP convertible promissory notes 
 - 

Elimination of intercompany debt after conversion 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 

million in the NY Partnership. The Company
has no further required funding obligations related to the hotel. This investment does not have a readily determinable fair value and
has been measured at cost. 

million or approximately of the limited partnership interests in Alpha Fund, the full amount of which
was funded, an increase of 16 million from the million subscribed and funded as of December 31, 2021. These investments are subject
to a rolling five-year lock-up period, provided that after three years, Alpha GP will waive 24 months of the lock-up period upon receipt
of written notice from an executive officer of the Company that a withdrawal of capital is required to prevent a going concern opinion
from the Company s auditors, under the terms of Alpha Fund s partnership agreement and side letter entered into between the
Company and Alpha Fund. 

The Company consolidates Alpha
Fund as a variable interest entity (a VIE due to its significant level of influence and control of Alpha Fund, the size
of its investment, and its ability to participate in policy making decisions, the Company is considered the primary beneficiary of the
VIE. 

Investments by Alpha Fund Treasury
Stock 

As of December 31, 2022, Alpha
Fund owned shares of the Company s common stock and shares of the Company s Series D Cumulative Redeemable
Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Series D Preferred Stock ), accounted for as treasury stock as of December 31, 2022. 

million in principal and million of accrued interest receivable at a conversion price of 
per share and received 51,889,168 shares of common stock increasing its common stock ownership of AVLP from less than to approximately
 . 

Prior to the conversion of
the convertible promissory notes, the Company accounted for its investment in AVLP as an investment in an unconsolidated entity under
the equity method of accounting. In connection with the conversion of the convertible promissory notes, the Company s consolidated
financial statements now include all of the accounts of AVLP, and any significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation. 

The Company estimated the
fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed using valuation techniques, such as the income, cost and market approaches. The
fair values are based on available historical information and on future expectations and assumptions deemed reasonable by management but
are inherently uncertain. The income method to measure the fair value of intangible assets, is based on forecasts of the expected future
cash flows attributable to the respective assets. Significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the valuations reflected a consideration
of other marketplace participants and included the amount and timing of future cash flows (including expected growth rates and profitability),
the underlying product or technology life cycles, economic barriers to entry and the discount rate applied to the cash flows. Unanticipated
market or macroeconomic events and circumstances could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions. 

The tradenames and patents/developed
technology intangible assets were valued using the relief-from-royalty method. The relief-from-royalty method is one of the methods under
the income approach wherein estimates of a company s earnings attributable to the intangible asset are based on the royalty rate
the company would have paid for the use of the asset if it did not own it. Royalty payments are estimated by applying royalty rates of
20 for patents and developed technology and 0.25 for trademarks. The resulting net annual royalty payments are then discounted to present
value using a discount factor of 24.6 . 

Goodwill represents the excess
of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time of the acquisition. The goodwill resulting from this acquisition
is not tax deductible. 

The Company invested in AVLP
based on the potential global impact of the novel technology of AVLP. AVLP has developed a novel cost effective and environmentally friendly
material synthesis technology for textile applications. AVLP s Multiplex Laser Surface Enhancement is a unique technology that has
the ability to treat both natural and synthetic textiles for a wide variety of functionalities, including dyeability and printing enhancements,
hydrophilicity, hydrophobicity, fire retardancy and anti-microbial properties. The use of water, harmful chemicals and energy is significantly
reduced in comparison to conventional textile treatment methods. 

The following table presents
the allocation of the consideration transferred to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values. 

Fair value of non-controlling interest 

Total consideration 

Identifiable net liabilities assumed: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Intangible asset - patents/developed technology (not yet placed in service; upon being placed in service, year estimated useful life) 

Intangible asset - trademarks year estimated useful life) 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred tax liability 

Convertible notes payable, principal 

Net assets assumed 

Goodwill 

The Company consolidates the
results of AVLP on a one-month lag, therefore the statements of operations include results for AVLP for the six months ended November
30, 2022. 

AVLP Related Party Transaction 

During the period from June 2022 to November 2022,
MTIX Ltd., a subsidiary of AVLP, incurred fees of million from 313M Technology Ltd, a UK Company, 313M for the use
of facilities and personnel. The Managing Director of 313M is Kristina Mistry, the daughter of Pravin Mistry, a director of AVLP and the
Chief Executive Officer of MTIX Ltd. 

Overview of SMC Acquisition 

Beginning in June 2022, the
Company, through its subsidiary Ault Lending, began making open market purchases of SMC common stock. These purchases granted the Company
a greater than 20 effective ownership on June 9, 2022, and subsequently, on June 15, 2022, 

SMC is a NASDAQ-listed global
leader in consumer karaoke products. This strategic acquisition aligns with the Company s initiatives to expand its presence in
the hospitality and entertainment industry. SMC leverages a top-tier global distribution network through major mass merchandisers and
online retailers. The Company intends to capitalize on its existing relationships and sourcing capabilities to extend SMC s reach
and product offerings, with the goal of increasing market share and revenues. 

As of June 15, 2022 Acquisition
Date ), the purchase price of the common stock acquired totaled million
and on June 15, 2022 a 
 million gain was recognized in interest and other income for the remeasurement of the Company s previously held ownership
interest to 
 million, based on the trading price of SMC common stock. The Company also recognized non-controlling interest at fair value as
of the Acquisition Date in the amount of 
 million. 

The trade names and developed technology intangible assets were valued
using the relief-from-royalty method. The relief-from-royalty method is one of the methods under the income approach wherein estimates
of a company s earnings attributable to the intangible asset are based on the royalty rate the company would have paid for the use
of the asset if it did not own it. Royalty payments are estimated by applying royalty rates between of 0.5 and 1.0 to the prospective
revenue attributable to the intangible asset. The resulting net annual royalty payments are then discounted to present value using a discount
factor of 12.0 . 

The Company determined an
estimated fair value of customer relationships using an income approach utilizing a discounted cash flow methodology. The analysis included
assumptions regarding the development of new businesses and 3 organic growth rates, a discount rate of 12 using a weighted average cost
of capital analysis, and capital expenditure requirements associated with any new initiatives developed by SMC. Significant assumptions
utilized in the income approach were based on company specific information and projections which are not observable in the market and
are therefore considered Level 3 fair value measurements. 

The goodwill resulting from
this acquisition is not tax deductible. 

The following table presents
the allocation of the consideration transferred to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values. 

Fair value of non-controlling interest 

Total consideration 

Identifiable net assets acquired: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Inventories 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Intangible assets: 

Trade names 
 year estimated useful life) 

Customer relationships year estimated useful life) 

Proprietary technology year estimated useful life) 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Notes payable 

Lease liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Overview of GIGA Acquisition 

On September 8, 2022, GIGA

On September 8, 2022, the
Company loaned GIGA million by purchasing a convertible note that carries an interest rate of per annum and matures on February
14, 2023. The convertible note between the Company and GIGA is eliminated in consolidation beginning on September 8, 2022. The Company
received the right to appoint four members of a seven member GIGA board of directors. These factors contributed to the Company s
determination that GWW be treated as the accounting acquirer. 

The Company believes there
are synergies between GIGA and GWW. GIGA manufactures specialized electronics equipment for use in both military test and airborne operational
applications. GIGA focuses on the design and manufacture of custom microwave products for military airborne, sea, and ground applications
as well as the design and manufacture of high-fidelity signal simulation and recording solutions for RADAR and electronic warfare test
applications. GIGA s results of operations subsequent to the acquisition are included in the Company s GIGA defense business
segment. 

In respect of the above transactions,
the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, together with acquired processes and employees, represent a business as defined in ASC 805,
 Business Combinations . The transactions were accounted for as a reverse acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting
with GIGA treated as the legal acquirer and GWW treated as the accounting acquirer. In identifying GWW as the acquiring entity for accounting
purposes, GIGA and GWW took into account a number of factors, including the relative voting rights, executive management and the corporate
governance structure of the Company. GWW is considered the accounting acquirer since the Company controls the board of directors of GIGA
following the transactions and received a 71.2 beneficial ownership interest in GIGA. However, no single factor was the sole determinant
in the overall conclusion that GWW is the acquirer for accounting purposes; rather all factors were considered in arriving at such conclusion. 

The fair value of the purchase
consideration was million, consisting of million for GIGA s common stock and prefunded warrants, million fair value
of vested stock incentives, million cash and million related to an existing loan agreement between Ault Lending and GIGA, which
was deemed settled. 

The total purchase price to
acquire GIGA has been allocated to the assets acquired and assumed liabilities based upon estimated fair values, with any excess purchase
price allocated to goodwill. The goodwill resulting from this acquisition is not tax deductible. The fair value of the acquired assets
and assumed liabilities as of the date of acquisition are based on reports from a third-party valuation expert. 

The purchase price allocation
is as follows: 

Fair value of non-controlling interest 

Total consideration 

Identifiable net assets acquired (liabilities assumed): 

Cash 

Trade accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued revenue 

Property and equipment 

Right-of-use asset 

Other long-term assets 

Accounts payable 

Loans payable, net of discounts and issuance costs 

Accrued payroll and benefits 

Lease obligations 

Other current liabilities 

Other non-current liabilities 

Net liabilities assumed 

Goodwill 

Overview of Circle 8 Acquisition 

On November 17, 2022, Circle
8 Buyer ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Circle 8 Holdco LLC entered into an asset purchase agreement Circle 8 Purchase
Agreement with Circle 8 Crane Services, LLC Seller ), to acquire substantially all of Circle 8 s operating
assets and the recapitalization of the business into Circle 8. The Company has a direct ownership in Circle 8 Holdco LLC and a 
indirect ownership via Circle 8 Crane GP. 

In accordance with the Circle
8 Purchase Agreement, on December 16, 2022 Closing Date ), the Buyer completed the acquisition and obtained control of Circle
8. The following summarizes the fair value
of consideration transferred at the acquisition closing: 

Rollover equity 

Contingent consideration earn-out 

Sellers transaction expenses reimbursement 

Total consideration 

In conjunction with the acquisition,
certain individuals of the Seller s ownership group received rollover equity interest as purchase consideration. The rollover equity
includes the Buyer issuing to the Seller 6,000 Class D interests in Circle 8 Holdco LLC, which is the sole owner of the equity interests
of Circle 8. Management engaged a valuation specialist to estimate the fair value of the grants as of the Closing Date. 

Pursuant to the terms of the
Circle 8 Purchase Agreement, additional purchase consideration would be paid by the Buyers to the Sellers, contingent upon achievement
of a minimum EBITDA threshold for a three-year earn-out measurement period beginning on the day following the Closing Date and ending
on the date that is the 36-month anniversary of the Closing Date, which would then increase for additional EBITDA performance up to a
maximum ceiling. Pursuant to the terms of the Circle 8 Purchase Agreement, the earn-out would be paid to the Sellers in an amount ranging
from 0 up to 0.7 million based on a pro rata basis for incremental EBITDA results starting at a minimum of 5.7 million. The fair value
of the earn-out was valued using the Monte Carlo Simulation which estimates the fair value based on an analysis of various future outcomes.
As such the fair value measurement includes significant unobservable inputs such as risk-adjusted discount rate and projected results
of operations over the earn-out period, and thus, represented a Level 3 measurement. The fair value of the earn-out as of the acquisition
date was 0.9 million. To date, the year one earn-out measurement period has not been surpassed and thus, no cash payments have been made
from the Buyers to the Sellers for contingent purchase consideration. 

The acquisition was accounted
for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. In accordance
with ASU 2014-18, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Identifiable Intangible Assets in a Business Combination, the Company
elected not to separately recognize intangible assets that would otherwise arise from customer-related intangible assets. The value of
these intangible assets is effectively subsumed into goodwill. 

The purchase price has been
allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date,
with the exception of the deferred income tax assets acquired and liabilities assumed which are recognized and measured in accordance
with ASC 740, Income Taxes. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the values of the identifiable assets and liabilities
is recorded as goodwill. 

The acquisition resulted in
the fair value of the net assets acquired exceeding the amount of consideration transferred, which occurred as a result of negotiations
with the Seller at a time of depressed EBITA as well as imposing a requirement on the Seller to provide preliminary net working capital
equal to or greater than 3.0 million without the ability for adjustments up or down. ASC 805 refers to this as a bargain purchase 
and requires the Buyer to recognize a gain for the amount that the values assigned to the net assets acquired exceed the consideration
transferred and cannot recognize goodwill from the acquisition. 

Consequently, the Company
reassessed the recognition and measurement of identifiable assets acquired, and liabilities assumed and concluded that all acquired assets
and assumed liabilities were recognized and that the valuation procedures and resulting measures were appropriate. As a result, the Company
recognized a gain of 0.8 million. The gain is included in the line item gain from bargain purchase of business in the consolidated
statement of operations. 

The following table summarizes
the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date: 

Trade receivable, net 

Prepaids and other current assets 

Inventory 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets trade name 
 year estimated useful life) 

Intangible assets customer relationships year estimated useful life) 

Other non-current assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll and benefits 

Operating lease liabilities - current 

Other current liabilities 

Notes payable - Equipment notes 

Operating lease liabilities - non current 

Total Liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

The fair value of the acquired
trade accounts receivables approximates the carrying value due to the short-term nature of the expected timeframe to collect the amounts
due and the contractual cash flows, which are expected to be collected related to these receivables. 

As part of the purchase
price allocation, the Company determined the identifiable intangible assets were: (i) trade name and (ii) customer relationships.
The fair value of the intangible assets was estimated using variations of the income approach. Specifically, the relief from royalty
method was utilized to estimate the fair value of the trade name and the multi-period excess earnings method was utilized to
estimate the fair value of the customer relationships. The trade name relates to the overall consolidated group name and related
industry recognition. The customer relationships represent a source of repeat business that is critical to the operations providing
crane operators, engineering, custom rigging and transportation services for oilfield, construction, commercial and infrastructure
markets. The discounted cash flows were based on estimates used to price the transaction, and the discount rates applied were
benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model and the weighted average cost of capital. These
nonrecurring fair value measurements are primarily determined using unobservable inputs. Accordingly, these fair value measurements
are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

The consolidated financial
statements include results of operations following the consummation of the acquisition for the period December 16, 2022, through December
31, 2022. 

Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 

The following unaudited pro
forma consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 have been prepared as if the AVLP, SMC, GIGA and Circle
8 acquisitions had occurred on January 1, 2021. This table has been prepared for comparative purposes only and is not indicative of the
actual results that would have been attained had the acquisition occurred as of the beginning of the periods presented, nor is it indicative
of future results. 

Net loss attributable to Ault Alliance, Inc. 

Asset Acquisitions During 2021 

Acquisition of
Michigan Cloud Data Center 

On
January 29, 2021, Alliance Cloud Services, LLC, a majority-owned subsidiary of its wholly owned subsidiary, Ault Alliance, closed on
the acquisition of a 617,000 square foot energy-efficient facility located on a 34.5 acre site in southern Michigan for a purchase
price of 
million. The purchase price was paid by the Company using its own working capital. The facility is subject to a final corrective
measures plan with the Environment Protection Agency. The seller performed remedial activities at the Michigan facility relating to
historical soil and groundwater contamination and the Company is responsible for ongoing monitoring and final remediation plans. The
Company s estimated cost of the environmental remediation obligation is approximately 
million and reflects its best estimate of probable future costs for remediation based on the current assessment data and regulatory
obligations. Future costs will depend on many factors, including the extent of work necessary to implement monitoring and final
remediation plans and the Company s time frame for remediation. The Company may incur actual costs in the future that are
materially different than this estimate and such costs could have a material impact on results of operations, financial condition,
and cash flows during the period in which they are recorded. 

Acquisition of Hotels 

On
December 22, 2021, the Company, through AGREE, acquired four hotel properties for million consisting of a 136-room Courtyard by
Marriott, a 133-room Hilton Garden Inn and a 122-room Residence Inn by Marriott in Middleton, WI, as well as a 135-room Hilton Garden
Inn in Rockford, IL. 

The allocation of the purchase
price of the hotel acquisitions is based on the estimated fair value of the assets acquired. The Company accounted for these transactions
as acquisitions of assets. 

The Company has performed
a valuation analysis of the fair market value of the assets acquired. The accounted for these transactions as acquisitions of assets.
The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase price as of the date of the Acquisition. The purchase price
consisted of million paid to the seller and million of direct transaction costs. 

Building improvements 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Assets acquired 

Acquisition of St. Peterburg Land 

On
December 30, 2021, the Company, through Third Avenue Apartments, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of AGREE Madison, LLC AGREE Madison ),
a wholly owned subsidiary of AGREE, acquired certain real property located at the southeast corner of 5th Street North and 3rd Avenue
North in St. Petersburg, Florida. The purchase price for the property was million. The Company has obtained permits to develop the
property for a high-rise multi-family project. 

million. The
transaction was structured such that upon the closing of the subsequent sale of the residence, the Company shall have not recognized a
gain or a loss on the transaction. The Company and Mr. Ault agreed to escrow million of the purchase price in the event of a
loss on the subsequent sale of the residence. During April 2021, the Company entered into an agreement for the subsequent sale of the
residence, which closed on April 19, 2021. 

million shares of common stock for grant of awards under the plan. 

Options granted under the
plan have an exercise price equal to or greater than the fair value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant and become exercisable
based on a vesting schedule determined at the date of grant. Typically, options granted generally become fully vested after four
years. Any options that are forfeited or cancelled before expiration become available for future grants. The options expire between 5
and 10 years from the date of grant. Restricted stock awards granted under the plan are subject to a vesting period determined at
the date of grant. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of million shares of the Company s common stock were available for
future grant. 

The options outstanding as
of December 31, 2022, have been classified by exercise price, as follows: 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuances outside of the Plan 

- 

- 

Total Options 
 
 - 

The total stock-based compensation
expense related to stock options and stock awards issued to the Company s employees, consultants and directors, included in reported
net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was comprised as follows: 

Total stock-based compensation 

A summary of option activity
under the Company s stock option plans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and changes during the years ended are as follows: 

Authorized 
 
 - 

Stock options granted 

Restricted stock awards 
 
 - 

Forfeited 

December 31, 2021 

Authorized 
 
 - 

Forfeited 

December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there
was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements granted under the plan.
That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

GWW Stock-Based
Compensation 

On May 25, 2021, GWW issued
its executives options to purchase an aggregate total of 
 shares of GWW Class A common stock, at an exercise price per share of .
The options vest over a four-year period. Additionally, the executives were granted a restricted stock award to acquire an aggregate
of 50,000 shares of GWW Class A common stock, vesting annually over a three-year term. The stock-based compensation expense related to
the options included in reported net loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
 million and 
 million, respectively, based on the estimated fair value of the options on the date of issuance. As of December 31, 2022, there
was 
 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements with Messrs. Read and Long.
That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 
 years. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Exercised 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Exercised 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

The following table summarizes
information about common stock warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022: 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Warrant Issuances During 2021 

On December 30, 2021, the
Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price equal to per share in
connection with the issuance of promissory notes in the aggregate principal face amount of million (see Note 24). If the trading price
of the common stock is less than 2.50 per share 90 days after December 30, 2021, the exercise price will be reduced to 110 of the closing
price of the common stock on that date, subject to a floor price of 1.00 per share. 

The Company has valued the
14,095,350 Series A warrants issued in connection with the issuance of promissory notes in the aggregate principal face amount of 66
million (see Note 24) at their date of grant utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. The Company has valued the other warrants
issued at their date of grant utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model. This model is dependent upon several variables such as
the warrants remaining contractual term, exercise price, current stock price, risk-free interest rate and estimated volatility
of the Company s stock over the contractual term of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate used in the calculations is based
on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury issues with an equivalent term approximating the contractual life of the warrants. 

Warrant Issuances During 2022 

On November 7, 2022, the
Company issued warrants to purchase 4,533,334 shares of common stock at exercise price equal to 0.45 per share and warrants to purchase
 
 shares of common stock at exercise price equal to 
 per share, subject to adjustment in connection with the issuance of secured promissory notes
in the aggregate principal face amount of 
 million (see Note 24) . 

The Company has valued the
warrants issued at their date of grant utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model. This model is dependent upon several variables
such as the warrants remaining contractual term, exercise price, current stock price, risk-free interest rate and estimated volatility
of the Company s stock over the contractual term of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate used in the calculations is based
on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury issues with an equivalent term approximating the contractual life of the warrants. 

The Company utilized a variety
of pricing models and the weighted average assumptions used during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Contractual term in years 

Volatility 

Dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Accrued payroll and payroll taxes 

Accrued lender profit participation rights 
 
 - 
 
 Interest payable 

Accrued legal 

Advances from related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Financial instrument liabilities 

Other accrued expenses 

Total liabilities 

Accrued Lender Profit Participation Rights 

The accrued lender profit
participation rights relate to the November 18, 2022 secured promissory notes. The secured promissory notes have a security interest in
certain marketable securities to be acquired by BNI (the Participation Collateral ). When the Company sells the Participation
Collateral, the Company is required to give the investors a profits participation interest equal to 45 of the realized gains. The Company
estimated the profit participation right resulting in a 6.0 million estimated liability based on 45 of the expected realized gain as
of December 31, 2022. 

Financial Instruments 

Under authoritative guidance
used by the FASB on determining whether an instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to an entity s own stock, instruments that
do not have fixed settlement provisions are deemed to be derivative instruments. In prior years, the Company granted certain warrants
that resulted in these warrants being accounted for as a financial instrument in accordance with ASC 815 and being re-measured every reporting
period with the change in value reported in the statement of operations. 

The financial instruments
were valued using a variety of pricing models with the following valuation assumptions for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Exercise price 

Contractually defined remaining term 

Contractually defined volatility 

Dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Per the terms of
the warrant agreements underlying the financial instruments, the value to the warrant holders is defined within the agreement based on
a stock price, contractual term, volatility factor and dividend rate as defined in the warrant agreement, and not indexed to the company s
stock, resulting in the financial instrument accounting. The risk-free interest rate was based on rates established by the Federal Reserve
Bank. 

The following table sets forth
a summary of the changes in the estimated fair value of the financial instruments during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Recognition of financial instruments 
 - 

Change in fair value 

Extinguishment 

Ending balance 
 - 

Advances from Related Parties 

As of December 31, 2022, the
balance of advances from related parties was million. This amount consists of unsecured, non-interest-bearing loans due on demand,
which were borrowed in December 2022. 0.2 million of the balance was borrowed from Mr. Nisser, and 0.1 million was borrowed from Mr.
Horne. These loans are not subject to written agreements. 

million and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, the interest expense on these borrowings was and , respectively. 

Operating lease liability - current 

Operating lease liability - non-current 

The components of lease expenses
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were as follows: 

Short-term lease cost 
 - 
 - 
 
 Variable lease cost 
 - 
 - 

The following tables provides
a summary of other information related to leases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases 
 years 
 years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

Maturity of lease liabilities
under the Company s non-cancellable operating leases as of December 31, 2022, were as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

10 original issue discount senior secured notes 

- 

AGREE Madison secured construction loans 

SMC line of credit 

- 
 
 SMC installment notes 

- 
 
 SMC line of credit 

- 
 
 SMC line of credit 

- 
 
 XBTO note payable 

- 
 
 16 senior secured promissory note 

- 
 
 3 secured promissory notes 

- 
 
 8.5 secured promissory notes 

- 
 
 10 secured promissory notes 

- 
 
 Short-term bank credit facilities 
 
 Renews monthly 

Total notes payable 

Less: 

Unamortized debt discounts 

Total notes payable, net 

Less: current portion 

Notes payable long-term portion 

During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded amortization of debt discounts of million and million, respectively. 

Notes Payable Maturities 

The contractual maturities
of the Company s notes payable, assuming the exercise of all extensions that are exercisable solely at the Company s option,
as of December 31, 2022 were: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

December 2021 Secured Promissory Notes 

On December 30, 2021, the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement with certain sophisticated investors providing for the issuance of: 

secured promissory notes (the Secured Promissory Notes that bear interest at per annum
with an aggregate principal face amount of approximately million including a original issue discount; 

five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at
an exercise price of , subject to adjustment; and 

five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of Common Stock (the Class B Warrant
Shares at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment. The Class B Warrant Shares are deemed to be a derivative
instrument. 

In March 2022, the 
 million Secured Promissory Notes were repaid and the Company fully amortized the related debt discount of 
 million, which is included within interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 

AGREE Madison Construction Loan Agreements 

On December 22, 2021,
AGREE Madison, through various wholly owned subsidiaries, entered into construction loan agreements. The outstanding balances under
the construction loans was million
as of December 31, 2021. The construction loans are due on January 1, 2025, but may be extended for two additional 12-month terms,
subject to certain terms and conditions as set forth in the construction loan agreements. The
AGREE Madison subsidiaries will make monthly installment payments of interest only, starting January 1, 2022. Ault Alliance also
provided a completion guaranty to the lenders for the completion of the property improvement plans. 

10 Secured Promissory Notes 

On August 10, 2022, the Company,
through its BNI subsidiary, entered into a note purchase agreement providing for the issuance of secured promissory notes with an aggregate
principal face amount of million and an interest rate of . The purchase price (proceeds to the Company) for the secured promissory
notes was million. The secured promissory notes have a security interest in million of marketable securities and investments
and certain Bitcoin mining equipment with a carrying amount of million. The secured promissory notes are further secured by
a guaranty provided by the Company, Ault Lending and by Milton C. Ault, the Executive Chairman of the Company. 

On November 18, 2022, the
Company s BNI subsidiary entered into an amendment to the 10 secured promissory notes issued on August 10, 2022, whereby the investors
permitted the Company to (i) elect to utilize one of the six monthly forbearances under the notes for the November 2022 monthly payment
and (ii) make the forbearance payment with the December 2022 monthly payment. 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company was in default under the terms of the secured promissory notes because it did not hold the required million worth of
Bitcoin as collateral. However, the lenders granted the Company a waiver for this default. The 10 secured promissory notes were subsequently
retired in March 2023 and replaced with preferred shares, as described in Note 33 Subsequent Events. 

SMC Credit and Security Agreement with Fifth
Third Bank 

On October 14, 2022, SMC entered
into a Credit and Security Agreement (the Credit Agreement with Fifth Third Bank, National Association, as Lender Fifth
Third replacing SMC s credit facilities with Crestmark Bank and Iron Horse Credit that were terminated by the Company on
October 13, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2022, SMC
was in default under the Credit Agreement due to non-compliance with the fixed charge coverage ratio covenant primarily due to SMC s
decrease in revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022 and increased general and administrative expenses. To date, Fifth Third has not taken
action to accelerate SMC s obligations under the Credit Agreement and SMC is currently in negotiations with Fifth Third to obtain
a waiver and renegotiate the fixed charge coverage ratio covenant. There can be no assurance that the negotiations will be successful
and that Fifth Third will grant SMC a waiver or renegotiate the covenant. 

The SMC debt is secured by
a perfected security interest in all SMC assets including a first-priority security interest in SMC accounts receivable and inventory. 

Secured Debt Financing 

On November 7, 2022, the
Company and certain of its subsidiaries borrowed 
million of principal amount of term loans (the Loans from certain institutional investors (the
 Financing ). The Loans mature in 18 months from issuance, which may be extended to 24 months, accrue interest at the rate of 
per annum and are secured by certain assets of the Company and various subsidiaries. Starting in January 2023, the lenders have the
right to require the Company to make monthly payments of 0.6 million, which will increase to 1.1 million in November 2023. The
Loans were issued with an original issue discount of 1.89 million. 

The lenders received warrants
to purchase approximately 4.5 million shares of the Company s common stock, exercisable for four years at 0.45 per share and warrants
to purchase another approximately 4.5 million shares of the Company s common stock, exercisable for four years at 0.75 per share,
subject to adjustment. 

On November 7, 2022, Ault
Aviation used proceeds from the Loans to purchase a private aircraft for a total purchase price of 15.8 million. In addition, the Company
and certain of its subsidiaries entered into various agreements as collateral for the repayment of the Loans, including (i) a security
interest in certain Bitcoin mining equipment, (ii) a pledge of the membership interests of Third Avenue Apartments, LLC, a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company Third Apartments ), (iii) a pledge of the membership interests of Alliance Cloud Services, LLC,
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Alliance Cloud ), (iv) a pledge of the membership interests of Ault Aviation, LLC,
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Ault Aviation ), (v) a pledge in a segregated deposit account of million of
cash, (vi) a mortgage and security agreement by Third Avenue on the real estate property owned by Third Avenue in St. Petersburg, Florida,
(vii) a future advance mortgage by Alliance Cloud on the real estate property owned by Alliance Cloud in Dowagiac, Michigan, and (viii)
an aircraft mortgage and security agreement by Ault Aviation on the private aircraft purchased by Ault Aviation on November 7, 2022. The
Loans are further secured by a guaranty provided by Ault Lending and Milton C. Ault, the Executive Chairman of the Company. 

3 Secured Promissory Notes 

On November 18, 2022, the
Company, through its BNI subsidiary, entered into a note purchase agreement providing for the issuance of secured promissory notes with
an aggregate principal face amount of and an interest rate of . The purchase price (proceeds to the Company) for the secured
promissory notes was million. The secured promissory notes have a security interest in certain marketable securities to be acquired
by BNI (the Collateral ). 

16 Secured Promissory Notes 

On December 16, 2022 the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with an accredited investor (the Initial Investor providing for the issuance of a secured promissory note with an aggregate principal face amount of million (the Financing ).
On December 29, 2022, the Company and the Initial Investor entered into an amended and restated amendment to the SPA (the Amendment ),
pursuant to which the total amount of the Financing was increased to 17.5 million and the Company sold an additional Note to a second
accredited investor (the Subsequent Investor and together with the Initial Investor, the Investors ). 

Under the SPA, the Company
shall repay, while the Note remains outstanding, (i) eighty percent (80 of the proceeds it may receive from any financing conducted,
other than at-the-market offerings and (ii) one hundred percent (100 of the proceeds it may receive from the sale of marketable securities
by Ault Lending. In addition, if Third Avenue Apartments, LLC sells the property it owns in St. Peterburg, Florida, the Company shall
use the net proceeds from the sale of such property in excess of 10 million to repay the Note. 

In addition, the Company agreed
to issue 11,605,913 shares of the Company s common stock (the Registrable Shares to the Investor in exchange for
the cancellation of all outstanding warrants previously issued to the Investor, which warrants were exercisable for 11,605,913 shares
of the Company s common stock. The Company agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-3 to register the Registrable Shares
and certain other shares owned by the Investor within ten (10) days of the Closing Date. The Company agreed to pay the Investor liquidated
damages of approximately 0.1 million per month that the Registrable Shares have not been registered. 

 Pursuant
to the SPA, the Company, Ault Lending, BNI and Esousa Group Holdings, LLC, as the collateral agent on behalf of the Investors entered
into a security agreement (the Security Agreement ), pursuant to which (i) BNI granted to the Investor a security interest
in 12,000 Bitcoin miners and (ii) Ault Lending granted to the Investor a security interest in, among other items, substantially all of
the Ault Lending s deposit accounts, securities accounts, chattel paper, documents, equipment, general intangibles, instruments
and inventory, and all proceeds therefrom (the Assets ), as set forth in the Security Agreement, except for assets previously
granted security interests to other parties. 

The Notes are further secured
by a guaranty (the Guaranty provided by Ault Lending, BNI, Ault Company, an affiliate of the Company, as well as
by Milton C. Ault, the Company s Executive Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer of Ault Company. 

The Notes have a principal
face amount of million and bear interest at per annum. 

May 10, 2024 

AVLP convertible promissory notes 
 (AVLP stock) 
 
 August 22, 2025 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value of embedded options and derivatives 

- 
 
 Less: Unamortized debt discounts 

Total convertible notes payable, net of financing cost, long term 

Less: current portion 

- 
 
 Convertible notes payable, net of financing costs long-term portion 

Subject to price adjustments
upon certain contingent events 

Significant
inputs associated with the embedded option include an exercise price of , a remaining term of years, a volatility factor of 
and a risk free interest rate of . 

convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 
 million to Ault Company (the Ault Company Convertible Note ).
The Ault Company Convertible Note was convertible into Common Stock at a conversion price of 
 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Ault Company Convertible
Note was converted into 
 million shares in full satisfaction thereof. Related party interest expense for the
year ended December 31, 2021 was . 

million for 2023, subject to certain termination provisions. The contract
terminates on December 31, 2023. 

Contingencies 

Litigation Matters 

The Company is involved in
litigation arising from other matters in the ordinary course of business. The Company is regularly subject to claims, suits, regulatory
and government investigations, and other proceedings involving labor and employment, commercial disputes, and other matters. Such claims,
suits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings could result in fines, civil penalties, or other adverse consequences. 

Certain of these outstanding
matters include speculative, substantial or indeterminate monetary amounts. The Company records a liability when it believes that it is
probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If the Company determines that a loss is reasonably
possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, the Company discloses the reasonably possible loss. The Company evaluates developments
in its legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably
possible losses disclosed, and makes adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine both likelihood of there
being and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters. 

With respect to the Company s
other outstanding matters, based on the Company s current knowledge, the Company believes that the amount or range of reasonably
possible loss will not, either individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, consolidated
financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. However, the outcome of such matters is inherently unpredictable and subject
to significant uncertainties. 

As of December 31, 2022 the
Company has accrued million as a loss contingency related to litigation matters. 

Blockchain Mining Supply and Services, Ltd. 

On November 28, 2018, Blockchain
Mining Supply and Services, Ltd. Blockchain Mining a vendor who sold computers to one of the Company s subsidiaries,
filed a Complaint (the Complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the
Company and the Company s subsidiary, Digital Farms, Inc. 

 (f/k/a Super Crypto Mining,
Inc.), in an action captioned Blockchain Mining Supply and Services, Ltd. v. Super Crypto Mining, Inc. and DPW Holdings, Inc. ,
Case No. 18-cv-11099. 

The Complaint asserts claims
for breach of contract and promissory estoppel against the Company and its subsidiary arising from the subsidiary s alleged failure
to honor its obligations under the purchase agreement. The Complaint seeks monetary damages in excess of 1.4 million, plus attorneys 
fees and costs. 

Based on the Company s
assessment of the facts underlying the claims, the uncertainty of litigation, and the preliminary stage of the case, the Company cannot
reasonably estimate the potential loss or range of loss that may result from this action. Notwithstanding, the Company has established
a 1.3 million reserve, the amount of the unpaid portion of the purchase agreement, which is included in accounts payable and accrued
expenses. An unfavorable outcome may have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

Ding Gu (a/k/a Frank Gu) and Xiaodan Wang Litigation 

On January 17, 2020, Ding
Gu (a/k/a Frank Gu) Gu and Xiaodan Wang Wang and with Gu collectively, Plaintiffs ),
filed a Complaint (the Complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York against the Company
and the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Milton C. Ault, III, in an action captioned Ding Gu (a/k/a Frank Gu) and Xiaodan Wang
v. DPW Holdings, Inc. and Milton C. Ault III (a/k/a Milton Todd Ault III a/k/a Todd Ault) , Index No. 650438/2020. 

The Complaint asserts causes
of action for declaratory judgment, specific performance, breach of contract, conversion, attorneys fees, permanent injunction,
enforcement of Guaranty, unjust enrichment, money had and received, and fraud arising from: (i) a series of transactions entered into
between Gu and the Company, as well as Gu and Ault, in or about May 2019; and (ii) a term sheet entered into between Plaintiffs and the
Company, in or about July 2019. The Complaint seeks, among other things, monetary damages in excess of 
 million, plus a decree of specific performance directing the Company to deliver unrestricted shares of common stock to Gu, plus
attorneys fees and costs. 

On or about November 28, 2022,
the Company and Plaintiffs entered into a stipulation of settlement, which was further amended by the Company and Plaintiffs, by amendments
dated, January 12, 2023, February 2, 2023, and February 23, 2023. 

On or about December 12, 2022,
Plaintiffs and Mr. Ault entered into a stipulation of discontinuance, pursuant to which, among other things, Plaintiffs dismissed all
claims asserted against Mr. Ault in the action, with prejudice. 

SEC Subpoena 

The Company and certain affiliates
and related parties have received several subpoenas from the SEC for the production of documents and testimony. The Company is fully cooperating
with this non-public, fact-finding inquiry and management believes that the Company has operated its business in compliance with all applicable
laws. The subpoenas expressly provide that the inquiry is not to be construed as an indication by the SEC or its staff that any violations
of the federal securities laws have occurred, nor should they be considered a reflection upon any person, entity or security. However,
there can be no assurance as to the outcome of this matter. The Company recorded a 1.0 million loss contingency related to this matter. 

million shares of Preferred Stock 0.001 par value. As of December 31, 2022, the Board has designated
 million shares as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ), shares as Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock ), shares as Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred
Stock (the Series C Preferred Stock and shares as 13.00 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock
(the Series D Preferred Stock ). As of December 31, 2022, the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions on the remaining
authorized 21.5 million shares of Preferred Stock have not been determined. The Board is authorized to designate a new series of preferred
shares and determine the number of shares, as well as the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon
any series of preferred shares. 

Common Stock 

Common stock confers upon
the holders the rights to receive notice to participate and vote at any meeting of stockholders of the Company, to receive dividends,
if and when declared, and to participate in a distribution of surplus of assets upon liquidation of the Company. 

2021 Issuances 

2021 ATM Offering 

On January 22, 2021, the Company
entered into an At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the 2021 Sales Agreement with Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC Ascendiant
Capital to sell shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million from time to time, through an at
the market offering program (the 2021 ATM Offering ). On February 16, 2021, the Company filed an amendment to the
prospectus supplement with the SEC to increase the amount of common stock that may be offered and sold in the 2021 ATM Offering, as amended
under the Sales Agreement to million in the aggregate, inclusive of the up to 50 million in shares of common stock previously sold
in the 2021 ATM Offering. On March 5, 2021, the Company filed a second amendment to the prospectus supplement with the SEC to further
increase the amount of common stock that may be offered and sold in the 2021 ATM Offering, as amended under the Sales Agreement to 200
million in the aggregate, inclusive of the up to million in shares of common stock previously sold in the 2021 ATM Offering. The
offer and sale of shares of common stock from the 2021 ATM Offering was made pursuant to the Company s effective shelf 
registration statement on Form S-3 and an accompanying base prospectus contained therein (Registration Statement No. 333-251995) which
became effective on January 20, 2021. Through December 31, 2021, the Company had received gross proceeds of million through the sale
of million shares of common stock from the 2021 ATM Offering. The 2021 ATM Offering was terminated in December 2021. 

Issuance of Common Stock for Conversion
of Debt 

During January 2021, the Company
issued to Esousa Holdings, LLC an aggregate of 183,214 shares of the Company s common stock upon the exchange of principal
and interest in the amount of million and , respectively. A loss on extinguishment of 0.2 million was recognized
on the issuance of common stock based on the fair value of the Company s common stock at the date of the exchanges. 

Issuance of Common Stock for Convertible Promissory
Note, Related Party 

On
May 12, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to Ault Company upon the conversion of million of
principal on an 8 convertible promissory note dated February 5, 2020. 

Issuance of Common Stock Upon Exercise of Warrants 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued million shares of common stock upon the exercise of warrants. 

Issuance of Common Stock for Restricted Stock
Awards 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued million shares of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock awards. 

Securities Purchase
Agreement, Related Party 

On
June 11, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Ault Company. Under the terms of the agreement, Ault
 Company agreed to purchase an aggregate of million shares of the Company s common stock for a total purchase
price of million, at a purchase price per share of , which was 0.05 per share above the closing stock price on June 10,
2021. 

2022 Issuances 

2022 ATM Offering Common Stock 

On February 25, 2022, the
Company entered into an At-The-Market issuance sales agreement with Ascendiant Capital to sell shares of common stock having an aggregate
offering price of up to million from time to time, through an at the market offering program (the 2022 Common
ATM Offering ). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had sold an aggregate of million shares of common stock pursuant to the
2022 Common ATM Offering for gross proceeds of million. 

Public Offering of Series D Preferred Stock 

The Company has designated
 million shares of preferred stock, par value per share, of the Company as the Series D Preferred Stock. 

On June 3, 2022, the Company
announced the closing of its public offering of shares of its Series D Preferred Stock at a price to the public of per
share. Gross proceeds from the offering were approximately million, before deducting offering expenses. Net proceeds to the Company,
after payment of commissions, non-accountable fees and offering expenses were million. 

2022 ATM Offering Preferred Stock 

On June 14, 2022, the Company
entered into an At-The-Market equity offering program with Ascendiant Capital under which it may sell, from time to time, shares of its
Series D Preferred Stock for aggregate gross proceeds of up to million (the 2022 Preferred ATM Offering ). As of December
31, 2022, the Company had sold an aggregate of shares of Series D Preferred Stock pursuant to the 2022 Preferred ATM Offering for
gross proceeds of 0.5 million. 

Foreign 

Total 

Deferred income taxes reflect
the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets are as follows: 

Unrealized losses 

Obsolete inventory 

Stock compensation 

Other carryforwards 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Lease liability 

Impairment 

Accrued expenses 

Interest Expense 
 
 - 
 
 Other 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax asset 

Deferred tax liability: 

Right-of-use assets 

Fixed assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Bargain Gain/Loss 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred income tax liabilities 

Net deferred income tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset (liability), net 
 
 - 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and state net operating loss carry forwards NOLs for income tax purposes
of approximately 
million related to the year after December 31, 2017 that does not have an expiration under current tax law and 
million that expire between 2029 and 2042 after application of limitation set forth in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code 382 ). In accordance with 382, future
utilization of the Company s NOLs is subject to an annual limitation as a result of ownership changes that occurred
previously. The Company also maintains NOLs in various foreign jurisdictions. 

At December 31, 2022, Ault
Disruptive Technologies Corp, an entity not consolidated for income tax purposes, utilized its remaining NOLs. The Company has not completed
a formal 382 study and completion of such an analysis in future periods may yield income tax provision impacts in subsequent financial
statements. 

In assessing the realization
of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not some portion or all deferred tax assets will not be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which
temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred
tax assets, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all positive
and negative evidence, including the Company s generation of NOLs in current and prior periods, there is substantial doubt regarding
the Company s ability to utilize its deferred tax assets, therefore, the Company recorded a valuation allowance substantially against
its deferred tax assets with the exception of Ault Disruptive Technologies Corp deferred tax assets which are more likely than not to
be realized. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the valuation allowance increased by million. 

The net income tax provision (benefit)
consisted of the following: 

U.S. State 

Foreign 

Total current provision 

Deferred 

U.S. Federal 
 
 - 
 
 U.S. State 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred provision (benefit) 
 
 - 
 
 Total provision (benefit) for income taxes 

The Company s
effective tax rates were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the effective tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to the change in valuation
allowance. The reconciliation of income tax attributable to operations computed at U.S. Federal statutory income tax rates of 
to income tax expense is as follows: 

State taxes net of federal benefit 

Foreign rate differential 

PPP forgiveness 

Effect of change in valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Permanent differences 
 - 
 - 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 - 
 - 
 
 IRC Section 162(m) compensation limitation 
 - 
 - 
 
 Excess tax benefit - windfall/(shortfall) 
 - 

Other 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 
 - 

The Company accounts for uncertain
tax positions in accordance with ASC 740-10-25. ASC 740-10-25 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected
to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under ASC 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit
from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing
authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit to be recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit
that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these
matters is different than the amount recorded, such differences impact income tax expense in the period in which such determination is
made. Interest and penalties, if any, related to accrued liabilities for potential tax assessments are included in income tax expense.
ASC 740-10-25 also requires management to evaluate tax positions taken by the Company and recognize a liability if the Company has taken
uncertain tax positions that more likely than not would not be sustained upon examination by applicable taxing authorities. Management
of the Company has evaluated tax positions taken by the Company and has concluded that as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are no
uncertain tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, that would require recognition of a liability that would require disclosure in
the financial statements. 

 In general, the Company s
statute of limitations remains open for various taxable years, in various U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign jurisdictions. However,
if and when the Company claims net operating loss carryforwards against future taxable income, those losses may be examined by taxing
authorities. The Company will perform an analysis to determine the effect, if any, of these loss limitations rules on the NOL carryforward
balances. Earnings in all foreign jurisdictions are permanently reinvested. 

Restricted stock grants 
 - 

Warrants 

Convertible notes 

Conversion of preferred stock 

Total 

- 
 - 
 - 

- 

Revenue, cryptocurrency mining 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Revenue, commercial real estate leases 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Revenue, lending and trading activities 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Revenue, crane operations 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Revenue, hotel operations 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total revenues 

- 

- 

Depreciation and amortization
 expense 

- 

Income (loss) from operations 

Capital expenditures for the year ended December
 31, 2022 

- 

Identifiable assets as of December 31, 2022 

Segment information for the
year ended December 31, 2021: 

GIGA 
 TurnOn Green 
 Fintech 
 BNI 
 AGREE 
 Ault
 Disruptive 
 Holding
 Company 
 Total 
 
 Revenue 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Revenue, cryptocurrency mining, net 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Revenue, commercial real estate leases 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Revenue, lending and trading activities 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Revenue, hotel 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Total revenues 

- 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

- 

- 

Income (loss) from operations 

Capital expenditures for the
 year ended December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

Identifiable assets as of December 31, 2021 

of
consolidated accounts receivable. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, one customer represented and one customer represented of consolidated revenues. 

2021 Concentrations
of Credit and Revenue Risk 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, one customer attributable to Enertec represented of consolidated revenues. 

million shares of common stock pursuant to the 2022 Common
ATM Offering for gross proceeds of million. On March 13, 2023, the Company announced that effective March 17, 2023, the 2022 Common
ATM Offering would be terminated and that the Company would not make any further sales thereunder, effective immediately. 

2022 Preferred
ATM Offering 

 During
the period between January 1, 2023 through April 15, 2023, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of Series D Preferred Stock
pursuant to the 2022 Preferred ATM Offering for gross proceeds of million. 

Investments in Alpha Fund 

During the period between
January 1, 2023 through April 15, 2023, the Company purchased an additional million of limited partnership interests in the Alpha
Fund. As of April 15, 2023, the Company had subscribed for and funded million of limited partnership interests in the Alpha Fund. 

Investments by Alpha Fund 

On December 29, 2022, Alpha
Fund purchased million shares of the Company s common stock in open market transactions at an average purchase price of 
 per share, which stock purchase settled in January 2023. 

Share Exchange Agreement with BMI 

The Company entered into
a Share Exchange Agreement (the Agreement with BMI and sold to BMI all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Company s subsidiary, BitNile.com, Inc. BitNile.com as well as the securities of Earnity, Inc. Earnity beneficially owned by BitNile.com as of the date of the Agreement (the Transaction ). As consideration for the acquisition,
BMI issued shares of preferred stock convertible into common stock of BMI representing approximately 92.4 of BMI s outstanding
common stock. Pending approval of the transaction by BMI s shareholders, the preferred stock combined are subject to a 19.9 beneficial
ownership limitation. 

The holders of preferred
stock will be entitled to receive dividends at a rate of 5 of the stated value of the preferred stock. 

The Company is entitled to
appoint three members to the board of directors of BMI, and following shareholder approval, a majority of the Board. 

March 28, 2023 Security Purchase Agreement 

On
March 28, 2023, the Company, entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain institutional
investors (the Investors ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a private placement (the Offering ),
an aggregate of shares of its preferred stock, with each such share having a stated value of and consisting of (i) 
shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series E Preferred Stock ), (ii) shares of Series F Convertible
Preferred Stock (the Series F Preferred Stock and (iii) shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series
G Preferred Stock and collectively, the Preferred Shares ). The Preferred Shares will be convertible into shares of
the Company s common stock at the option of the holders and, in certain circumstances, by the Company. 

Each
share of Series E Preferred Stock and Series F Preferred Stock had a purchase price of 100.00, equal to each such share s stated
value. The purchase price of the Series E Preferred Stock and the Series F Preferred Stock was paid for by the Investors canceling
outstanding secured promissory notes in the principal amount of 8.4 million, whereas the purchase price of the shares of Series G Preferred
Stock consisted of accrued but unpaid interest on these notes, as well as other good and valuable consideration. Each Preferred Share
is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the closing sale price of the common
stock on the trading day prior to the date of conversion, subject to a floor price of 0.10. 

12 Term Note 

On April 5, 2023, the Company issued a term note
with a principal amount of million, bearing an interest rate of . The term note was issued at a discount, with net proceeds to
the Company amounting to 1.0 million. The note is scheduled to mature on . The Company has the option to extend the maturity
date by one month, upon payment of a extension fee. Ault Company, a related party, guaranteed the term note. 

Amendment to 16 Secured Promissory Note 

On April 6, 2023, the 

F-58 

<EX-4.41>
 2
 ex4_41.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.41

Exhibit 4.41 

 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 

The
following is a summary of all material characteristics of our capital stock as set forth in our articles of incorporation and bylaws.
The summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws,
and to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended. 

We are authorized to issue
500,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 25,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.001 per share. As of April
10, 2023, there were 415,746,694 shares of our Class A common stock issued and outstanding and no shares of Class B common stock issued
or outstanding. The outstanding shares of our common stock are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. In this prospectus, all references
solely to common stock refer to the Class A common stock, except where otherwise indicated. 

We are authorized to issue
up to 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. Of these shares of preferred stock, 1,000,000 shares are
designated as Series A convertible preferred stock, 500,000 shares are designated as Series B convertible preferred stock, 2,000,000 shares
are designated as 13.00 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, 83,000 shares are designated as Series E Convertible
Preferred Stock, 1,000 shares are designated as Series F Convertible Preferred Stock, and 16,000 shares are designated as Series G Convertible
Preferred Stock. As of April 10, 2023, there were 7,040 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock outstanding, 125,000 shares of
Series B convertible preferred stock outstanding, 274,687 shares of 13.00 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock outstanding,
83,000 shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding, 1,000 shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding and
16,000 shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Common Stock 

Holders of our shares of Class
A Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a shareholder vote. Holders of our shares Class B common
stock are entitled to ten votes for each share on all matters submitted to a shareholder vote. Holders of our common stock do not have
cumulative voting rights. Therefore, holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock voting for the election of directors can
elect all of the directors. Holders of our common stock representing a majority of the voting power of our capital stock issued, outstanding
and entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of shareholders. A vote by
the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such as liquidation,
merger or an amendment to our certificate of incorporation. 

Holders of our common stock
are entitled to share in all dividends that our Board of Directors, in its discretion, declares from legally available funds. In the event
of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate pro rata in all assets that remain
after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference over our common stock. Our common
stock has no preemptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions applicable to our common stock. 

Preferred Stock 

We are authorized to issue
up to 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. Of these shares of preferred stock, 1,000,000 are designated as
Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock; 500,000 are designated as Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock; 2,500 shares
are designated as Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2020, there were 7,040 shares of Series A Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding; 125,000 shares of Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding and no shares of
Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. 

The shares of preferred stock
may be issued in series, and shall have such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations, preferences and
relative participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated
and expressed in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of such stock adopted from time to time by the board of directors.
The board of directors is expressly vested with the authority to determine and fix in the resolution or resolutions providing for the
issuances of preferred stock the voting powers, designations, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof, of each such series to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware. 

The authorized shares
of preferred stock will be available for issuance without further action by our stockholders unless such action is required by applicable
law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded. The NYSE American
currently requires stockholder approval as a prerequisite to listing shares in several circumstances, including, in certain circumstances,
where the issuance of shares could result in an increase in the number of shares of common stock outstanding, or in the amount of voting
securities outstanding, of at least 20 . 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The Transfer Agent and Registrar
for our common stock is Computershare, 8742 Lucent Blvd., Suite 225, Highlands Ranch, CO 80129. 

</EX-4.41>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Public Subsidiaries 

1. The Singing Machine Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

a. Singing Machine (HK) Limited, a Hong Kong company 

b. SMC (Comercial Offshore De Macau) Limitada, a Macau offshore company 

c. SMC Logistics, Inc., a California corporation 

d. SMC Music, Inc., a Florida corporation 

2. Imperalis Holding Corp., a Nevada corporation 

a. Digital Power Corporation, a Delaware corporation 

b. TOG Technologies, a Nevada corporation 

3. Giga-tronics Incorporated, a California corporation 

a. Gresham Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Gresham Worldwide, Inc.), a Delaware corporation 

b. Microsource, Inc., a California corporation 

c. Microphase Corporation, a Delaware corporation 

d. Gresham Power Electronics Ltd. (f/k/a/ Digital Power Limited), a company organized under the laws of England and Wales 

e. Enertec Systems 2001 Ltd., an Israeli corporation 

f. Relec Electronics Ltd., a company organized under the laws of England and Wales 

4. BitNile Metaverse, Inc., a Nevada corporation 

a. Bitnile.com, Inc., a Nevada corporation 

b. Ault Iconic, Inc., a Nevada corporation 

c. Agora Digital Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation 

d. Zest Labs, Inc., a Nevada corporation 

e. Wolf Energy Services, Inc., a Florida corporation 

f. White River Energy Corp., a Nevada corporation 

5. Ault Disruptive Technologies Corp., a Delaware corporation 

Private Subsidiaries 

1. Ault Lending, LLC, a California limited liability company 

2. Ault Alpha LP, a Delaware limited partnership 

3. BitNile, Inc., a Nevada corporation 

4. Ault Disruptive Technologies Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

5. Tabard Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation 

6. 456 Lux Hotel NYC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

7. Alliance Cloud Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

8. Ault Global Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Nevada corporation 

9. Ault Global Real Estate Equities, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

10. Third Avenue Apartments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

11. Agree Madison, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

12. 7675 Walton, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

13. 1801 Deming, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

14. 2226 Deming, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

15. 8400 Market, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

16. Ault Aviation, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company 

17. Ault Energy, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company 

18. Circle 8 Crane GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

19. Circle 8 Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

20. Circle 8 Newco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

21. Eco Pack Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation 

22. Unique EV, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

23. BNI Montana, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

Inactive Subsidiaries 

The following entities are inactive subsidiaries of the Company: 

A. FlexiSphere Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation 

B. Digital Farms, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

C. I. AM Inc., a Nevada corporation 

D. It sLikeFashion.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

E. Spyglass Hill Capital Lending Corp., a Delaware corporation 

F. Watership Corp., a Nevada corporation 

G. Flashpoint Digital Media, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statement of Ault Alliance, Inc. (f/k/a BitNile Holdings, Inc.) on Form S-8, (File No. 333-233681 and File No. 333-259087)
and Form S-3 (File No. 333-250980, File No. 333-260618 and File No 333-262350) of our report (1) dated April 17, 2023, which
includes an explanatory paragraph stating that the financial statements of a wholly owned subsidiary was audited by other auditors, whose
report has been furnished to us and includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, with
respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Ault Alliance, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ault Alliance, Inc. for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

 New York, NY 

April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 ex23_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.2

Exhibit 23.2 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

Ault Alliance, Inc. 

 11411 Southern Highlands Parkway, Suite 240 

 Las Vegas, NV 89141 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements of Ault Alliance, Inc. on Forms S-8 (No. 333-233681, No. 333-259087) and Forms S-3 (No. 333-250980, No. 333-260618 and No.
333-262350) of our report dated April 17, 2023, relating to the financial statements of ENERTEC SYSTEMS 2001 LTD which are not included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ault Alliance, Inc. 

/S/ Ziv Haft. 

Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 

BDO Member Firm 

Tel-Aviv, Israel 

 April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to 240.13a- 14 or 240.
15d- 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

I, William B. Horne, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Ault Alliance, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ William B. Horne 

Name: William B. Horne 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to 240.13a- 14 or 240.
15d- 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

I, Kenneth S. Cragun, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Ault Alliance, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Kenneth S. Cragun 

Name: Kenneth S. Cragun 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with the Annual
Report of Ault Alliance, Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, William B. Horne, Principal Executive Officer, and
I, Kenneth S. Cragun, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Registrant. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: /s/ William B. Horne 

Name: William B. Horne 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: /s/ Kenneth S. Cragun 

Name: Kenneth S. Cragun 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ault-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ault-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ault-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ault-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

