<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230426_10-K_edgar_data_1520358_0001493152-23-013663.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23997726</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>192211</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>17931418</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2201345</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1589506</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1878231</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-013663.hdr.sgml : 20230426
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230426161600
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-013663
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230426
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230426

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MamaMancini's Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001520358
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAUSAGE, OTHER PREPARED MEAT PRODUCTS  [2013]
		IRS NUMBER:				270607116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40597
		FILM NUMBER:		23849938

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-531-1212

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MASCOT PROPERTIES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110510

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-013663.txt : 20230426

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 
 (Commission 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 File Number) 
 
 Identification Number) 

, 

 (Address
of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Emerging Growth Company 

Smaller reporting company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on July 29, 2022, based on
a closing price of 1.46 was approximately . 

As
of April 26, 2023, the registrant had shares of its common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: . 

Table
of Contents 

PART I 
 3 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 3 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS . 
 9 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 11 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 11 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 11 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 11 

PART II 
 11 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 11 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED]. 
 12 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 12 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 17 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 17 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 17 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 17 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 18 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURSDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 18 

PART III 
 19 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 19 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 27 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 30 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 32 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 33 

PART IV 
 34 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES . 
 34 
 
 SIGNATURES . 
 35 

2 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Included
in this Form 10-K are forward-looking statements , as well as historical information. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking
statements will prove to be correct. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements
as a result of certain factors, including matters described in the section titled Risk Factors. Forward-looking statements
include those that use forward-looking terminology, such as the words anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 expect, intend, may, project, plan, will, shall, 
 should, and similar expressions, including when used in the negative. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties and we cannot assure
you that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise these
forward-looking statements, whether to reflect events or circumstances after the date initially filed or published, to reflect the occurrence
of unanticipated events or otherwise. 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Our
History 

MamaMancini s
Holdings, Inc. (formerly Mascot Properties, Inc.) (the Company or MamaMancini s was incorporated in
the State of Nevada on July 22, 2009. Mascot Properties, Inc. s Mascot activities since its inception consisted
of trying to locate real estate properties to manage, primarily related to student housing, and services which included general property
management, maintenance and activities coordination for residents. Mascot did not have any significant development of such business and
did not derive any revenue. Due to the lack of results in its attempt to implement its original business plan, management determined
it was in the best interests of the shareholders to look for other potential business opportunities. 

On
February 22, 2010, MamaMancini s LLC was formed as a limited liability company under the laws of the state of New Jersey in order
to commercialize our initial products. On March 5, 2012, the members of MamaMancini s LLC, holders of 4,700 units (the Units of MamaMancini s LLC, exchanged the Units for 15,000,000 shares of common stock and those certain options to purchase an additional
223,404 shares of MamaMancini s Inc. (the Exchange ). Upon consummation of the Exchange, MamaMancini s LLC ceased
to exist and all further business has been and continues to be conducted by MamaMancini s Inc. 

On
January 24, 2013, Mascot, Mascot Properties Acquisition Corp, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger
Sub ), MamaMancini s Inc., a privately-held Delaware Corporation headquartered in New Jersey Mama s and David Dreslin, an individual (the Majority Shareholder ), entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger (the
 Agreement pursuant to which the Merger Sub was merged with and into Mama s, with Mama s surviving as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). The transaction (the Closing took place on January 24, 2013 (the
 Closing Date ). Mascot acquired, through a reverse triangular merger, all of the outstanding capital stock of Mama s
in exchange for issuing Mama s shareholders (the Mama s Shareholders ), pro-rata, a total of 20,054,000 shares
of the Company s common stock. As a result of the Merger, the Mama s Shareholders became the majority shareholders of Mascot.
Immediately following the Closing of the Agreement, Mascot changed its business plan to that of Mama s. On March 8, 2013, Mascot
received notice from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA that its application to change its name and symbol
had been approved and effective Monday, March 11, 2013, Mascot began trading under its new name, MamaMancini s Holdings,
Inc. and under its new symbol, MMMB . 

On
November 1, 2017, MamaMancini s, Joseph Epstein Food Enterprises, Inc., a New Jersey corporation JEFE ), and MMMB
Acquisition, Inc., a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of MamaMancini s Merger Sub ), completed a merger
transaction whereby JEFE merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly owned subsidiary
of MamaMancini s. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement and in connection with the merger, the Company acquired all assets of
JEFE. The consideration for the transaction was (a) the extinguishment of the Inter-Company Loan between the parties, (b) the assumption
by the Company of all JEFE accounts payable and accrued expenses (c) assumption by the Company of certain third-party loans to JEFE totaling
approximately 782,000 and (d) indemnification of Carl Wolf with respect to his collateralization of a bank loan to JEFE in the amount
of approximately 250,000. As a result of the transaction, (i) the Company became the sole shareholder of JEFE, which became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. No cash or stock was exchanged in connection with the transaction. 

3 

On
December 23, 2021, the Company announced the signing of definitive agreements for two acquisitions T L Creative Salads, Inc. T L or T L Creative Salads and Olive Branch, LLC OB or Olive Branch ),
which are related gourmet food manufacturers based in New York. The closing of these transactions occurred and was completed on December
29, 2021. The Company acquired T L and OB for a combined purchase price of 14.0 million, including 11.0 million in cash at closing
and 3.0 million in a promissory note (the Note ). The promissory note requires annual principal payments of 750,000 payable
on each anniversary of the closing, together with accrued interest at a rate of three and one-half (3.5 per annum. The Note holder
is T L Acquisition Corp, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and it is guaranteed by the Company. The Note holder has a right
of set-off against the balance due for any matters which are the subject of an indemnification under the transaction agreements. The
cash payment was funded through cash on hand and a 7.5 million acquisition loan from M T Bank (see below). Anthony Morello, Jr.
remained as President of T L. 

On
December 29, 2021, the Company entered into a Multiple Disbursement Term Loan (the Loan with M T Bank for the original
principal amount of 7,500,000 payable in monthly installments over a 60-month period. The maturity date of the Loan is January 17, 2027.
Interest is payable on the principal amount of the Loan at a variable rate per annum based on the Company s Senior Funded Debt/EBITDA
Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement between the Company and M T Bank) established with respect to the Borrower as of the date
of any advance under the Loan as follows: if the Senior Funded Debt/EBITDA ratio is: (i) greater than 2.00 but less than or equal to
2.50, 4.12 percentage point(s) above one-day (i.e., overnight) Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR (as defined); (ii)
greater than 1.50 but less than or equal to 2.00, 3.62 percentage points above one-day SOFR; or (iii) 1.50 or less, 3.12 percentage points
above one-day SOFR. In all events set forth at subsections (i) through (iii) in the preceding sentence, if SOFR shall at any time be
less than 0.25 , one-day SOFR shall be deemed to be 0.25 and the foregoing margins shall be applied to the SOFR Index Floor. 

All
of the proceeds of the Loan were utilized to fund the acquisition of T L and OB. 

On
June 28, 2022, the Company acquired a 24 minority interest in Chef Inspirational Foods, LLC CIF ), a leading developer,
innovator, marketer and sales company selling prepared foods, for an investment of 1.2 million. The investment consists of 500,000
in cash and 700,000 in the Company s common stock. The Company also was granted the option to purchase the remaining seventy-six
percent (76 interest in CIF within one year of June 28, 2022. The option purchase price is an additional 3.8 million, of which 3.5
million would be paid in cash and 300,000 in common stock, which would be paid within a two-year period from the date of the option
exercise. 

Our
Company 

MamaMancini s
roots go back to our founder Dan Dougherty, whose grandmother Anna Mama Mancini emigrated from Bari, Italy to Bay Ridge,
Brooklyn in 1921. Our products were developed using her old-world Italian recipes that were handed down to her grandson, Dan Dougherty.
Today we market a line of all-natural specialty prepared refrigerated foods for sale in retailers around the country. Our primary products
include beef and turkey meatballs, meat loaf, chicken, sausage-related products and pasta entrees. 

Our
products are all natural, contain a minimum number of ingredients and are generally derived from the original recipes of Anna Mama 
Mancini. Our products appeal to health-conscious consumers who seek to avoid artificial flavors, synthetic colors and preservatives that
are used in many conventional packaged foods. 

The
United States Department of Agriculture (the USDA defines all natural as a product that contains no artificial
ingredients, coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed. MamaMancini s products were submitted to
the USDA and approved as all natural. The Food and Safety and Inspection Service FSIS Food Standards and Labeling Policy
Book (2003) requires meat and poultry labels to include a brief statement directly beneath or beside the natural label
claim that explains what is meant by the term natural i.e., that the product is a natural food because it contains no artificial
ingredients and is only minimally processed . The term natural may be used on a meat label or poultry label if the
product does not contain any artificial flavor or flavoring, coloring ingredient, chemical preservative, or any other artificial or synthetic
ingredient. Additionally, the term all natural can be used if the FSIS approves your product and label claims. The Company s
product and label claims have been approved by the FSIS to contain the all-natural label. 

4 

Our
products are principally sold to supermarkets, club chains, and mass-market retailers. We currently have more than 50 product offerings
across our beef, chicken, salad and olive portfolios which are packaged in different sized retail and bulk packages. Our products are
principally sold in the deli section of the supermarket, including hot bars, salad bars, prepared foods (meals), sandwich, as well as
cold deli and foods-to-go sections. Our products are also sold in the fresh meat section. We sell directly to both food retailers and
food distributors. 

Finally,
we also sell our products on QVC through live on-air offerings, auto ship programs and for everyday purchases on their web site. QVC
is the world s largest direct to consumer marketer. 

On
December 29, 2021 MamaMancini s made two acquisitions which expand the company s core product lines, and access to specific
markets. T L Creative Salads and Olive Branch, are related premier gourmet food manufacturers based in New York. T L offers
a full line of protein, salad and sandwich products for retail food chains and club stores, delis, bagel stores, caterers and provision
distributors. T L uses high-quality meats, seafood and vegetables, prepared to meet the standards set forth by the USDA and the FDA. 

T L
sales are spearheaded by a line of chicken products, including grilled and breaded chicken breasts as well as chicken strips. T L s
SQF level 2 state-of-the-art USDA facility in Farmingdale, New York has positioned it to expand its operations nationally into MamaMancini s
network of retailers and club stores. T L actively sells its salads and prepared products to over 250 delis, bagel shops, smaller
retail accounts and food distributors in the New York metropolitan area, representing over 35 of T L s current sales volume. 

Olive
Branch started operations six years ago as a separate company to concentrate on selling olives, olive mixes, and savory products to a
limited number of large retail customers, primarily in pre-packaged containers. Olive Branch products are manufactured at the same facility
as T L in Farmingdale, NY. 

On
June 28, 2022, the Company acquired a 24 minority interest in CIF, a leading developer, innovator, marketer and sales company selling
prepared foods. 

Industry
Overview 

Our
products are considered specialty prepared foods, in that they taste great, are authentic and are made with high quality ingredients.
The market for specialty and prepared foods spans several sections of the supermarket, including deli-prepared foods, and the specialty
meat segment of the meat department. 

Our
Strengths 

We
believe that the following strengths differentiate our products and our brands: 

Authentic
 recipes and great taste. Our MamaMancini s products are founded upon Anna Mama Mancini s old-world
 Italian recipes. We believe the authenticity of our products has enabled us to build and maintain loyalty and trust among our current
 customers and will help us attract new customers. Additionally, we continuously receive positive customer testimonials regarding
 the great taste and quality of our products. 

Healthy and convenient.
 Our products are made only from high quality natural ingredients, including domestic inspected beef, whole tomatoes, genuine
 imported Pecorino Romano, real eggs, natural breadcrumbs, olive oil and other herbs and spices. Our products are also simple to prepare.
 Virtually every product we offer is ready-to-serve within 12 minutes, thereby providing quick and easy meal solutions for our customers.
 By including the sauce and utilizing a tray with our packaging, our products can be prepared quickly and easily. 

5 

Great value. We
 strive to provide our customers with a great tasting products using all-natural ingredients at an affordable price. Typical retail
 prices range from 5.99 to 9.99 for bulk products sold in delis or hot bars. We believe the sizes of our product offerings represent
 a great value for the price. 

New products and innovation .
 Since our inception, we have continued to introduce new and innovative products. While we pride ourselves on our traditional beef
 and turkey meatballs and meat loaf, we have continuously made efforts to grow and diversify our line of products while maintaining
 our high standards for all natural, healthy ingredients and great taste. Examples of new product offerings released in fiscal 2022
 include Meal For One ready to eat home meals and our Meatballs in a Cup snack. Our new lines of chicken cutlets, breaded chicken
 products, gourmet pasta salads and savory olive products will be a natural extension to our national customers and club stores. 

Key Market Concentration.
 Through the acquisition of T L Creative Salads, MamaMancini s is deeply established in the New York-New Jersey-Connecticut
 tristate metro market with strong new distribution to deli s, independent end retailers, bagel shops and provision distributors.
 MamaMancini s products will fit well into the needs of this market and gives us the opportunity to extend the brand. In addition,
 our legacy MamaMancini s national distribution footprint allows our T L and Olive Branch products to gain broader national
 distribution. 

Customers/Management 

Strong consumer
 loyalty. Many of our consumers are loyal and enthusiastic brand advocates. Our consumers trust us to deliver great-tasting products
 made with all-natural ingredients. Consumers have actively communicated with us through our website and/or social media channels.
 We believe that this consumer interaction has generated interest in our products and has inspired enthusiasm for our brand. We also
 believe that enthusiasm for our products has led and will continue to lead to repeat purchases and new consumers trying our products. 

Experienced leadership.
 We have a proven and experienced senior management team. In September of 2022, Adam L. Michaels was named Chief Executive Officer
 CEO of MamaMancini s and was subsequently named Chairman of the Board effective February 1, 2023. Adam is an
 experienced food industry executive and former management consultant with broad experience transforming consumer-focused companies.
 Previously, Adam served with Mondelez International, a multinational food and beverage company with operations in over 150 countries.
 In addition, Anthony Gruber was named Chief Financial Officer CFO in September of 2022. Anthony Gruber is a financial
 executive with significant experience leading and optimizing finance organizations in the consumer products arena. Previously, Anthony
 served as Chief Financial Officer of De Longhi America, Inc., the North American subsidiary of the Italian appliance manufacturer
 DeLonghi S.P.A. known for its espresso machines. Anthony also served as Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer of
 Richemont North America, Inc., the North American subsidiary of the Swiss-based luxury goods company, where he managed all finance
 activities for North America and was integral in integrating brands into its shared service platform. 

Our
Growth Strategy 

We
are actively executing a strategy to build our brand s reputation, grow sales and improve our product and operating margins by
pursuing the following growth initiatives: 

Build Breadth
 Depth of Distribution: MamaMancini s, T L Creative Salads Olive Branch are still underpenetrated in existing
 sales channels, under-SKU d in existing stores and have the potential to enter new channels. We will leverage our strong brand,
 superior quality and high-touch service to list more of our items in existing customers as well as enter new customers. In addition,
 we will be leveraging our existing customer relationships to cross-sell our newly acquired brands, thereby driving larger consumer
 baskets, expanding promotional opportunities, and driving down freight charges, as we are shipping more Mama s items to the
 same locations. 

Launch Consumer-Driven
 Innovation: As we become even more consumer-focused, we seek to understand consumers unmet Deli needs. We will passionately
 understand our consumers and develop incremental sales opportunities. We will seek to develop products that capture incremental occasions,
 incremental consumer groups and incremental sales channels. For example, our new Meatballs in a Cup offering (1) provides for a new
 for us snacking occasion incremental to our current meal offerings, (2) provides an attraction to a younger on-the-go consumer
 audience, and (3) provides for an incremental sales channel with entry into the Convenience Store channel. 

6 

Pursue Accretive,
 Complementary Acquisitions: We will regularly identify and integrate major acquisitions in new deli categories, capitalizing
 on the highly fragmented nature of the fresh prepared foods space. Ideal acquisition opportunities might bring incremental/ accretive
 manufacturing capabilities, incremental capabilities within a new deli sub-category, strengthen our distribution capabilities, and/or
 enhance our management capabilities. Before any additional acquisitions are contemplated, a full integration plan and synergy modeling
 will be performed and presented to the Board for feedback and approval. 

Become the One Stop
 Shop Deli Solution: The Company has the potential to achieve 1B in sales through a combination of accretive acquisitions of
 complementary companies and organic growth, spurred by cross-selling and new product innovation. As the Company builds national scale,
 expands breadth of deli offerings and maintains exceptional quality and service, the Company will realize our vision. 

Pricing 

Our
pricing strategy focuses on being competitively priced with other premium brands. Since our products are positioned in the authentic
premium prepared food category, we maintain prices competitive with those of similar products and prices slightly higher than those in
the commodity prepared foods section. This pricing strategy also provides greater long-term flexibility as we grow our product line through
the growth curve of our products. Current typical retail prices range from 5.99 to 9.99, for prepared food products sold to delis or
hot bars. Increases in raw material costs, among other factors, may lead us to consider price increases in the future. 

Suppliers/Manufacturers 

As
of January 31, 2023, approximately 90 of our products are internally produced in our East Rutherford, NJ or Farmingdale, NY Facilities.
None of our raw materials or ingredients are directly grown or produced by us. From time-to-time we negotiate with other manufacturers
to supplement the Company s manufacturing capability. We currently purchase modest quantities from other manufacturers. All of
the raw materials and ingredients in our products are readily available and are readily ascertainable by our suppliers. We have not experienced
any material shortages of ingredients or other products necessary to our operations and do not anticipate such shortages in the foreseeable
future. 

Sales/Brokers 

Our
products are sold primarily through a commission broker network. We sell to large retail chains who direct our products to their own
warehouses or to large food distributors. 

The
Company increased its sales management efforts with the result that the Company is now actively soliciting business with almost every
major retail supermarket chain in the country. MamaMancini s products are currently sold nationwide, with its greatest concentration
in the Northeast and Southeast. 

Marketing 

The
majority of our marketing activity has been generated through promotional discounts, consumer trials, consumer product tastings and demonstrations,
in-store merchandising and signage, couponing, word of mouth, consumer public relations, social media, special merchandising events with
retailers and consumer advertising. 

Based
on the Company s metrics for determining brand awareness, which includes market studies and analysis of consumer recognition of
the MamaMancini s brand, the Company believes that brand awareness for MamaMancini s has grown in the past 12 months. 

7 

Competition 

The
gourmet and specialty pre-packaged food industry has many large competitors specializing in various types of cuisine from all over the
world. Our product lines are currently concentrated on Italian specialty foods. While it is our contention that our competition is much
more limited than the pre-packaged food industry based on our products niche market, there can be no assurances that we do not
compete with the entire pre-packaged food industry. We believe our principal competitors include Quaker Maid, Hormel, Rosina Company,
Inc., Casa Di Bertacchi, Inc., Farm Rich, Inc., Mama Lucia, Buona Vita, Inc., Taylor Farms, Kings Command, DeLallo Foods, and Gourmet
Boutique. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
current intellectual property consists of trade secret recipes and cooking processes for our products and four trademarks for MamaMancini s ,
 The Meatball Lovers Meatball , The Original Meatball in a Cup , and Mac N Mamas . The recipes
and use of the trademarks have been assigned in perpetuity to the Company. 

We
rely on a combination of trademark, copyright and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We will also use
technical measures to protect our proprietary rights. 

Royalty
Agreement 

In
accordance with a Development and License Agreement (the Development and License Agreement entered into on January 1,
2009 with Dan Dougherty relating to the use of his grandmother s recipes for the products to be created by Mama s, Mr. Dougherty
granted us a 50-year exclusive license (subject to certain minimum payments being made), with a 25-year extension option, to use and
commercialize the licensed items. Under the terms of the Development and License Agreement, Mr. Dougherty shall develop a line of beef
meatballs with sauce, turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial manufacture, distribution and sale
(each a Licensor Product and collectively the Licensor Products ). Mr. Dougherty shall work with us to develop
Licensor Products that are acceptable to us. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product by us, Mr. Dougherty s trade secret recipes,
formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of such Licensor Products shall be subject to the Development and
License Agreement. In connection with the Development and License Agreement, we pay Mr. Dougherty a royalty fee on net sales. 

USDA
approval/Regulations 

Our
food products, which are manufactured both in our own manufacturing facilities and in third-party facilities, are subject to various
federal, state and local regulations and inspections regarding sanitation, quality, packaging and labeling. In order to distribute and
sell our products outside the State of New Jersey, the third-party food processing facilities must meet the standards promulgated by
the U.S. Department of Agriculture (the USDA ). Our manufacturing processing facilities and products are subject to periodic
inspection by federal, state, and local authorities. In January 2011, the Food and Drug Administration s FDA Food
Safety Modernization Act was signed into law. The law increased the number of inspections at food facilities in the U.S. in an effort
to enhance the detection of food borne illness outbreaks and order recalls of tainted food products. The facilities in which our products
are manufactured are inspected regularly and comply with all the requirements of the FDA and USDA. 

We
are subject to the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory program
governs, among other things, the manufacturing, composition and ingredients, packaging, and safety of food. Under this program, the FDA
regulates manufacturing practices for foods through, among other things, its current good manufacturing practices regulations,
or GMP s, and specifies the recipes for certain foods. Specifically, the USDA defines all natural as a product that
contains no artificial ingredients, coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed. Mama s products
were submitted to the USDA and approved as all natural . However, should the USDA change their definition of all
natural at some point in the future, or should Mama s change its existing recipes to include ingredients that do not meet
the USDA s definition of all natural , our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

8 

The
FTC and other authorities regulate how we market and advertise our products, and we are currently in compliance with all regulations
related thereto, although we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal and state
laws and regulations. Changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase the costs of
doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions, causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. 

Quality
Assurance 

We
take precautions designed to ensure the quality and safety of our products. In addition to routine third-party inspections of our manufacturing
facilities, we have instituted regular audits to address topics such as allergen control, ingredient, packaging and product specifications
and sanitation. Under the FDA Food Modernization Act, both our own manufacturing facilities and each of our contract manufacturers are
required to have a hazard analysis critical control points plan that identifies critical pathways for contaminants and mandates control
measures that must be used to prevent, eliminate or reduce relevant food-borne hazards. 

Our
manufacturing facilities are certified in the Safe Quality Food Program. These standards are integrated food safety and quality management
protocols designed specifically for the food sector and offer a comprehensive methodology to manage food safety and quality simultaneously.
Certification provides an independent and external validation that a product, process or service complies with applicable regulations
and standards. 

We
work with suppliers who assure the quality and safety of their ingredients. These assurances are supported by our purchasing contracts
or quality assurance specification packets, including affidavits, certificates of analysis and analytical testing, where required. The
quality assurance staff within our manufacturing facilities and within our contract manufacturers conduct periodic on-site routine audits
of critical ingredient suppliers. 

Where
You Can Find More Information 

The
public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC at
the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of
the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0030. The SEC maintains an Internet website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains
reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. Notwithstanding, in addition to risk factors highlighted
in previous reports, the Company adds the following additional risk factor: 

The
loss of our largest customers would significantly reduce our revenue and adversely affect our results of operations. 

During
the year ended January 31, 2023 two customers represented approximately 37 or our gross revenues and during the year ended January 31,
2022 three customers represented approximately 58 of our gross revenue. The loss of our largest customers would significantly reduce
our revenue, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We can provide no assurance that these customers
will continue to place orders in the future. 

We
depend on the services of key personnel, and may not be able to operate and grow our business effectively if we lose their services or
are unable to attract qualified personnel in the future. 

We
rely heavily on our senior management team, due to their broad experience with consumer focused companies, to identify internal expansion
and external growth companies. Our ability to retain senior management and other key personnel is therefore very important to our future
success. We have employment agreements with our senior management, but these employment agreements do not ensure that they will not voluntarily
terminate their employment with us. In addition, our key personnel are subject to non-solicitation and confidential information restrictions.
We do not have key man insurance for any of our current management or other key personnel. The loss of any key personnel would require
the remaining key personnel to divert immediate attention to seeking a replacement. Competition for senior management personnel is intense,
and fit is important to us. Our inability to find a suitable replacement for any departing executive officer or key employee on a timely
basis could adversely affect our ability to operate and grow our business. 

9 

Adverse
developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance
by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and its
financial condition and results of operations. 

Actual
events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional
counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors
about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems.
For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB ), was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection
and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), as receiver. Similarly, on March 12,
2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although a statement by the Department of the Treasury,
the Federal Reserve and the FDIC stated that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their money after only one business day
of closure, including funds held in uninsured deposit accounts, borrowers under credit agreements, letters of credit and certain other
financial instruments with SVB, Signature Bank or any other financial institution that is placed into receivership by the FDIC may be
unable to access undrawn amounts thereunder. If any of our counterparties to any such instruments were to be placed into receivership,
we may be unable to access such funds. In addition, if any parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant
to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties ability to pay their obligations to
us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected. In this regard, counterparties
to SVB credit agreements and arrangements, and third parties such as beneficiaries of letters of credit (among others), may experience
direct impacts from the closure of SVB and uncertainty remains over liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry. Similar
impacts have occurred in the past, such as during the 2008-2010 financial crisis. 

Inflation
and rapid increases in interest rates have led to a decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest
rates below current market interest rates. Although the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have announced a
program to provide up to 25 billion of loans to financial institutions secured by certain of such government securities held by financial
institutions to mitigate the risk of potential losses on the sale of such instruments, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or
other liquidity needs of financial institutions for immediate liquidity may exceed the capacity of such program. There is no guarantee
that the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board will provide access to uninsured funds in the future in the event
of the closure of other banks or financial institutions, or that they would do so in a timely fashion. 

Although
we assess our banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements
in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by
factors that affect us, the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy
in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations
under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services
industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry.
These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or business
relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. 

The
results of events or concerns that involve one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our
current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. These could include, but may not be
limited to, the following: 

Delayed
access to deposits or other financial assets or the uninsured loss of deposits or other financial assets; 

Loss
of access to revolving existing credit facilities or other working capital sources and/or the inability to refund, roll over or extend
the maturity of, or enter into new credit facilities or other working capital resources; 

Potential
or actual breach of contractual obligations that require us to maintain letters or credit or other credit support arrangements; or 

10 

In
addition, any further deterioration in the macroeconomic economy or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by parties
with whom we conduct business, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations
and results of operations and financial condition. For example, a party with whom we conduct business may fail to make payments when
due, default under their agreements with us, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. Any bankruptcy or insolvency, or the failure to
make payments when due, of any counterparty of ours, or the loss of any significant relationships, could result in material losses to
us and may material adverse impacts on our business. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
principal executive office is located at 25 Branca Road East Rutherford, NJ 07073. We currently lease 24,213 square feet of space located
in East Rutherford, NJ from Joseph Branca Partnership, Ltd for a current rental of 17,655 per month. The lease term runs through March
31, 2024 with renewal options through March 31, 2029. In addition, we lease an additional 6,072 square feet of space at 355 Murray Hill
Parkway from CLN Associates, LLC for a current rental of 9,032 per month. We currently lease 20,188 square feet in a fully contained
facility at 148 Allen Boulevard, Farmingdale, NY from 148 Allen Blvd LLC for production and distribution of T L Creative Salads and
Olive Branch products. This property is owned by Anthony Morello, Jr., President of T L as well as individuals related to Mr. Morello.
This lease term is through November 30, 2031 with the option to extend the lease for two additional ten-year terms with current rent
of 20,200 per month. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

We
are not currently involved in any material litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any
court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of
our Company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our Company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of
our Company s or our Company s subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse
decision could have a material adverse effect. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a)
Market Information 

Our
shares of common stock are currently quoted on the NASDAQ under the symbol MMMB The following table sets forth (i) the
intra-day high and low sales price per share for our common stock, as reported on the OTCQB for the period from February 2021 to July
2022 and NASDAQ for the period from July 2022 to January 2023. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down
or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. 

Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2022 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 3.15 
 1.82 
 
 Second Quarter 
 3.35 
 2.20 
 
 Third Quarter 
 2.80 
 2.21 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 2.75 
 1.73 

Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 2.03 
 1.00 
 
 Second Quarter 
 1.58 
 1.03 
 
 Third Quarter 
 1.74 
 1.13 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 2.06 
 1.52 

The
market price of our common stock, is highly volatile and is subject to fluctuations in response to variations in operating results, announcements
of new products, or other events or factors. Our stock price may also be affected by broader market trends unrelated to our performance. 

(b)
Holders 

As
of April 26, 2023, there were approximately 69 record holders of our common stock and there were 36,317,857 shares of our common stock
issued and outstanding. This figure does not take into account those shareholders whose certificates are held in the name of broker-dealers
or other nominees. Please see SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT for information related to the holdings
of certain beneficial owners and management of the Company. 

(c)
Dividends 

Series
A Preferred Stock . The holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred were entitled to receive dividends at a rate of eight percent
(8 per annum payable quarterly in cash or Company Common Stock at the option of the holder. All outstanding shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock converted to Company Common Stock on February 13, 2020 and no shares of Series A Preferred Stock are currently issued
and outstanding. 

Series
B Preferred Stock . The holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors out of funds legally available for such purpose, an accruing cumulative dividend, in preference to any dividend on the Common
Stock, at an annual rate of eight percent (8 of the Original Purchase Price, payable monthly. As of January 31, 2023 there are 54,600
shares of Series B Preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Common
Stock. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon our earnings,
if any, our capital requirements and financial position, general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. We have not paid
any cash dividends to the holders of our Common Stock and it is not our present intention to pay any cash dividends on our Common Stock
in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. 

11 

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table provides information concerning equity compensation arrangements as of January 31, 2023: 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 1,058,647 
 0.98 
 3,811,928 

(1)
Consists of the MamaMancini s Holdings 2021 Incentive Stock and Award Plan. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Below
is a list of securities sold by us from February 1, 2022 through January 31, 2023 which were not registered under the Securities Act. 

Name of Purchaser 
 Issue Date 
 Security 
 Shares 
 Consideration 
 
 Lawrence Morgenstein 
 4/26/2022 
 Common 
 15,675 
 Compensation 
 
 Siegel Suffolk Family LLC 
 6/29/2022 
 Common 
 250,986 
 Acquisition 
 
 R I Loeb Family LLC 
 6/29/2022 
 Common 
 250,986 
 Acquisition 

The
securities issued in the abovementioned transactions were issued in connection with private placements exempt from the registration requirements
of Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to the terms of Section 4(2) of that Act and Rule 506 of Regulation
D. 

Repurchases
of Securities 

During
the quarter ended January 31, 2023, the Company did not repurchase any Company securities. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

THE
FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF OUR PLAN OF OPERATION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
RELATED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT. THIS DISCUSSION CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS THAT
RELATE TO FUTURE EVENTS OR OUR FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. THESE STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES AND OTHER
FACTORS THAT MAY CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS, LEVELS OF ACTIVITY, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT FROM ANY FUTURE
RESULTS, LEVELS OF ACTIVITY, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THESE RISKS AND OTHER
FACTORS INCLUDE, AMONG OTHERS, THOSE LISTED UNDER FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTORS AND THOSE INCLUDED
ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT. 

12 

Results
of Operations for the Years Ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 

The
following table sets forth the summary of the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022: 

For the Years Ended 

January 31, 2023 
 January 31, 2022 

Sales - Net of Slotting Fees and Discounts 
 93,187,621 
 47,083,740 
 
 Gross Profit 
 19,418,262 
 11,853,873 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 (16,596,608 
 (11,771,106 
 
 Other Expenses 
 (653,362 
 (38,221 
 
 Income Tax Benefit (Provision) 
 (9,104 
 (296,472 
 
 Income from equity method investment in Chef Inspirational 
 143,486 
 - 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 2,302,674 
 (251,926 

For
the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company reported net income (loss) of 2,302,674 and (251,926), respectively. The change
in net income (loss) between the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 reflects strong sales and same-customer product additions, normalization
of costs for commodities, other materials, freight as well as improvements in manufacturing efficiencies. 

Sales:
 Sales, net of slotting fees and discounts increased by approximately 98 to 93,187,621 during the year ended January 31, 2023, from
 47,083,740 during the year ended January 31, 2022. Sales for the year ended January 31, 2023 include a full year of operations of T L
Creative Salads and Olive Branch. For the year ended January 31, 2022 T L Creative Salads and Olive Branch included the period beginning
December 29, 2021 to January 31, 2022. 

Gross
Profit: The gross profit margin was 21 and 25 for the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company continues
to identify procurement efficiencies and cost savings through stronger buying power created through the acquisitions of T L Creative
Salads and Olive Branch. 

Operating
Expenses: Operating expenses increased by 41 during the year ended January 31, 2023, as compared to the year ended January 31, 2022.
Operating expenses decreased as a percentage of sales to 18 in 2023 compared to 25 in 2022. The 4,825,502 increase in total operating
expenses is primarily attributable to the following: 

Payroll and
 Related Expenses rose by approximately 2,400,000 related to the executive hires, incremental costs associated with the acquisition
 of T L Creative Salads management and office salaries; 

Commission Expenses rose
 by approximately 650,000 due to increased sales; 

Freight related expenses
 rose by approximately 650,000 due to the increase in sales 

Insurance
 expenses rose by approximately 375,000 related to the additional costs associated with the acquisition of T L Creative Salads; and 

Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts rose by 233,000 due to our anticipation of increasing macroeconomic risk. 

Other
Income (Expenses): Other expenses increased by 615,141 to 653,362 for the year ended January 31, 2023 as compared to 38,221 for
the year ended January 31, 2022. For the year ended January 31, 2023, other income (expenses) consisted of 633,889 in interest expense
on the Company s financing arrangements and 22,121 in amortization of debt discount. For the year ended January 31, 2022, other
expenses consisted of 73,487 in interest expense incurred on the Company s financing arrangements offset by other income of 37,704. 

13 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
following table summarizes total current assets, liabilities and working capital at January 31, 2023 compared to January 31, 2022: 

January
31, 2023 
 January
 31, 2022 
 Change 
 
 Current Assets 
 15,674,701 
 11,638,317 
 4,036,384 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 11,879,091 
 8,985,128 
 2,893,963 
 
 Working Capital 
 3,795,610 
 2,653,189 
 1,142,421 

As
of January 31, 2023, we had working capital of 3,795,610 as compared to working capital of 2,653,189 as of January 31, 2022, an increase
of 1,142,421. The increase in working capital is primarily attributable to an increase in cash of 3,527,785, an increase of inventories
of 745,088 based on robust sales increases, and an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 174,460 partially offset
by better cash management which resulted in a decrease in accounts receivable of 562,671 and an increase in accounts payable and accrued
liabilities of 2,192,359. 

Net
cash provided by operating activities for the year ended January 31, 2023 was 5,509,162 compared to net cash provided by operating activities
for the year ended January 31, 2022 of 909,841. The net income (loss) for the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 was 2,302,674 and
 (251,926), respectively. During the year ended January 31, 2023, net income was affected by non-cash adjustments of 1,715,397 and
by changes in operating activities which provided cash of 1,490,965. During the year ended January 31, 2022, net income was affected
by adjustments to net income of 1,345,727 offset by changes in operating activities which used cash of 183,960. 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the years ended January 31, 2023 was 1,093,214 as compared to 11,270,957 for the year ended January
31, 2022, respectively. For the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company used cash of 593,214 to purchase new machinery and equipment.
In addition, the Company paid cash of 500,000 for the acquisition of a 24 minority interest in Chef Inspirational Foods, LLC. For the
year ended January 31, 2022, the cash used in investing activities of 862,415 was to purchase new machinery and equipment and 10,408,542
for the acquisition of T L and Olive Branch. 

Net
cash used in financing activities for the year ended January 31, 2023 was 888,037 as compared to 8,021,154 provided by financing activities
for the year January 31, 2022. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company received net proceeds of 125,000 from borrowings
pursuant to the line of credit which were offset by payments of the term loan, related party loan, and finance lease payments of 1,293,095,
 750,000, and 235,208, respectively. In addition, during the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company received proceeds of 26,250 for
the exercise of options and 1,365,000 from the sale of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. During the year ended January 31, 2023,
the Company paid offering costs of 64,600 and dividends on the Series B Preferred stock of 34,070. During the year ended January 31,
2022, the Company received proceeds of 19,080 from the exercise of options, 7,500,000 from borrowings from a term loan, and 765,00
from borrowings from a line of credit. These cash in-flows were offset by payments of 199,176 paid for finance lease payments and 63,750
paid in financing fees. 

Although
the expected revenue growth and control of expenses lead management to believe that it is probable that the Company s cash resources
will be sufficient to meet its cash requirements through April 26, 2024, based on current and projected levels of operations, the Company
may require additional funding to finance growth and achieve its strategic objectives. If such financing is required, there can be no
assurance that financing will be available in amounts or terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. In the event funding is not available
on reasonable terms, the Company might be required to change its growth strategy and/or seek funding on an alternative basis, but there
is no guarantee it will be able to do so. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
May 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued accounting standards update ASU 2021-04, Earnings
Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic
718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Issuer s Accounting for Certain
Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options , to clarify and reduce diversity in an issuer s
accounting for modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options (for example, warrants) that remain
equity classified after modification or exchange. The amendments in this ASU are effective for public and nonpublic entities for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim periods with fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021. Early adoption is permitted,
including adoption in an interim period. The Company adopted the new standard on February 1, 2022 and the adoption of the new standard
did not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

14 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity
 ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies an issuer s accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of
accounting models that require separate accounting for embedded conversion features. ASU 2020-06 also simplifies the settlement assessment
that entities are required to perform to determine whether a contract qualifies for equity classification and makes targeted improvements
to the disclosures for convertible instruments and earnings-per-share (EPS) guidance. This update will be effective for the Company s
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier
than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Entities can elect to adopt the new
guidance through either a modified retrospective method of transition or a fully retrospective method of transition. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of the new standard on its financial statements and intends to adopt the standard as of
February 1, 2024. 

In
January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment ASU 2017-04 ). ASU 2017-04 simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairments by eliminating the requirement to compare
the implied fair value of goodwill with its carrying amount as part of step two of the goodwill impairment test referenced in Accounting
Standards Codification ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other ASC 350 ). As a result, an entity should
perform its annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An
impairment charge should be recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value. However,
the impairment loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. ASU 2017-04 is effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022, including any interim impairment tests within those annual periods, with
early application permitted for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. In February
2022, we elected to early adopt ASU 2017-04, and the adoption had no impact on our consolidated financial statements. We will perform
future goodwill impairment tests according to ASU 2017-04. 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, when adopted, will have a material effect
on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
consolidated financial statements and related public financial information are based on the application of accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States US GAAP ). US GAAP requires the use of estimates; assumptions, judgments and subjective interpretations
of accounting principles that have an impact on the assets, liabilities, revenues and expense amounts reported. These estimates can also
affect supplemental information contained in our external disclosures including information regarding contingencies, risk and financial
condition. We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to US GAAP and are consistently applied. We base
our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual
results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates
made during the preparation of our financial statements. 

Our
significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 3 of our consolidated financial statements. While all these significant accounting
policies impact our financial condition and results of operations, we view certain of these policies as critical. Policies determined
to be critical are those policies that have the most significant impact on our financial statements and require management to use a greater
degree of judgment and estimates. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Our management believes that given current facts and
circumstances, it is unlikely that applying any other reasonable judgments or estimate methodologies would cause effect on our consolidated
results of operations, financial position or liquidity for the periods presented in this report. 

15 

We
believe the following critical accounting policies and procedures, among others, affect our more significant judgments and estimates
used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions impact, among
others, the following: allowance for doubtful accounts, and the fair value of share-based payments. 

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of
a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements, which management considered
in formulating its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results
could differ significantly from our estimates. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill
is not amortized in accordance with US GAAP. Instead, goodwill is reviewed annually for impairment. 

Our
annual assessment date is January 31. An interim impairment test would be required whenever events or circumstances make it more likely
than not that an impairment may have occurred. The goodwill impairment test compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying
amount. We would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value;
however, the loss recognized would not exceed the total amount of goodwill. Additionally, we consider income tax effects from any tax-deductible
goodwill on the carrying amount of the reporting unit when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable. 

We
have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment
test. However, we may elect to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test even if no indications of a potential impairment exist. 

Our
goodwill was 8,633,334 at January 31, 2023. 

For
our annual goodwill impairment tests as of January 31, 2023, we performed a qualitative assessment which indicated that it was more likely
than not that the fair values of our reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values and, therefore, did not result in an impairment.
In addition, we do not believe we are currently at risk of goodwill impairment. Our qualitative assessments considered several factors
including (i) the business enterprise value and the excess of the fair value over carrying value, (ii) macroeconomic conditions, (iii)
industry and market considerations including industry revenue, EBITDA margins, and multiples based on business enterprise value to revenues
and to EBITDA, and (iv) the recent financial performance and budget, as well as other factors. 

Management
evaluates the remaining useful life of an intangible asset that is not being amortized each reporting period to determine whether events
and circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life. If an intangible asset that is not being amortized is subsequently determined
to have a finite useful life, it is amortized prospectively over its estimated remaining useful life. 

Other
Intangibles 

Amortizable
intangible assets, including tradenames and trademarks, are amortized on a straight-line basis over 3 years. Customer relationships are
amortized on a straight-line basis over 4 to 5 years. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with FASB Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . 

16 

The
Company s sales are generated from the sale of finished products to customers, contain a single performance obligation and revenue
is recognized at a single point in time when ownership, risks and rewards transfer. Typically, this occurs when the goods are received
by the customer. Revenues are recognized in an amount that reflects the net consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange
for the goods. The transaction price is adjusted for estimates of known or expected variable consideration, which includes consumer incentives,
trade promotions, and allowances, such as coupons, discounts, rebates, volume-based incentives, cooperative advertising, and other programs.
The Company reports all amounts billed to a customer in a sale transaction as revenue. Under the revenue guidance, the Company elected
to treat shipping and handling activities as fulfilment activities, and the related costs are recorded as selling expenses in general
and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of equity-based grants, excluding restricted stock. In
estimating fair value, management is required to make certain assumptions and estimates such as the expected life of units, volatility
of the Company s future share price, risk-free rates, future dividend yields and estimated forfeitures at the initial grant date.
Changes in assumptions used to estimate fair value could result in materially different results. 

Item
7A. Qualitative And Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not required
to provide the information under this item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements. 

Our
consolidated financial statements appear at the end of this Annual Report. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

There
are no reportable events under this item for the year ended January 31, 2023. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

(a)
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are the Company s controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that
we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Due to the inherent limitations of control systems, not all misstatements may
be detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can
occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion
of two or more people, or by management override of the control. Controls and procedures can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the above objectives have been met. 

On
April 26, 2023, the Company evaluated, with the participation of its management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective, at the reasonable assurance level, in ensuring that information
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

17 

(b)
MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 
 Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
 receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of management and the board of directors of the Company; and 
 
 Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or because of declines in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023. In making this assessment, they used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013). 

Based on our evaluation under such framework, our
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2023. 

(c)
CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

As
described above, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we completed the remediation of a material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting relating to the lack sufficient accounting staff to appropriately segregate duties and leverage decision makers
to consolidate new entities and complete timely reporting of financial data and the lack of sufficient orientation and experience with
new ERP systems platform which hindered productivity and required additional supervision delaying timely reporting of financial statements.
There were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
That Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

18 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table discloses our directors and executive officers as of April 26, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Adam L. Michaels 
 
 46 
 
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Matthew Brown 
 
 54 
 
 President and Director 

Anthony J. Gruber 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Steven Burns 
 
 62 
 
 Executive Vice President
 and Director 

Alfred D Agostino 
 
 68 
 
 Director 

Thomas Toto 
 
 67 
 
 Director 

Dean Janeway 
 
 79 
 
 Director 

Michael Stengel 
 
 66 
 
 Director 

Meghan Henson 
 
 53 
 
 Director 

Shirley Romig 
 
 45 
 
 Director 

Adam
Michaels was appointed Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of the Company effective September 6, 2022
and was appointed Chairman of the Board effective February 1, 2023. 

Mr.
Michaels is an experienced food industry executive and former management consultant. Prior to MamaMancini s, Adam worked at Mondelez
International, a multinational food and beverage company. Over the past nine years, he held numerous roles with increasing responsibility
at Mondelez across Supply Chain, Commercial Sales Marketing, and Strategy. Adam was most recently responsible for M A and Commercial
activities within North American Ventures a business unit comprised of smaller, high-growth brands. Before joining Mondelez,
Adam was a Principal at Booz Company, a management consulting firm, for seven years, where he specialized in the Food Beverage
sector. 

Adam
holds an MBA in Marketing Management from Columbia Business School and a BSE in Bioengineering from the University of Pennsylvania. 

The
Board determined that Mr. Michaels is qualified to serve as a director given his extensive Food Beverage experience, corporate
strategy background, understanding of consumer insights analytics, and prior work accelerating brands across their growth lifecycles. 

Matthew
Brown has over 30 years of experience in the sales and marketing of products in the food industry. Beginning in February 2010 through
the present, he has served as President of MamaMancini s. From April 2001 until January of 2012, he served as the President of
Hors D oeuvres Unlimited, overseeing the day to day operations of their food manufacturing business. He previously worked as a
marketing associate from September 1993 to December 1998 at Kraft Foods, Inc., where he dealt with numerous aspects of the company s
marketing of their food products. 

Mr.
Brown received his B.A. from the University of Michigan in 1991 and his M.B.A. from the University of Illinois in 1993. 

In
evaluating Mr. Brown s specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our board,
we took into account his numerous years of experience in sales and marketing, and his proven track record of success in such endeavors. 

Anthony
J. Gruber has served since September 2022 as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Gruber served as Chief Financial Officer
from 2019 to 2021 of De Longhi America, Inc., an appliance manufacturer known for its espresso machines, which is the North American
subsidiary of the Italian parent, De Longhi S.p.A. He successfully restructured the Finance function for the 120-employee company
with annual revenues of approximately 400 million. 

From
2018-2019, he served as Chief Financial Officer of LBM Advantage, Inc., a member-owned lumber and building materials buying cooperative
with 500+ members and revenues of approximately 2.2 billion. 

19 

From
2014-2017, he served as Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Richemont North America, Inc., which is the North American
subsidiary of the Swiss-based luxury goods company, with 2017 revenues of approximately 2.0 billion and 2000 employees. Richemont s
Brands include Cartier, Chloe, Dunhill, MontBlanc and Piaget, among others. 

From
2005-2014, he served as the Chief Financial Officer of Montblanc North America, LLC, prior to its integration into Richemont North America
Inc. He previously served as a Senior Accountant with Ernst Young LLP. 

Mr.
Gruber earned a BS, Accounting from the University of Bridgeport, Bridgeport, CT and has been a Certified Public Accountant since 1993. 

Steven
Burns has been Executive Vice President of the Company since February 1, 2020. He has over 30 years of experience in the investment,
management and operations transformation across industries including high quality and healthy food services, real estate, clean and efficient
energy sources and healthcare technology. Mr. Burns has served as a director of Mama Mancini s from February 2010 through the present.
Prior to that, for a period of 24 years he worked at and was senior executive at Accenture where he led the U.S. Health Insurance Industry
Program comprised of approximately 600 professionals. He also has sat on various financial committees and boards of directors throughout
his career. 

Mr.
Burns received his B.S. in Business Management from Boston College in 1982. 

In
evaluating Mr. Burns specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our board,
we took into account his numerous years of experience in serving on board of directors, his knowledge of running and managing companies,
and his proven track record of success in such endeavors. 

Alfred
D Agostino has over 35 years of experience in the management and ownership of food brokerage and food distribution companies.
Mr. D Agostino has served as a director of MamaMancini s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning in March 2001
and still presently, he serves as the President for WorldWide Sales Inc., a perishable food broker that services the New York / New Jersey
Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 1995 until February 2001 as Vice- President of the
perishable business unit at Marketing Specialists, a nationwide food brokerage. Previously, from February 1987 until August 1995 he worked
as a Partner for the perishable division of Food Associates until its merger with Merket Enterprises. 

In
evaluating Mr. D Agostino s specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills in connection with his appointment
to our board, we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries, his knowledge
of running and managing companies, and his proven track record of success in such endeavors. 

Mr.
D Agostino received his B.S. in Business Management from the City College of New York in 1974. 

Dean
Janeway has served as a director of MamaMancini s since 2012. Mr. Janeway is an executive with more than 40 years of broad
leadership skills and extensive experience in the areas of corporate strategy, business development, operational oversight and financial
management. From 1966 through 2011, Mr. Janeway served in various positions at Wakefern Food Corp., the largest retailer- owned cooperative
in the United States. From 1966 through 1990, Mr. Janeway advanced through various positions of increasing responsibility including positions
in Wakefern s accounting, merchandising, dairy-deli, and frozen foods divisions. From 1990 through 1995 Mr. Janeway provided oversight
for all of Wakefern s procurement, marketing, merchandising, advertising and logistics divisions. From 1995 until his retirement
in 2011, Mr. Janeway served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Wakefern providing primary oversight for the company s
financial and treasury functions, human resources, labor relations, new business development, strategic acquisitions, government relations,
corporate social responsibility, sustainability initiatives and member relations. Mr. Janeway previously served as the chairman for the
National Grocers Association from 1993 through 2001. From 2009 through the present, Mr. Janeway has served as the Chairman of the Foundation
for the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey. 

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Janeway s qualifications to serve as a director include his notable business and leadership
experience in all areas of management, particularly in the food industry. He also has experience in the area of wholesale distribution,
due to his past position at Wakefern and his knowledge of running and managing companies and his proven track record of success in such
endeavors will be invaluable to the Company going forward. 

20 

Mr.
Janeway received his B.A. in Marketing from Rutgers University, and his M.B.A from Wharton School of Business, University of Pennsylvania. 

Michael
Stengel is a tenured hospitality industry veteran, bringing over 40 years of executive leadership experience with Marriott International
to the MamaMancini s Board of Directors. At Marriott, he was instrumental to the Company s convention network strategy, overseeing
135 Convention venues including the Gaylord Brand. Michael, as Senior Vice President of Gaylord Hotels and The Convention Resort Network
(CRN) at Marriott, oversaw significant food and beverage operations within his portfolio of managed hotels and being responsible for
well over 1.5 billion in revenue. Mr. Stengel has had direct responsibility for P L operations for numerous enterprises and is completely
familiar with financial management of public companies. 

Mr.
Stengel has received a B.S. Law and Justice from Rowan University, a Cornell University Hospitality Certificate, and an executive MBA
with Marriott sponsor by the University of Maryland. 

The
Board determined that Mr. Stengel s qualifications to serve as a director include his multi-faceted financial responsibility and
experience in the food and hospitality business and his success in building organizations into large-scale, highly profitable operations. 

Thomas
Toto has over 30 years of experience in the management and ownership of food brokerage and food distribution companies. Mr. Toto
has served as a director of MamaMancini s from February 2010 through the Present. From June 2009 to May 2022, he served as the
Senior Business manager for World Wide Sales Inc., a perishable food broker that services the New York / New Jersey Metropolitan and
Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 2007 until May 2009 as a Division President for DCI Cheese Co., a company
that imported and distributed various kinds of cheeses. Previously from March 1993 until September 2007 he was the President and owner
of Advantage International Foods Corporation, where he ran the day-to-day operations of importing and distributing cheeses around the
world. 

Mr.
Toto received his B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1976 and his M.B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1979. 

In
evaluating Mr. Toto s specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our board,
we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries, his knowledge of running
and managing companies, and his proven track record of success in such endeavors. 

Meghan
Henson is an experienced senior human resources executive with experience across several industries. She has served since 2020 as
Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer of Avantor, Radnor, PA. Previously, she served as Chief Human Resources Officer
of XPO Logistics, Greenwich, CT from 2016-2020. She served as Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer, Chubb Insurance,
Warren, NJ from 2013-2016 after serving in various Human Resources leadership roles with PepsiCo from 2004-2013. Prior to PepsiCo, she
served as Senior Manager, Human Capital for Deloitte Consulting from 2001-2004 and Manager, HR and Change Management for Towers Perrin
(now Willis Towers Watson) from 1997-2001. She holds an MBA with emphasis in Organizational Behavior from the University of Michigan
and a Bachelor of Arts, Political Science and East Asian Studies at the University of Wisconsin. During her tenure at the University
of Wisconsin, she was elected Student Body President. 

The
board determined that Ms. Henson s breadth of executive experience and expertise in leading human resources functions for large
companies would provide valuable insight to the board. 

21 

Shirley
Romig has two decades of experience in operationalizing growth strategies and leading transformational initiatives in complex consumer
and technology organizations. Most recently, Ms. Romig was the CEO and Co-Founder of Mixo Group, Inc., a digital creator platform for
the 1.7T food market. Previously, she was Vice President with Lyft, leading Global Operations, East and Canada from 2019 to 2022. From
2017-2019, Ms. Romig led six lines of businesses at Equinox Fitness Clubs as Group Vice President. From 2016-2017, Ms. Romig was the
Head of Retail Strategy for SapientRazorfish, a global digital agency. From 2013 to 2015, Ms. Romig was the Senior Vice President of
Corporate Strategy with HBC responsible for implementation of growth initiatives across Saks Fifth Avenue, Saks OFF 5th, Lord Taylor
and Hudson s Bay in Canada. Ms. Romig also served as a Vice President for Saks Incorporated where she led the company s omnichannel
transformation work and launched Saksoff5th.com as well as numerous growth initiatives for Saks.com. Earlier in her career, Ms. Romig
worked in equity research and digital and strategy consulting. Ms. Romig also serves on the Board of Directors for Lovesac, a publicly
traded home furnishings company as the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Ms. Romig holds an M.B.A. from the Darden School
of Business and a Bachelor of Science from the McIntire School of Commerce, both at the University of Virginia. 

In
nominating Ms. Romig as a director, the board considered her expertise in leading transformational initiatives across a number of industries,
background in growth strategy implementation and public company experience. 

Board
Committees and Charters 

Our
board of directors has established the following committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating/corporate
governance committee. Copies of each committee s charter are posted on our website, www.mamamancinis.com. Our board of directors
may from time to time establish other committees. 

Audit
Committee 

The
purpose of the Audit Committee is to oversee the processes of accounting and financial reporting of the Company and the audits and financial
statements of the Company. The Audit Committee s primary duties and responsibilities are to: 

Monitor the
 integrity of the Company s financial reporting process and systems of internal controls regarding finance, accounting and legal
 compliance. 

Monitor the independence
 and performance of the Company s independent auditors and the Company s accounting personnel. 

Provide an avenue of communication
 among the independent auditors, management, the Company s accounting personnel, and the Board. 

Appoint and provide oversight
 for the independent auditors engaged to perform the audit of the financial statements. 

Discuss the scope of the
 independent auditors examination. 

Review the financial statements
 and the independent auditors report. 

Review areas of potential
 significant financial risk to the Company. 

Monitor compliance
 with legal and regulatory requirements. 

Solicit recommendations
 from the independent auditors regarding internal controls and other matters. 

Make recommendations to
 the Board. 

Resolve any disagreements
 between management and the auditors regarding financial reporting matters. 

Prepare the report required
 by Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K, as required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

Perform other related tasks
 as requested by the Board. 

22 

The
Audit Committee has the authority to conduct any investigation appropriate to fulfilling its responsibilities, and it has direct access
to the independent auditors as well as anyone in the organization. The Committee has the ability to retain, at the Company s expense,
special legal, accounting, or other consultants or experts it deems necessary in the performance of its duties. 

Our
Audit Committee consists of Messrs. Toto, Stengel, and D Agostino. Mr. Toto serves as the Chairperson of our Audit Committee. 

People
and Compensation Committee 

The
People and Compensation Committee s responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the responsibilities which are required under
the corporate governance rules of NASDAQ, including the responsibility to determine compensation of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief
Executive Officer CEO ), the President and all other executive officers. The Compensation Committee s actions shall
generally be related to overall considerations, policies and strategies. 

The
following are specific duties and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee: 

Review the
 competitiveness of the Company s executive compensation programs to ensure (a) the attraction and retention of corporate officers,
 (b) the motivation of corporate officers to achieve the Company s business objectives, and (c) the alignment of the interests
 of key leadership with the long-term interests of the Company s stockholders. 

Review and determine the
 annual salary, bonus, stock options, other equity-based incentives, and other benefits, direct and indirect, of the Company s
 executive officers, including development of an appropriate balance between short-term pay and long-term incentives while focusing
 on long-term stockholder interests. 

Determine salary increases
 and bonus grants for the Chairman of the Board, the CEO, the President and all other executive officers of the Company. 

Review and approve corporate
 goals and objectives for purposes of bonuses and long- term incentive plans. 

Review and approve benefit
 plans, including equity incentive plans, and approval of individual grants and awards. 

Review and approve employment
 or other agreements relating to compensation for the Chairman of the Board, the CEO, the President and the other executive officers
 of the Company. 

Review and discuss with
 management the Company s Compensation Discussion and Analysis CD A and recommend to the Board that the
 CD A be included in the annual report on Form 10-K and/or proxy statement in accordance with applicable SEC rules. 

If required
 by SEC rules, provide a People and Compensation Committee Report on executive compensation to be included in the Company s
 annual proxy statement in accordance with applicable SEC rules. 

Perform an annual evaluation
 of the performance of the Chairman of the Board, the CEO, the President and the other executive officers. 

Perform an annual review
 of non-employee director compensation programs and recommend changes thereto to the Board when appropriate. 

Plan for executive development
 and succession. 

Review and approve all
 equity-based compensation plans and amendments thereto, subject to any stockholder approval under the listing standards of NASDAQ. 

23 

Recommend an appropriate
 method by which stockholder concerns about compensation may be communicated by stockholders to the Committee and, as the Committee
 deems appropriate, to respond to such stockholder concerns. 

Perform such duties and
 responsibilities as may be assigned by the Board to the Committee under the terms of any executive compensation plan, incentive compensation
 plan or equity-based plan. 

Review risks related to
 the Company s compensation policies and practices and review and discuss, at least annually, the relationship between the Company s
 risk management policies and practices, corporate strategy and compensation policies and practices. 

Our
People and Compensation Committee consists of Ms. Henson and Messrs D Agostino, Janeway and Toto. Ms. Henson serves as the Chairperson
of our People and Compensation Committee. 

Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee 

The
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee s responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the responsibilities which are required
under the corporate governance rules of NASDAQ, including the responsibilities to identify individuals who are qualified to become directors
of the Company, consistent with criteria approved by the Board, and make recommendations to the Board of nominees, including Stockholder
Nominees (nominees whether by appointment or election at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders) to serve as a directors of the Company.
To fulfill its purpose, the responsibilities and duties of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee are as follows: 

Evaluate, in
 consultation with the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer CEO ), the current composition, size, role
 and functions of the Board and its committees to oversee successfully the business and affairs of the Company in a manner consistent
 with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, and make recommendations to the Board for approval. 

Determine, in consultation
 with the Chairman of the Board and CEO, director selection criteria consistent with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines
 and conduct searches for prospective directors whose skills and attributes reflect these criteria. 

Assist in identifying,
 interviewing and recruiting candidates for the Board. 

Evaluate, in consultation
 with the Chairman of the Board and CEO, nominees, including nominees nominated by stockholders in accordance with the provisions
 of the Company s Bylaws, and recommend nominees for election to the Board or to fill vacancies on the Board. 

Before recommending
 an incumbent, replacement or additional director, review his or her qualifications, including capability, availability to serve,
 conflicts of interest, and other relevant factors. 

Evaluate, in consultation
 with the Chairman of the Board and CEO and make recommendations to the Board concerning the appointment of directors to Board committees
 and the selection of the Chairman of the Board and the Board committee chairs consistent with the Company s Corporate Governance
 Guidelines. 

Determine the methods and
 execution of the annual evaluations of the Board s and each Board committee s effectiveness and support the annual performance
 evaluation process. 

Evaluate and make recommendations
 to the Board regarding director retirements, director re-nominations and directors changes in circumstances in accordance
 with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. 

Review and make recommendations
 to the Board regarding policies relating to directors compensation, consistent with the Company s Corporate Governance
 Guidelines. 

24 

As set forth herein, monitor
 compliance with, and at least annually evaluate and make recommendations to the Board regarding, the Company s Corporate Governance
 Guidelines and overall corporate governance of the Company. 

Assist the Board and the
 Company s officers in ensuring compliance with an implementation of the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. 

Develop and implement continuing
 education programs for all directors, including orientation and training programs for new directors. 

Annually evaluate and make
 recommendations to the Board regarding the Committee s performance and adequacy of this Charter. 

Review the Code of Ethics
 periodically and propose changes thereto to the Board, if appropriate. 

Review requests from outside
 the Committee for any waiver or amendment of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and recommend to the Board whether
 a particular waiver should be granted or whether a particular amendment should be adopted. 

Oversee Committee membership
 and qualifications and the performance of members of the Board. 

Review and recommend changes
 in (i) the structure and operations of Board Committees, and (ii) Committee reporting to the Board. 

Make recommendations annually
 to the Board as to the independence of directors under the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 

Review and make recommendations
 to the Board regarding the position the Company should take with respect to any proposals submitted by stockholders for approval
 at any annual or special meeting of stockholders. 

Regularly report on Committee
 activities and recommendations to the Board. 

Perform any other activities
 consistent with this Charter, the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, as amended from time to time, the NASDAQ
 company guide, and any governing law, as the Board considers appropriate and delegates to the Committee. 

Our
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee consists of Ms. Henson, Ms. Romig and Messrs. Janeway and Stengel. Mr. Janeway serves as the
Chairperson. 

BOARD
DIVERSITY MATRIX 

On
August 6, 2021, the SEC approved Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(f) regarding board diversity. Under the rule, NASDAQ-listed companies must
include at least one diverse director prior to August 6, 2023 and at least two diverse directors by August 6, 2026. The composition of
our Board does currently include two individuals who are diverse under the Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(f), as presented in the below Board
Diversity Matrix. Under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(f) directors who self-identify as (i) female, (ii) an underrepresented minority or (iii)
LGBTQ+ are defined as being diverse. The following chart summarizes certain self-identified personal characteristics of our directors,
in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(f) Each term used in the table has the meaning given to it in the rule and related instructions. 

25 

Board Diversity Matrix (As of April 26, 2023) 
 
 Total Number of Directors 
 9 

Female 
 Male 
 Non-Binary 
 Did Not Disclose Gender 
 
 Part I: Gender Identity 

Directors 
 2 
 7 

Part II: Demographic Background 

African American or Black 

Alaskan Native or Native American 

Asian 
 1 

Hispanic or Latinx 

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 

White 
 1 
 7 

Two or More Races or Ethnicities 

LGBTQ+ 

Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 

Directors who are Military Veterans 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

Effective
January 21, 2014, the Board of Directors (the Board of MamaMancini s Holdings, Inc. (the Company adopted a Code of Ethics (the Code of Ethics applicable to the Company and all subsidiaries and entities controlled by
the Company and the Company s directors, officers and employees. Compliance with the Code of Ethics is required of all Company
personnel at all times. The Company s senior management is charged with ensuring that the Code of Ethics and the Company s
corporate policies will govern, without exception, all business activities of the Company. The Code of Ethics addresses, among other
things, the use and protection of Company assets and information, avoiding conflicts of interest, corporate opportunities and transactions
with business associates and document retention. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During
the past five years no director, person nominated to become a director, executive officer, promoter or control person of the Company
has: (i) had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer
either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (ii) been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject
to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (iii) been subject to any order, judgment,
or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining,
barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or (iv) been found
by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10 or more of
a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial
ownership with the SEC. Directors, executive officers and greater than 10 stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of
the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a). 

Based
solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, were timely. 

Legal
Proceedings 

There
are no material proceedings to which any director or officer, or any associate of any such director or officer, is a party that is adverse
to our Company or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries. No director or
executive officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy petition or had a bankruptcy
petition filed against it during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been convicted of a criminal offense or is
the subject of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been the subject of any
order, judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement
in any type of business, securities or banking activities during the past ten years. No director or officer has been found by a court
to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years. 

26 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid
by us during the years ended January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year(5) 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Totals ) 
 
 Carl Wolf 

Former CEO/Chairman(1) 
 2023 
 142,167 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 142,167 

2022 
 215,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 215,000 

Adam L. Michaels CEO/Chairman (2) 
 2023 
 135,417 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 135,417 

2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Matt Brown 

President(3) 
 2023 
 213,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 11,800 
 224,800 

2022 
 216,153 
 25,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 241,153 

Steven Burns 

Executive VP (4) 
 2023 
 227,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 227,000 

2022 
 229,000 
 25,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 254,000 

Lawrence Morgenstein 

CFO(5) 
 2023 
 137,666 
 6,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 2,673 
 146,339 

2022 
 125,781 
 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 125,781 

Anthony Gruber 

CFO(6) 
 2023 
 93,750 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 93,750 

2022 
 0 
 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

1. 
 Mr. Wolf was
 appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24, 2013 and resigned effective September 5, 2022. 

2. 
 Mr. Michaels was appointed
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company on September 6, 2022. He was later appointed Chairman of the Board on February 1, 2023 upon
 Mr. Wolf s resignation as Chairman of the Board on the close of business on January 31, 2023. 

3. 
 Mr. Brown was appointed President of the Company on
 January 24, 2013. All other compensation includes 11,800 for automobile allowance 

4. 
 Mr. Burns was appointed Executive Vice President of
 the Company in February 1, 2020. 

5. 
 Mr. Morgenstein was appointed
 Chief Financial Officer on April 1, 2018 and served in that capacity until September 6, 2022, and left the Company s employ
 effective January 31, 2023. 

6. 
 Mr. Gruber was appointed
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective September 19, 2022. 

27 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

STOCK
AWARDS 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name (a) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable (b) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) (d) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date (f) 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (g) 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) (h) 
 Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (i) 
 Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (j) 
 
 Carl Wolf 

Former Chief Executive Officer 

Adam L. Michaels 

CEO/Chairman (2) 

Matthew Brown 

President 

Steven Burns 

Executive Vice President; Director 
 50,000 

0.39 
 4/13/2023 

25,000 

0.80 
 9/3/2023 

50,000 

0.52 
 7/30/2024 

Alfred D Agostino 

Director 
 50,000 

0.39 
 4/13/2023 

25,000 

0.80 
 9/3/2023 

50,000 

0.52 
 7/30/2024 

Thomas Toto 

Director 
 50,000 

0.39 
 4/13/2023 

25,000 

0.80 
 9/3/2023 

50,000 

0.52 
 7/30/2024 

Dean Janeway 

Director 
 50,000 

0.39 
 4/13/2023 

25,000 

0.80 
 9/3/2023 

50,000 

0.52 
 7/30/2024 

Lawrence Morgenstein 

Former Chief Financial Officer 
 7,500 

0.73 
 11/30/2023 

7,500 

0.74 
 3/31/2024 

7,500 

0.70 
 9/30/2024 

7,500 

1.16 
 3/31/2025 

28 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

Our
executive officers who are members of our board of directors and the directors who are not considered independent under the corporate
governance rules of the NASDAQ Markets do not receive compensation from us for their service on our board of directors. Accordingly,
Mr. Burns, Mr. Michaels, and Mr. Brown do not receive compensation from us for their service on our board of directors. Only those directors
who are considered independent directors under the corporate governance rules of the NASDAQ Markets receive compensation from us for
their service on our board of directors. Mr. D Agostino, Mr. Toto, Mr. Stengel, Mr. Janeway, Ms. Henson, and Ms. Romig are paid
 40,000 per annum for their service as members of the board, payable quarterly. 

We
also reimburse all of our directors for reasonable expenses incurred to attend board of director or committee meetings. 

The
following Director Compensation Table sets forth the compensation of our directors for the fiscal years ending January 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Name and Principal Position (a) 
 Year 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) (b) 
 Stock Awards ) (c) 
 Option Awards ) (d) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) (e) 
 All Other Compensation ) (f) 
 Total ) (g) 
 
 Director 
 2023 
 19,456 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 19,456 
 
 Carl Wolf (1) 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Director 
 2023 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Steven Burns (2) 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Director 
 2023 
 38,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 38,000 
 
 Alfred D Agostino (3) 
 2022 
 39,500 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 39,500 

Director 
 2023 
 38,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 38,000 
 
 Thomas Toto (4) 
 2022 
 39,500 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 39,500 

Director 
 2023 
 38,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 38,000 
 
 Dean Janeway (5) 
 2022 
 39,500 
 0 
 
 0 
 0 
 39,500 

Director 
 2023 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Meghan Henson (6) 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Director 
 2023 
 38,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 38,000 
 
 Michael Stengel (7) 
 2022 
 34,500 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 34,500 

1. 
 Mr. Wolf was appointed as a director
 of the Company on January 24, 2013 and resigned effective January 31, 2023. 

2. 
 Mr. Burns was appointed as a director of the Company
 on January 24, 2013. 

3. 
 Mr. D Agostino was appointed as a director of
 the Company on January 24, 2013. 

4. 
 Mr. Toto was appointed as a director of the Company
 on January 24, 2013. 

5. 
 Mr. Janeway was appointed as a director of the Company
 on January 24, 2013. 

6. 
 Ms Henson was appointed as a director of the Company
 on November 21, 2022. 

7. 
 Mr. Stengel was appointed as a director of the Company
 on June 24, 2021. 

8. 
 Ms. Romig was appointed
 as a director of the Company on March 9, 2023. 

29 

Employment
Agreements 

Carl
Wolf 

On
March 5, 2012, MamaMancini s entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Carl Wolf as Chief Executive Officer for a term of 3
years. Mr. Wolf s employment agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms, unless the Company gives written notice
of non-renewal not less than six (6) months prior to an anniversary date or until terminated as set forth herein. Mr. Wolf s employment
agreement was renewed for a period of one year on March 5, 2022. As compensation for his services Mr. Wolf s compensation was increased
to 215,000 per year effective November 1, 2017. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In addition, Mr.
Wolf is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement, Mr. Wolf is subject to confidentiality
provisions regarding MamaMancini s, and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Wolf is also entitled to receive certain Termination
Payments. Mr. Wolf s employment with the Company terminated effective January 31, 2023. Upon Mr. Wolf s termination he was
entitled to receive a termination payment of 240,000, which was paid in February 2023. 

Adam
L. Michaels 

On
September 6, 2022, MamaMancini s entered into an employment agreement with Adam L. Michaels as Chief Executive Officer of MamaMancini s
for an initial term of five (5) years at an initial base salary of 325,000 per year and is eligible for a year-end bonus of up to 650,000
(with a minimum cash bonus of 135,000 for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023). He is also eligible to receive Annual Restricted
Stock Units, Sign-on Restricted Stock Units and Sign-on Stock Performance Stock Units. As part of the agreement, Mr. Michaels is subject
to confidentiality and non-solicitation provisions regarding MamaMancini s, and certain covenants not to compete. 

Matthew
Brown 

On
March 5, 2012, MamaMancini s entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Matthew Brown as President of MamaMancini s for
an initial term of 3 years. Mr. Brown s employment agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms, unless the Company
gives written notice of non-renewal not less than six (6) months prior to an anniversary date or until terminated as set forth herein.
Mr. Brown s employment agreement was renewed for a period of one year on March 5, 2022. As compensation for his services, Mr. Brown
receives a base salary of 216,000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In addition, Mr. Brown
is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement, Mr. Brown is subject to confidentiality
provisions regarding MamaMancini s, and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Brown is also entitled to receive certain Termination
Payments. 

Anthony
Gruber 

On
September 19, 2022, MamaMancini s entered into an employment agreement with Anthony Gruber as Chief Financial Officer of MamaMancini s
for an initial term of five (5) years at an initial base salary of 250,000 per year and is eligible for a year-end bonus of up to 125,000.
He is also eligible to receive Sign-on Stock Performance Stock Units. As part of the agreement, Mr. Gruber is subject to confidentiality
and non-solicitation provisions regarding MamaMancini s, and certain covenants not to compete. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table provides the names and addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock
as of April 26, 2023 and by the officers and directors, individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned
directly and the shareholders listed possess sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 

Name of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percent of class(2) 

5 or Greater Stockholders (other than Executive Officers and Directors) 

Carl Wolf 
 7,223,248 (3) 
 19.89 

Executive Officers and Directors 

Matthew Brown 
 5,629,921 (4) 
 15.50 
 
 Adam L. Michaels 
 100,049 (5) 

Anthony Gruber 
 0 

Steven Burns 
 1,434,801 (6) 
 3.94 
 
 Alfred D Agostino 
 989,205 (7) 
 2.72 
 
 Thomas Toto 
 846,110 (8) 
 2.33 
 
 Dean Janeway 
 341,003 (9) 

Michael Stengel 
 5,000 (10) 

Meghan Henson 
 0 

Shirley Romig 
 0 

All executive officers and directors as a group (10 persons) 
 9,346,089 
 23.43 (2) 

Less
than 1 

30 

(1) 
 Beneficial
 ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3(a) of the Exchange Act and generally includes voting or investment power with
 respect to securities. In determining beneficial ownership of our Common Stock, the number of shares shown includes shares which
 the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of debentures, warrants and options which may be acquired within 60 days. In determining
 the percent of Common Stock owned by a person or entity on April 26, 2023, (a) the numerator is the number of shares of the class
 beneficially owned by such person or entity, including shares which the beneficial ownership may be acquire within 60 days of April
 26, 2023 on exercise of warrants and options and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) the total shares of that class outstanding
 on April 26, 2023 (36,310,807 shares of Common Stock). Unless otherwise stated, each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and
 dispose of its shares. The address of each of the holders is 25 Branca Road, East Rutherford, NJ 07073. 

(2) 
 Figures
 may not add up due to rounding of percentages. 

(3) 
 The
 amount includes 6,170,356 shares held jointly with Ms. Marion F. Wolf and 1,052,892 shares held directly by Mr. Wolf. Ms. Wolf is
 the wife of Mr. Carl Wolf. Mr. Wolf maintains full voting control of such shares. 

(4) 
 5,401,823
 of the shares are held jointly with Ms. Karen Wolf and 228,098 shares are held by Mr. Brown. Ms. Wolf is the wife of Mr. Matthew
 Brown. Mr. Brown maintains full voting control of such shares. 

(5) 
 Includes
 100,049 shares purchased in the open market. 

(6) 
 This
 amount includes 138,888 shares held by Steven Burns, 84,074 shares held by Milvia Burns, Mr. Burns wife and 1,136,839 shares
 held by Point Prospect, Inc., a corporation which is wholly-owned by Steven Burns. Share total also includes options to purchase
 125,000 shares of common stock. 

(7) 
 This
 amount includes 130,901 shares directly held by Alfred D Agostino, 783,304 shares held by Alfred D Agostino Revocable
 Living Trust 11/6/2009, of which Alfred D Agostino is the beneficial owner. Share total also includes an option to purchase
 125,000 shares of common stock. 

(8) 
 This
 amount includes 704,443 held by Thomas Toto and 66,667 held by Thomas and Andrea Toto, for which Thomas Toto is the beneficial owner.
 Share total also includes an option to purchase 125,000 shares of common stock. 

(9) 
 This
 amount includes 279,072 shares held by Dean Janeway and 15,894 owned by Mary Janeway Dean Janeway Jt. Ten. Share total also
 includes an option to purchase 125,000 shares of common stock. 

(10) 
 This
 amount includes 5,000 shares purchased by the holder in April 2021. 

General 

The
Company is authorized to issue an aggregate number of 270,000,000 shares of capital stock, of which 120,000 shares are Series A Preferred
stock, 0.00001 par value per share, 200,000 shares are Series B Preferred stock, 0.00001 par value per share, 19,680,000 shares are
preferred stock, 0.00001 par value per share and 250,000,000 shares are common stock, 0.00001 par value per share. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue 250,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.00001 par value per share. At April 26, 2023, we had 36,317,857
shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Each
share of common stock has one (1) vote per share for all purposes. Our common stock does not provide any preemptive, subscription or
conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. Our common stockholders are not entitled to cumulative
voting for purposes of electing members to our board of directors. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue 120,000 shares are Series A Preferred stock, 0.00001 par value per share, 200,000 shares are Series B
Preferred stock, 0.00001 par value per share, and 19,680,000 preferred stock, 0.00001 par value per share. 

The
Company has designated 120,000 shares of preferred stock as Series A Convertible Preferred stock. All of the shares of the Company s
previously issued Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were converted as of February 13, 2020 and none remain outstanding. The Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock shares were convertible, at the option of the holder, into shares of Company Common Stock at a conversion
price of 0.675 (subject to adjustment) based upon the stated value of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 

In
the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company sold 54,600 shares of Series B Preferred Stock for gross proceeds of 1,365,000. 

The
holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally
available for such purpose, an accruing cumulative dividend, in preference to any dividend on the Common Stock, at an annual rate of
eight percent (8 of the Original Purchase Price, payable monthly. 

Shares
of Series B Preferred may be converted into Common Stock at a rate of 1 share of Series B Preferred Stock into 15 shares of Common Stock
at any time at the option of the holder. The Company can force conversion at 2.00 per share of Common Stock at any time after six (6)
months after issue if the Common Stock has a closing price of 2.00 or higher in any 30 consecutive trading days. After 18 months, the
Company can force holders to convert at a 20 discount to the most recent 20-day average closing price per share. The Company also has
the right to cause a conversion following a Fundamental Change. 

31 

At
any time on or after the date six (6) months after the Original Issue Date, the Company shall have the right, at its option, to give
notice of its election to redeem all outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock at the Redemption Price in effect on the date selected
by the Company. Redemption Price shall mean (i) for the period from and after six (6) months from the Original Issue Date
until eighteen (18) months from the Original Issue Date, 2.50 plus accrued and unpaid dividends; (ii) for the period from and after
the second anniversary of the Original Issue Date until the day immediately preceding the third anniversary of the Original Issue Date,
 3.00 plus accrued and unpaid dividends; and (iii) from and after the third anniversary of the Original Issue Date, 3.50 plus accrued
and unpaid dividends. 

Dividends 

Preferred
Stock . The holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred were entitled to receive dividends at a rate of either percent (8 per
annum payable quarterly in cash or Company Common Stock at the option of the holder. The holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for such purpose, an accruing
cumulative dividend, in preference to any dividend on the Common Stock, at an annual rate of eight percent (8 of the Original Purchase
Price, payable monthly. 

Common
Stock. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon our earnings,
if any, our capital requirements and financial position, general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. It is our present
intention not to pay any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our
business operations. We have not paid any cash dividends to the holders of our Common Stock. 

Warrants 

As
of April 26, 2023, there are 13,650 outstanding warrants to purchase our common shares. 

Options 

As
of April 26, 2023, there outstanding options to purchase 689,000 shares of Company Common Stock at prices ranging from 0.39 to 1.48
per share. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

We
currently lease 20,188 square feet in a fully contained facility at 184 Allen Boulevard, Farmingdale, NY from 148 Allen Blvd LLC for
production and distribution of T L Creative Salads and Olive Branch products. This property is owned by Anthony Morello, Jr., President
of T L, as well as individuals related to Mr. Morello. During the years ended January 31, 2022 and 2021, we paid 242,400 and 20,200,
respectively, in rent under this lease. 

Upon
consummation of the acquisition of T L, the Company executed a 3,000,000 promissory note with the sellers. The promissory note requires
annual principal payments of 750,000 payable on each anniversary of the closing, together with accrued interest at a rate of three and
one-half (3.5 per annum. As of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, the outstanding balance under the note was 2,250,000 and 3,009,917,
respectively. For the year ended January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 interest expense for this note was 101,771 and 9,917 respectively.
As of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, accrued interest was 6,688 and 9,917, respectively. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. D Agostino, Toto, Janeway, Henson, Romig, and Stengel is an independent
director within the meaning of the applicable rules of the SEC and the NASDAQ Markets and that each of them is also an independent director
under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act for the purpose of audit committee membership. In addition, our board of directors has determined
that Mr. Stengel is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the applicable rules of the SEC and the NASDAQ Markets. 

32 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Audit
Fees 

Audit
Fees consist of assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements. This category includes fees related to the performance of audits and attest services not required by statute or regulations,
and accounts consultations regarding the application of US GAAP to proposed transactions. The aggregate audit fees billed for the fiscal
years ended January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, were 191,655 and 63,350, respectively. 

Audit
Related Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of
the audit or review of our financial statements, other than those previously reported in this Item 14, for the fiscal years ended January
31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 were 62,948 and 0, respectively. 

Tax
Fees 

Tax
Fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for tax compliance, tax advice,
and tax planning. These services include preparation of federal and state income tax returns. The aggregate tax fees billed for the years
ended January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 were 25,555 and 12,500, respectively. 

All
Other Fees 

All
Other Fees consists of all other fees for services rendered by our principal accountant. For the years ended January 31, 2023 and January
31, 2022, there were no such services or fees billed. 

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Effective
May 6, 2003, the SEC adopted rules that require that before our auditor is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit
related service, the engagement be: 

approved by
 our audit committee; or 

entered into pursuant to
 pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee, provided the policies and procedures are detailed as to
 the particular service, the audit committee is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation
 of the audit committee s responsibilities to management. 

Our
Audit Committee pre-approved all services provided by our independent auditors for the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

33 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of MamaMancini s Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 24, 2011). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of MamaMancini s Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2013). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2015). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Bylaws of MamaMancini s Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on May 8, 2013). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 10.1 
 
 MamaMancini s Holdings, Inc. 2021 Incentive Stock and Award Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on March 10, 2023). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Non-Employee) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2013). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2013). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Employee) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2013). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2013). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Development and License Agreement, by and between Daniel Daugherty and Market Finders Brokerage, Inc., dated as of January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on May 8, 2013). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Multiple Disbursement Term Loan with M T Bank, dated as of October 26, 2022 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included in signature page of Form 10-K). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the
 Inline XBRL document) 

34 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MAMAMANCINI S HOLDINGS, INC. 

Date: April 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Adam
 L. Michaels 

Name: 
 Adam L. Michaels 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Anthony
 Gruber 

Name: 
 Anthony Gruber 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Adam Michaels and Anthony
Gruber as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities,
to sign any amendments to this Report on Form 10-K and to file same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith,
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitutes,
may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Adam
 L. Michaels 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the 
 
 April 26, 2023 
 
 Adam L. Michaels 
 
 Board of Directors 

/s/ Matthew
 Brown 
 
 President, Director 
 
 April 26, 2023 
 
 Matthew Brown 

/s/ Anthony
 Gruber 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 26, 2023 
 
 Anthony Gruber 

/s/ Steven
 Burns 
 
 Director 
 
 April 26, 2023 
 
 Steven Burns 

/s/ Alfred
 D Agostino 
 
 Director 
 
 April 26, 2023 
 
 Alfred D Agostino 

/s/ Tom
 Toto 
 
 Director 
 
 April 26, 2023 
 
 Tom Toto 

/s/ Dean
 Janeway 
 
 Director 
 
 April 26, 2023 
 
 Dean Janeway 

/s/
 Meghan Henson 
 
 Director 
 
 April 26, 2023 

Meghan Henson 

/s/
 Michael Stengel 
 
 Director 
 
 April 26, 2023 
 
 Michael Stengel 

/s/
 Shirley Romig 
 
 Director 
 
 April 26, 2023 
 
 Shirley Romig 

35 

MAMAMANCINI S
HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 January
31, 2023 

Page(s) 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 0 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Period from February 1, 2022 to January 31, 2023 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of MamaMancini s Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of MamaMancini s Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of January 31, 2023
and 2022, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended January 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 31,
2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended January 31, 2023,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We determined
that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2011. 

April
 26, 2023 

F- 2 

MamaMancini s
Holdings, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

January 31, 2023 
 January 31, 2022 

Assets: 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangibles, net 

Goodwill 

Operating lease right of use assets, net 

Deferred tax asset 

Equity method investment 
 
 - 
 
 Deposits 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity: 

Liabilities: 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Term loan, net of debt discount of and , respectively 

Operating lease liability 

Finance leases payable 

Promissory note related party 

Total current liabilities 

Line of credit 

Operating lease liability net of current 

Finance leases payable net of current 

Promissory note related party, net of current 

Term loan net of current 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity: 

Series A Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, shares outstanding as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series B Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Less: Treasury stock, shares at cost 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

MamaMancini s
Holdings, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

2023 
 2022 

For the Years Ended January 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Sales-net of slotting fees and discounts 

Costs of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest 

Amortization of debt discount 

Other income 

Total other income (expenses) 

Net income before income tax provision and income from equity method investment 

Income from equity method investment 
 
 - 

Income tax provision 

Net income (loss) 

Less: series B preferred dividends 
 
 - 

Net income (loss) available to common stockholders 

Net income (loss) per common share 

basic 

diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

basic 

diluted 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

MamaMancini s
Holdings, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

For
the Period from February 1, 2022 through January 31, 2023 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Series A 
 Series B 

Additional 

Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance, February 1, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock issued for the exercise of options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock issued for the acquisition of equity investment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of Preferred B Shares, net of issuance costs 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Series B Preferred dividend 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, January 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

For
the Period from February 1, 2021 through January 31, 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Additional Paid In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance, February 1, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

Stock options issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for exercise of options 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, January 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

MamaMancini s
Holdings, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2023 
 2022 

For the Years Ended January 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Provision for doubtful accounts 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of right of use assets 

Amortization of intangibles 

Share-based compensation 

Change in deferred tax asset 

Income from equity method investment 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Security deposits 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash paid for fixed assets 

Cash paid for equity method investment 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of companies net of cash acquired 
 - 

Net Cash (Used in) Investing Activities 

- 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from series b preferred stock offering 
 
 - 
 
 Payment of stock offering costs 
 
 - 
 
 Borrowings from term loan 
 - 

Cash paid for financing fees 

Repayment of term loan 
 
 - 
 
 Borrowings of line of credit, net 

Repayment of term loan - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of finance lease obligations 

Payment of Series B Preferred dividends 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of options 

Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash 

Cash - Beginning of Period 

Cash - End of Period 

SUPPLEMENTARY CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash Paid During the Period for: 

Income taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Interest 

SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Finance lease asset additions 

Operating lease asset additions 
 - 

Related party loan to finance acquisition 
 - 

Non-cash consideration paid in common stock for equity method investment 
 
 - 
 
 Non-cash deposits on prepaid additions 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

MamaMancini s
Holdings, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 January
31, 2023 

minority interest in Chef Inspirational Foods, LLC CIF ), a leading developer,
innovator, marketer and sales company selling prepared foods, for an investment of million. The investment consists of 
in cash and in the Company s common stock. The Company also was granted the option to purchase the remaining seventy-six
percent interest in CIF within one year of June 28, 2022. The option purchase price is an additional million, of which 
million would be paid in cash and in common stock, which would be paid within a two-year period from June 28, 2023. The acquisition
of the interest in CIF is being accounted for under the equity method of accounting for investments. 

Net income 

cash equivalents at January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022. 

The
Company minimizes its credit risk associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution.
The balance at times may exceed federally insured limits. At January 31, 2023, the Company had approximately million in cash balances
that exceed federally insured limits. 

and , respectively. 

Work in Process 

Finished goods 

Total 

The
reserve for obsolescence at January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 was and , respectively. 

- years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 
 - years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 
 - 

) 

Upon
sale or retirement of property and equipment, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain
or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. 

of costs incurred in the year ended January
31, 2021 to implement cloud computing arrangements. Acquired internal-use software licenses are amortized over the term of the arrangement
on a straight-line basis to the line item within the consolidated statements of operations that reflects the nature of the license. In
November 2021, the Company finalized the implementation process and began to use the software license. During the years ended January
31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded amortization of and , respectively. 

Additionally,
the Company evaluates its accounting for fees paid in an agreement to determine whether it includes a license to internal-use software.
If the agreement includes a software license, the Company accounts for the software license as an intangible asset. Acquired software
licenses are recognized and measured at cost, which includes the present value of the license obligation if the license is to be paid
for over time. If the agreement does not include a software license, the Company accounts for the arrangement as a service contract (hosting
arrangement) and hosting costs are generally expensed as incurred. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill
is the excess of the consideration paid for a business over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill and other
indefinite lived intangible assets are not amortized. Instead, these assets are reviewed annually (or more frequently under various conditions)
for impairment. The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative
goodwill impairment test. However, the Company may elect to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test even if no indications
of a potential impairment exist. 

When
performing its quantitative annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test the Company is comparing the fair value of its reporting units
with their carrying amounts. The Company would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the
reporting unit s fair value; however, the loss recognized would not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting
unit. Additionally, the Company considers income tax effects from any tax-deductible goodwill on the carrying amount of its reporting
unit when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable. The fair value of the reporting units is estimated using discounted
cash flow methodologies, as well as considering third party market value indicators. The Company s use of a discounted cash flow
methodology includes estimates of future revenue based upon budgets and projections. The Company also develops estimates for future levels
of gross and operating profits and projected capital expenditures. The Company s methodology also includes the use of estimated
discount rates based upon industry and competitor analysis as well as other factors. Calculating the fair value requires significant
estimates and assumptions by management. Should the estimates and assumptions regarding the fair value of the reporting units prove to
be incorrect, the Company may be required to record impairments to its goodwill in future periods and such impairments could be material. 

Management
evaluates the remaining useful life of an intangible asset that is not being amortized each reporting period to determine whether events
and circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life. If an intangible asset that is not being amortized is subsequently determined
to have a finite useful life, it is amortized prospectively over its estimated remaining useful life. 

As
of January 31, 2023, there were no impairment losses recognized for goodwill. 

Other
Intangibles 

years 
 
 Customer relationships 
 
 - years 

During
the year ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized amortization of and respectively related to other intangible
assets. 

and , respectively. 

Payment
terms in the Company s invoices are based on the billing schedule established in contracts and purchase orders with customers.
The Company recognizes the related trade receivable when the goods are received by the customer. 

Less: Slotting, Discounts, and Allowances 

Net Sales 

Disaggregation
of Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The following table disaggregates gross revenue by significant geographic area for the
years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Southeast 

Midwest 

West 

Southwest 

Total revenue 

and , respectively. 

For
the year ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, share-based compensation amounted to and , respectively. 

N/A 
 
 Expected life of grants 
 years 
 N/A 
 
 Expected volatility of underlying stock 
 
 N/A 
 
 Dividends 
 
 N/A 

The
expected option term is computed using the simplified method for plain vanilla options as permitted under
the provisions of ASC 718-10-S99. The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments
as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. 

The
expected stock price volatility for the Company s stock options was estimated using the historical volatilities of the Company s
common stock. Risk free interest rates were obtained from U.S. Treasury rates for the applicable periods. 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Diluted net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic 

Dilutive securities (a): 

Series B Preferred 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options 
 
 - 
 
 Restricted Stock 

Warrants 
 - 
 - 

Weighted average common shares outstanding and assumed conversion diluted 

Basic net income (loss) per common share 

Diluted net income (loss) per common share 

(a) - Anti-dilutive securities excluded: 

Options 

Warrants 
 
 - 

and ,
respectively, which is included in other long-term liabilities or other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company
regularly evaluates the need for a valuation allowance related to the deferred tax asset. 

In
January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment ASU 2017-04 ). ASU 2017-04 simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairments by eliminating the requirement to compare
the implied fair value of goodwill with its carrying amount as part of step two of the goodwill impairment test referenced in Accounting
Standards Codification ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other ASC 350 ). As a result, an entity should
perform its annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An
impairment charge should be recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value. However,
the impairment loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. ASU 2017-04 is effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022, including any interim impairment tests within those annual periods, with
early application permitted for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. In February
2022, we elected to early adopt ASU 2017-04, and the adoption had no impact on our consolidated financial statements. We will perform
future goodwill impairment tests according to ASU 2017-04. 

million, including million in cash at closing and million in a promissory
note. The promissory note requires annual principal payments of payable on each anniversary of the closing, together with accrued
interest at a rate of three and one-half per annum. The holder of the Note is T L Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company, and is guaranteed by the Company. The holder has a right of set-off against the balance due for any matters which are
the subject of an indemnification under the transaction agreements. The cash payment was funded through cash on hand and a million
long-term acquisition note from M T Bank (see below). Anthony Morello, Jr. remained as President of T L. 

On
December 29, 2021, the Company entered into a Multiple Disbursement Term Loan (the Loan with M T Bank for the original
principal amount of payable in monthly installments over a -month amortization period. The Maturity Date of the Loan is
 . Interest is payable on the unpaid principal amount of the Loan at a variable rate per annum based on the Company s
Senior Funded Debt/EBITDA Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement between Borrower and Bank) established with respect to the Borrower
as of the date of any advance under the Loan as follows: if the Senior Funded Debt/EBITDA ratio is: 

All
of the proceeds of the Loan were utilized to fund the acquisition of T L and OB. During the year ended January 31, 2022, the Company
incurred approximately in transaction costs for professional fees and other expenses, which are included in General and administration
operating expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Of these fees, approximately was paid to Spartan Capital Securities,
LLC. 

For the Year Ended January 31, 2022 
 
 Revenues 

Net income 

Net income per share - basic 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

The
unaudited pro-forma results of operations are presented for information purposes only. The unaudited pro-forma results of operations
are not intended to present actual results that would have been attained had the acquisitions been completed as of February 1, 2021 or
to project potential operating results as of any future date or for any future periods. 

ASC
805 defines the acquirer in a business combination as the entity that obtains control of one or more businesses in a business combination
and establishes the acquisition date as the date the acquirer achieves control. ASC 805 requires an acquirer to recognize the assets
acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquirer (if any) at the acquisition date, measured at their
fair values as of that date. ASC 805 also requires the acquirer to recognize contingent consideration (if any) at the acquisition date,
measured at its fair value at that date. 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Fixed assets, net 

Intangibles 

Total identified assets acquired 

Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total net assets acquired 

The
acquisition method of accounting requires extensive use of estimates and judgments to allocate the considerations transferred to the
identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The amounts used in computing the purchase price differ
from the amounts in the purchase agreements due to fair value measurement conventions prescribed by accounting standards. 

The
intangible assets acquired include the trademarks and customer relationships. 

Goodwill
represents the assembled workforce, acquired capabilities, and future economic benefits resulting from the acquisition. All of the goodwill
is deductible for tax purposes. 

Furniture and Fixtures 

Leasehold Improvements 

Property and Equipment, Gross 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation 

Total 

Depreciation
expense charged to income for the year ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 amounted to and , respectively. 

- 
 - 
 
 Customer relationships 

Tradename and trademarks 

Intangibles,
net consisted of the following at January 31, 2022: 

Gross Carrying Amount 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Net Carrying Amount 
 Weighted Average Remaining Life 
 
 Software 

Customer relationships 

Tradename and trademarks 

Amortization
expense for the years ended January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 was and , respectively. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

promissory note with the sellers. The promissory note requires
annual principal payments of payable on each anniversary of the closing, together with accrued interest at a rate of three and
one-half per annum. As of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, the outstanding balance under the note was and ,
respectively. For the year ended January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 interest expense for this note was and respectively.
As of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, accrued interest was and , respectively. 

Lease
 Related Party 

The
Company leases a fully contained facility in Farmingdale, NY from 148 Allen Blvd LLC for production and distribution of T L Creative
Salads and Olive Branch products. 148 Allen Blvd LLC is owned by Anthony Morello, Jr., President of T L and various individuals related
to Mr. Morello. This lease term is through with with
base rent of per month through December 31, 2026, increasing after that date to through the end of the initial lease
term. The exercise of optional renewal is uncertain and therefore excluded from the calculation of the right of use asset. Rent expense
pursuant to the lease for the year ended January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 was and , respectively. 

Chef
Inspirational Foods, LLC 

As
noted above in Note 1, the Company acquired a minority interest in Chef Inspirational Foods, Inc. CIF ). For the period
from June 28, 2022 to January 31, 2023, T L recorded sales of with CIF, of which was outstanding and included
in accounts receivable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at January 31, 2023. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the
Company recorded commission expenses and consulting services expenses of based on its transactions with CIF, of which 
was due to CIF and is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at January 31,
2023. 

million
as well as extend the maturity date to . On June 11, 2021, the line was amended to increase the available borrowings to
 million and extended the maturity date to . On October 26, 2022, the line was amended to increase the available borrowings
to million and extended the maturity date to , interest is payable on the unpaid principal amount of the Loan at a
variable rate per annum based on the Company s Senior Funded Debt/EBITDA Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement between Borrower
and Bank) established with respect to the Borrower as of the date of any advance under the Loan as follows: The
facility is supported by a first priority security interest in all of the Company s business assets and is further subject to various
affirmative and negative financial covenants. The Company was in compliance with the covenants as of January 31, 2023. The covenants
were waived by the bank as of January 31, 2022. 
The outstanding balance on the line of credit was and as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, respectively. During
the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company incurred interest of and to M T Bank for the line of credit
agreement, respectively. 

As
discussed above in Note 2, on December 29, 2021, the Company entered into a loan with M T Bank for the original principal amount
of payable in equal monthly principal installments over a -month amortization period (the Acquisition Note ).
The Maturity Date of the Acquisition Note is . Interest is payable on the unpaid Principal Amount of the Acquisition
Note at a variable rate per annum based on the Company s Senior Funded Debt/EBITDA Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement between
Borrower and Bank) established with respect to the Borrower as of the date of any advance under the Acquisition Note as follows: if the
Senior Funded Debt/EBITDA ratio is: The Company recorded a debt discount of 
in relation to the debt. For the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company recorded in amortization of the debt discount. As of
January 31, 2023, the outstanding balance and unamortized discount of the Acquisition Note was and , respectively.
As of January 31, 2022, the outstanding balance and unamortized discount of the Acquisition Note was and , respectively.
During the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company incurred interest of for the Acquisition Note. 

and
 , respectively, of gross revenue. For the year ended January 31, 2022, the Company s revenue was concentrated in three customers
that accounted for approximately , , and respectively, of gross revenue. 

As
of January 31, 2023, three customers represented approximately , , and , totaling of total gross outstanding receivables,
respectively. As of January 31, 2022, three customers represented approximately , and of total gross outstanding receivables,
respectively. 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share. The Company has designated 
shares of preferred stock as Series A Convertible Preferred stock. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. 

Series
B Preferred 

The
Company has designated shares of preferred stock, par value per share, for each of the Series B Preferred. The holders
of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the amount
of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would be entitled to receive with respect to such shares of Series B Preferred
Stock if such shares had been converted to common stock immediately prior to such liquidation. 

Holders
of the Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends at an annual rate of eight percent ). Holders of
the Series B Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights. 

On
September 13, 2022, the Company closed the first round of the Series B Preferred Stock offering with the sale of shares, raising
gross proceeds of . 

On
November 17, 2022, the Company held a final closing of its offering of Series B Preferred Stock, wherein it sold an additional 
shares of Series B Preferred Stock for gross proceeds of . During
the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company paid dividends of . 

Restricted
Stock Units 

During
the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company awarded the CEO a grant of restricted stock units RSUs with a grant
date fair value of . The RSUs will be expensed over the requisite service period. The terms of the RSUs include vesting provisions
based solely on continued service. If the service criteria are satisfied, the RSUs will vest during September 2023, September 2024, September
2025 and September 2026. As of January 31, 2023, there were unvested shares. 

Granted 

Vested 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

Outstanding January 31, 2023 

During
the year ended January 31, 2023 , the Company recognized
share-based compensation related to restricted stock units of an aggregate of , which was recorded to general and admirative expense
on the statement of operations, and unrecognized share-based compensation of . 

For
the year ended January 31, 2022, the Company recognized share-based compensation related to restricted stock units of an aggregate of
 , which was recorded to general and admirative expense on the statement of operations. 

Options 

Exercisable February 1, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Outstanding January 31, 2023 

Exercisable January 31, 2023 

At
January 31, 2023, the total intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was and , respectively. 

During
the year ended January 31, 2023, the members of the board of directors and the former CFO exercised 
options at a weighted average exercise price of 
per share in exchange for 
shares of common stock. The Company received for the exercise of these options. 

During
the year ended January 31, 2022, eight employees exercised a total of options at an exercise price range of to per
share for aggregate proceeds of . 

For
the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized share-based compensation related to options of an aggregate of 
and , respectively, which is included in general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.
At January 31, 2023, there was unrecognized share-based compensation of . 

Warrants 

In
conjunction with the Series B Preferred offering, the placement agent received one warrant for every invested. The fair value of
the warrants as of grant date was and was valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 

Expected life 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility of underlying stock 

Dividends 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding January 31, 2023 

Exercisable January 31, 2023 

At
January 31, 2023, the total intrinsic value of warrants outstanding and exercisable was . 

which included loss of business, the rebuild of the spiral
oven, additional expenses to clean plant and lost material and packaging. During the year ended January 31, 2022, the Company received
 relating to business interruption insurance which was recorded as a component of costs of sales on the consolidated statements
of income. The Company received the remaining amount of proceeds for the property damage claim, resulting in other income of .
This amount was offset by repairs and maintenance expense of as well as the costs of additions and parts of the oven and roof
totaling . No additional proceeds were received or costs incurred during the year ended January 31, 2023. 

Litigation,
Claims and Assessments 

From
time to time, the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business.
Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm its business. The Company is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have, individually
or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or operating results. 

Licensing
and Royalty Agreements 

On
March 1, 2010, the Company was assigned a Development and License agreement (the Agreement ). Under the terms of the Agreement
the Licensor shall develop for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce, turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and
sauces for commercial manufacture, distribution and sale (each a Licensor Product and collectively the Licensor
Products ). Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of
a Licensor Product by Licensee, Licensor s trade secret recipes, formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production
of such Licensor Products (the Recipes shall be subject to this Development and License Agreement. 

The
Exclusive Term began on January 1, 2009 (the Effective Date and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date. 

The
Royalty Rate shall be: of net sales up to of net sales for each Agreement year; of Net Sales from up to 
of Net Sales for each Agreement year; of Net Sales from up to of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 
of Net Sales in excess of of Net Sales for each Agreement year. 

In
order to continue the Exclusive term, the Company shall pay a minimum royalty of each year. 

The
Company incurred and of royalty expenses for the year ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Royalty expenses
are included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Agreements
with Placement Agents and Finders 

Spartan
Capital, LLC 

The
Company entered into a fourth Financial Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities, LLC Spartan effective April 1, 2015 (the Spartan Advisory Agreement ). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement, if the Company enters
into a change of control transaction during the term of the agreement through October 1, 2022, Upon consummation of the
acquisition of T L and OB in December 2021, the Company paid Spartan pursuant to the advisory agreement. Based on this agreement
with Spartan, during the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company paid Spartan upon the consummation of CIF purchase. 

AGES
Financial Services. Ltd. 

On
July 6, 2022, the Company executed a Proposed Offering Engagement Letter with AGES Financial Services. Ltd. AGES to act
as a non-exclusive (i) dealer-manager, (ii) placement agent and/or (iii) financial advisor for a proposed issuance, or series of issuances,
for up to of the Company s Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Proposed Offering in a private placement
to be conducted by the Company pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 506(b)
of Regulation D promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Unless terminated prior to December 31, 2022,
the period of the Engagement runs from July 5, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 

. 

. The Company recorded
a right of use asset and related liability of for the new space which will be occupied over a 60-month period. 

On
December 29, 2021, the Company entered into a new right of use obligation with a related party (See Note 6) for office, manufacturing,
and storage space in Farmingdale, New York. In connection with this lease, the Company recorded a right of use asset and corresponding
lease liability of . 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Operating Leases 

Total net lease cost 

Current operating lease liabilities, included in current liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities, included in long-term liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Finance Leases 

Property and equipment at cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Current obligations of finance lease liabilities, included in current liabilities 

Finance leases, net of current obligations, included in long-term liabilities 

Total finance lease liabilities 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

Operating leases 
 - 

Finance leases 

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Weighted average discount rate: 

Operating leases 

Finance Leases 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: amounts representing interest 

Total lease obligations 

- 
 
 Deferred 

State and Local 

Current 

Deferred 

Income tax provision 

The
Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers (NOLs) of approximately million and million at January 31, 2023 and
2022, respectively, available to offset taxable income through 2034. The Company also has State NOLs of approximately million and
 million at January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, available to . 

In
assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for
taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management
considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this
assessment. There was no valuation allowance as of January 31, 2023 and 2022. 

The
Company evaluated the provisions of ASC 740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s
financial statements. ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize, present, and disclose uncertain positions
that the Company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return
and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to as unrecognized benefits. A
liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or amount of tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized tax benefit
because it represents an enterprise s potential future obligation to the taxing authority for a tax position that was not recognized
as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740. 

If
applicable, interest costs related to the unrecognized tax benefits are required to be calculated and would be classified as Other
expenses Interest in the consolidated statements of operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of General
and administrative. 

No
interest or penalties on unpaid tax were recorded during the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of January 31, 2023
and 2022, liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. The Company does not expect any significant changes
in its unrecognized tax benefits in the next year. 

Share-based compensation 

Acquisition costs 

Capitalized start-up and organization costs 

Right of use liability 

Inventory 

Interest limitation 
 - 

Bad debt 
 
 - 
 
 Other 
 - 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Fixed assets 

Intangibles 
 
 - 
 
 Right of use asset 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

Adjustments to deferred tax assets 

Non-deductible expenses 
 - 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

F- 25 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF COMMON STOCK 

The
following summary describes the common stock of MamaMancini s Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ),
which common stock is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Only the Company s common stock is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 250,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.00001 per share, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value 0.00001 per share, the rights and preferences of which may be established from time to time by our board. 

As
of April 26, 2023, there were 36,310,807 shares of Common Stock outstanding. On the same date, there were also 54,600 shares of Series
B Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

Voting
Rights . Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters voted upon by our stockholders, including
the election of directors, and do not have cumulative voting rights. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive rights to purchase
shares of our stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock will be subject to those of the holders of
any shares of our preferred stock we may issue in the future. 

Dividend
Rights . Subject to the rights of holders of any then outstanding shares of our preferred stock, our common stockholders are entitled
to any dividends that may be declared by our board, each share of our common stock is entitled to equal dividends and distributions per
share with respect to the common stock when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors. 

Liquidation
and Dissolution Rights . Holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in our net assets upon our dissolution or liquidation
after payment or provision for all liabilities and any preferential liquidation rights of our preferred stock then outstanding. 

Fully
Paid Status. All outstanding shares of the Company s common stock are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

Listing.
 Our common stock is listed and traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol MMMB . 

Other
Matters . The shares of our common stock are not subject to any redemption provisions and are not convertible into any other shares
of our capital stock. 

Preferred
Stock 

In addition to our Series B Preferred Stock, our board may, from time to time, authorize the issuance of one or more classes
or series of preferred stock without stockholder approval. Subject to the provisions of our articles of incorporation and limitations
prescribed by law, our board is authorized to adopt resolutions to issue shares, establish the number of shares, change the number of
shares constituting any series, and provide or change the voting powers, designations, preferences and relative rights, qualifications,
limitations or restrictions on shares of our preferred stock, including dividend rights, terms of redemption, conversion rights and liquidation
preferences, in each case without any action or vote by our stockholders. One of the effects of undesignated preferred stock may be to
enable our board to discourage an attempt to obtain control of our company by means of a tender offer, proxy contest, merger or otherwise. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions Under The Nevada Revised Statutes 

Business
Combinations. Sections 78.411 to 78.444 of the Nevada revised statues (the NRS prohibit a Nevada corporation
from engaging in a combination with an interested stockholder for three years following the date that such
person becomes an interested stockholder and place certain restrictions on such combinations even after the expiration of the three-year
period. With certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person or group that owns 10 or more of the corporation s outstanding
voting power (including stock with respect to which the person has voting rights and any rights to acquire stock pursuant to an option,
warrant, agreement, arrangement, or understanding or upon the exercise of conversion or exchange rights) or is an affiliate or associate
of the corporation and was the owner of 10 or more of such voting stock at any time within the previous three years. 

A
Nevada corporation may elect not to be governed by Sections 78.411 to 78.444 by a provision in its articles of incorporation. We have
no provision in our Articles of Incorporation pursuant to which we have elected to opt out of Sections 78.411 to 78.444; therefore, these
sections do apply to us. 

Control
Shares. Nevada law also seeks to impede unfriendly corporate takeovers by providing in Sections 78.378 to 78.3793
of the NRS that an acquiring person shall only obtain voting rights in the control shares purchased by such
person to the extent approved by the other stockholders at a meeting. With certain exceptions, an acquiring person is one who acquires
or offers to acquire a controlling interest in the corporation, defined as one-fifth or more of the voting power. Control
shares include not only shares acquired or offered to be acquired in connection with the acquisition of a controlling interest, but also
all shares acquired by the acquiring person within the preceding 90 days. The statute covers not only the acquiring person but also any
persons acting in association with the acquiring person. The NRS control share statutes only apply to issuers that have 200 or more stockholders
of record, at least 100 of whom have had addresses in Nevada appearing on the stock ledger of the corporation at all times during the
90 days immediately preceding such date; and whom do business in Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation. We do not currently
meet these requirements and as such these provisions do not apply to us. 

A
Nevada corporation may elect to opt out of the provisions of Sections 78.378 to 78.3793 of the NRS. We have no provision in our Articles
of Incorporation pursuant to which we have elected to opt out of Sections 78.378 to 78.3793. 

Removal
of Directors. Section 78.335 of the NRS provides that 2/3rds of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of the
Company are required to remove a director from office. As such, it may be more difficult for stockholders to remove directors due to
the fact the NRS requires greater than majority approval of the stockholders for such removal. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.7>
 3
 ex10-7.htm

Exhibit 10.7 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries
of MamaMancini s Holdings, Inc. 

Entity 
 
 Percent
 of Ownership 
 
 Location 
 
 MamaMancini s,
 Inc. 
 
 100 
 
 United
 States of America 
 
 MMB
 Acquisitions, Inc. 
 
 100 
 
 United
 States of America 
 
 Joseph
 Epstein Food Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 100 
 
 United
 States of America 
 
 T L
 Acquisition Corp. 
 
 100 
 
 United
 States of America 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-270476) and Registration Statement
on Form S-1 (No. 333-270087) of MamaMancini s Holdings, Inc. of our report dated April 26, 2023 with respect to our audits of
the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MamaMancini s Holding, Inc. as of
January 31, 2023 and 2022, and for the years then ended. 

/s/ Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A. 

Somerset, New Jersey 

 April 26, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

E XHIBIT
 31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

I,
Adam Michaels, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed
 this Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2023 of MamaMancini s Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed,
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
 committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: April 26, 2023 

/s/ Adam
 Michaels 

Adam Michaels 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

E XHIBIT
 31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

I,
Anthony Gruber, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed
 this Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2023 of MamaMancini s Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed,
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
 committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: April 26, 2023 

/s/ Anthony
 Gruber 

Anthony Gruber 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

E XHIBIT
 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code),
the undersigned officer of MamaMancini s Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify,
to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 26, 2023 

/s/ Adam
 Michaels 

Adam Michaels 

Principal Executive Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to MAMAMANCINI S HOLDINGS, INC. and will be
retained by MAMAMANCINI S HOLDINGS, INC. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32-2.htm

E XHIBIT
 32.2 

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code),
the undersigned officer of MamaMancini s Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify,
to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 26, 2023 

/s/ Anthony
 Gruber 

Anthony Gruber 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to MAMAMANCINI S HOLDINGS, INC. and will be
retained by MAMAMANCINI S HOLDINGS, INC. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 21
 mmmb-20230131.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 23
 mmmb-20230131_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 24
 mmmb-20230131_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 25
 mmmb-20230131_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

