<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230404_10-K_edgar_data_1392545_0000890163-23-000019.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1927898</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>203888</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>140327</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>735614</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>401295</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>352436</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000890163-23-000019.hdr.sgml : 20230404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230404160600
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000890163-23-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230404

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lightning Gaming, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001392545
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				208583866
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52575
		FILM NUMBER:		23797335

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23 CREEK CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			BOOTHWYN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19061
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(610) 494-5534

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23 CREEK CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			BOOTHWYN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19061

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Red Pearl Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070314

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Red Pearl Acquistion Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070309

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000890163-23-000019.txt : 20230404

10-K
 1
 s22-22941_10k.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington , D.C. 20549 

(Mark One) Form 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 OR 
 
 o 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 000-52575 

 Lightning Gaming, Inc. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Nevada 
 
 20-8583866 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

23 Creek Circle 
 Boothwyn, PA 
 
 19061 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

 (610) 494 5534 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

 Common stock, par value 0.001 per share 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o No x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. Yes x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes x No
 o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one): 

Large accelerated filer o 
 
 Accelerated filer o 
 
 Non-accelerated filer o (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Smaller reporting company x 
 Emerging growth company o 

1 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and
attestation to its management s assessment of the eff ectiveness of its internal control over fi nancial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.
 o 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. o 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No x 

There is no public market for the registrant's stock. As of June 30,
2022, there were no published bid or asked prices for the stock or sales of stock known to the registrant that would provide a basis
for reporting market value. The number of shares of the registrant s (voting) Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share,
outstanding as of April 4, 2023 was 4,649,383. The number of shares of the registrant s Nonvoting Common Stock, par value
 0.001 per share, outstanding as of April 4, 2023 was 33,300,000. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART
 I - COMPANY INFORMATION 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 9 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 18 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 18 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 18 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 18 

PART II - FINANCIAL
 INFORMATION 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common
 Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 19 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
 Risk 
 27 

Item 8. 
Financial Statements 

1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm 
 28 
 
 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December
 31, 2022 and 2021; 
 29 
 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years
 ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 
 31 
 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 
 32 
 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
 years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 
 33 
 
 6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 35 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements
 with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 53 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 54 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 54 

PART
 III CORPORATE GOVERNANCE INFORMATION 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
 Governance 
 55 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 57 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
 Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 58 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
 and Director Independence 
 59 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 60 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 60 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 60 

3 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 

Lightning Poker, Inc. Lightning Poker was incorporated
in Pennsylvania in 2005 under the name Pokermatic, Inc. and succeeded to the business of Pokermatic, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability
company formed in 2004. Lightning Gaming, Inc. (the Company was incorporated on March 1, 2007 and on January 29, 2008,
completed a merger with Lightning Poker (the Merger which became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Lightning Slot
Machines, LLC Lightning Slots was formed in 2008 to leverage the Company s existing gaming licenses. The Company,
through Lightning Slots, manufactures and markets slot machines and related parts to casinos, cruise ships, and lottery venues. Its executive
offices are located at 23 Creek Circle, Boothwyn, Pennsylvania, 19061. 

Products 

In 2009, the Company commenced the design, manufacture, marketing, sale
and operation of slot machines to customers in various gaming jurisdictions. Our slot machines contain games where the casino patron wagers
on multiple pay lines with secondary bonusing games. Our games combine advanced graphics and digital music to create an engaging player
experience. We seek to develop games that offer high entertainment value to casino patrons and generate greater revenues for casinos than
the games offered by our competitors. Our current slot machine games are: 

Around the World in 80 Days 
 
 Lightning Lotto 

Beauty and the Beast 
 
 Lucky Shamrock Screaming Links 

Bierfeier Screaming Links 
 
 Penny Palooza 

Candy Cash 
 
 Pixiu Quick Link 

Cash Flow 
 
 Prosperous Buddha Persistent Link 

Ching Shih 
 
 Scarabs of Egypt Screaming Links 

Cinderella 
 
 Si Shou 

Crazy 8 s Link Deluxe 
 
 Si Shou Zao Ci 

Drachma Quick Link 
 
 Si Xiang Screaming Links 

Duck Dynamite 
 
 Slotto 

Electric Sevens Quick Link 
 
 Snow White 

Eye of RA Persistent Link 
 
 Snow White Screaming Links 

Fins N Wins 
 
 Swamp Fever 

Fruit Jackpots 
 
 Swamp Fever Persistent Link 

Fruit Treasure 
 
 Swamp Frenzy 

Golden Egg 
 
 Thunder Spirit Quick Link 

Goyaate 
 
 Ultimate Screaming Links Golden Egg 

Great Balls of Fire Screaming Links 
 
 Ultimate Screaming Links Golden Geigi 

Hao Yun 
 
 Ultimate Screaming Links Great Balls of Fire 

Hua Mulan Screaming Links 
 
 Vampires Fortune 

Jackpot Link Deluxe Jackpot Link Deluxe 
 
 Xingyun Gou Quick Link 

Jumbo Fish Stacks 
 
 Year of the Horse 

Jungle Book 
 
 Ye Xian 

Jungle Jackpots Screaming Links 
 
 Zhang Jiao Screaming Links 

Just Jackpots 
 
 Zuo Ci Screaming Links 

Lava Queen Quick Link 

4 

When we expanded our product line to include slot machines, we embarked
on an initiative to market to additional Native American jurisdictions as well as the commercial casino marketplace. As of December 31,
2022, we have 69 active regulatory gaming licenses, which includes 48 from Native American tribes and 21 state jurisdictions. We are working
to secure licensing to place our slot machines in a number of new jurisdictions across North America. The licensing process includes specific
jurisdictional approvals from the appropriate testing laboratory and regulatory agency. We expect to be licensed in several additional
jurisdictions during 2023 and over the next several years. 

Our first product was The Lightning Poker Table, a fully automated electronic
poker table that enabled up to ten players to make their wagers and game decisions via individual touch-screen betting stations. We ceased
production of the Poker Table in 2010 and were able to utilize tables in stock that had previously been out on lease, to fulfill sales
and lease orders obtained after then. As of December 31, 2020, all Poker Table leases were terminated and there were no remaining tables
in stock. 

Distribution 

All sales are handled through the Company s seasoned and experienced
in-house sales team and outside account managers who are located in those areas in which we are strategically seeking market share. The
Company believes it is very important for its salespeople to have regular contact with the casino decision makers. As our footprint in
the market expands, additions to sales staff will be necessary to maximize customer interaction. 

Revenue Models 

We have three different revenue models for the products that we offer to
our customers: 

Lease model 

Sale model 

Revenue sharing model 

The majority of our customers utilize a lease program whereby we receive
a fixed daily rate per slot machine. Typical lease agreements involve a month-to-month term and are cancellable upon thirty days written
notice. 

In an outright sale of our gaming machines, we receive cash for the entire
purchase price. This model is typically used in situations where there is a strong customer preference for an outright purchase or in
situations where leasing to a customer may be impractical due to geographic or financial reasons. All expenses pertaining to the sale
are recorded as they are incurred. 

The third model is a revenue sharing model, where we place gaming machines
on the floor of the casino and participate in a portion of the revenue generated. Typical revenue sharing agreements involve a month-to-month
term and include a maximum monthly payment per machine. 

Manufacture of Products 

The slot machines cabinets are produced by a third-party manufacturer.
The gaming software and artwork is created in our Boothwyn facility. The software, motherboard, player tracking bracket, bill validators
and ticket printers are loaded into the cabinets. The games are then tested and shipped from our Boothwyn, Pennsylvania facility. 

5 

Competition 

The gaming machine market is highly competitive and is characterized by
the continual introduction of new games and new technologies. Our ability to compete successfully in this market is dependent, in large
part, upon our ability to: 

develop and offer games with higher earnings performance than the games and gaming machines from our competitors; 

create an expanding and constantly refreshed portfolio of games; 

adapt our products for use with new technologies; 

implement product innovation and reliability; 

offer mechanical and electronic reliability; 

generate brand recognition; 

implement effective marketing and customer support; and 

offer competitive prices and lease terms. 

There are many companies in the world that manufacture slot machines for
legalized gaming markets. Of these companies, we believe that Aristocrat, International Gaming Technology PLC, Konami Co. Ltd., Evri Holdings,
Inc., Aruze Gaming, Novomatic Group of Companies, and Light Wonder, Inc. have a majority of this worldwide market. 

Our competitors vary in size from small companies with limited resources
to large multi-national corporations with greater financial, marketing and product development resources than we have. The larger competitors
have an advantage in being able to spend greater amounts to develop new technologies, games, and products, however we have the advantage
of being able to react to market conditions more rapidly and bring new games to market much quicker than larger competitors. 

Intellectual Property 

The trademark for Lightning Poker is registered with the
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. We have registered the www.LightningPoker.net, www.LTGaming.com, and www.LightningGaming.com 
Internet domain names. 

From time to time, we enter into license agreements for the use of intellectual
properties and technologies in our products. These agreements generally provide for license fee payments when the agreements are signed
and minimum commitments, which are cancellable in certain circumstances. Each license typically provides that the licensor retains the
right to exploit the licensed property for all other purposes, including the right to license the property for use with any products not
related to gaming machines. 

Gaming Regulations and Licensing 

Regulatory Overview 

Generally, the manufacture, sale and use of gambling devices are subject
to extensive federal, state, local and tribal regulation. In order to sell and distribute products to target markets, we, along with our
customers, must comply with the applicable regulations of each jurisdiction in which we operate. We expect it to take up to 12 months
or longer from the date of the submission of applications to obtain regulatory approval in some jurisdictions. As of April 4, 2023, we
had a total of 69 regulatory gaming licenses including regulatory gaming licenses in Native American jurisdictions and are preparing to
file applications for several additional licenses in North America. 

It is possible that the approval of gaming licenses will take much longer
than expected or that the gaming license will not be approved in the jurisdictions where we intend to operate which will result in being
unable to generate revenues in such jurisdictions. The laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we intend to operate are subject
to amendment and reinterpretation from time to time, and therefore it is possible that even if gaming licenses are approved at one time,
they may be denied in the future. 

6 

A total of 40 states and provinces in Canada allow casino-type gambling.
We will not sell or distribute our gaming products in states or provinces that prohibit casino gambling. 

The following is a brief description of the material regulations that may
apply in some of the jurisdictions in which we intend to market and sell our products. 

If a state requires that the Company, as well as our products, obtain regulatory
approval, we will be required to submit detailed financial and operating reports and furnish any other information the state may require.
Our officers, directors, certain key employees and any person having a material relationship with us may also have to qualify with the
state and obtain a finding of suitability. Beneficial owners, especially beneficial owners of more than 5 of our outstanding Common Stock,
may also be required to obtain a finding of suitability. 

If a gaming authority in any jurisdiction fails to find any of our officers,
directors or significant shareholders suitable, we may be prohibited from leasing, licensing or selling our products in that jurisdiction. 

A finding of suitability is generally determined based upon a myriad of
facts and circumstances surrounding the entity or individual in question and many gaming authorities have broad discretion in determining
whether a particular entity or individual is suitable. We are unaware of circumstances that would prevent a gaming authority from finding
any of our officers, directors or significant shareholders suitable. 

If any of our officers, directors or significant shareholders are not found
suitable in a jurisdiction requiring a finding of suitability, we would be prevented from leasing, licensing or selling our products in
that jurisdiction as long as the person in question remained an officer, director, or a significant shareholder. Such an occurrence would
likely delay introduction of our products into such jurisdiction or prevent us from introducing our products in such jurisdiction altogether.
Failure to obtain such findings of suitability could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, a finding
that one of our officers, directors or significant shareholders is not suitable in any jurisdiction may hinder our ability to obtain necessary
regulatory approvals in other jurisdictions. Conversely, however, a finding of suitability by one or more gaming authorities does not
ensure that similar suitability determinations will be obtained from any other gaming authorities. 

A state regulator may have the authority to disapprove a change in our
officers, directors and key employees. Some corporate transactions, including those that may be advantageous to our shareholders, may
require prior approval of various state regulators. These states may also require our products to undergo rigorous testing, a field trial
and a determination as to whether our products meet strict technical standards set forth in the applicable state regulations. 

The failure to comply with any requirements imposed by state regulators
or required by state law could prevent us from selling our products in such state, subject us to criminal and civil penalties, substantial
fines, and adversely affect our business. 

Tribal Casinos 

Numerous Native American tribes have become engaged in or have licensed
gaming activities on Native American tribal lands as a means of generating revenue for tribal governments. Gaming on Native American tribal
lands, including the terms and conditions under which gaming equipment can be sold or leased to Native American tribes, is or may be subject
to regulation under the laws of the tribes, the laws of the host state, and the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988 IGRA ),
which includes regulation and oversight by the National Indian Gaming Commission NIGC and the Secretary of the United
States Department of the Interior Interior Secretary ). Furthermore, gaming on Native American lands may also be subject
to the provisions of statutes relating to contracts with Native American tribes, which are also administered by the Interior Secretary. 

7 

The IGRA requires that the tribe and the host state enter into a written
agreement called a tribal-state compact, that specifically authorizes Class III gaming. The compact must be approved by the Interior Secretary,
with the notice of approval published in the Federal Register. Tribal-state compacts vary from state to state. Many require that equipment
suppliers meet ongoing registration and licensing requirements of the state and/or the tribe and some impose background check requirements
on the officers, directors, principals and shareholders of gaming equipment suppliers. Under the IGRA, tribes are required to regulate
gaming on their tribal lands under ordinances approved by the NIGC. These ordinances may impose standards and technical requirements on
hardware and software and may impose registration, licensing and background check requirements on gaming equipment suppliers and their
officers, directors, principals and shareholders. 

We have the required licenses to manufacture and distribute our products
in the Native American jurisdictions in which we do business. 

The United States Department of Justice DOJ ), the primary
law enforcement entity responsible for enforcing the federal law that restricts or prohibits certain gaming devices and activities, namely
the Federal Gambling Devices Act of 1962, which is commonly known as the Johnson Act, has traditionally taken a broad view as to what
constitutes a gambling device prohibited by the Johnson Act. We believe the Johnson Act is inapplicable to the use of our gaming products,
but it is possible that the DOJ would disagree with our position. In that event, the DOJ might institute criminal and civil proceedings
against us, and a court might rule that the Johnson Act prohibits the use of our gaming products by tribal casinos unless the tribe and
state have entered into an appropriate tribal-state compact. Any such proceedings could interfere with our ability to obtain regulatory
approvals in other jurisdictions. 

Additionally, certain tribes require gaming lab certification for devices
such as our gaming products before the casino will agree to purchase or lease the devices. Gaming lab certification requires meeting certain
technical specifications and standards and can be difficult and time consuming. It is possible this process will take longer than we anticipate
for a particular jurisdiction, or we may never obtain gaming lab certification for a particular jurisdiction. 

Federal Regulation 

We are required to register annually with the Criminal Division of the
DOJ in connection with the sale, distribution or operation of gaming equipment. The Johnson Act makes it unlawful, in general, for a person
to manufacture, transport or receive gaming machines or components across state lines unless that person has first registered with the
U.S. Attorney General. We also have various record-keeping and equipment-identification requirements imposed by this act. Violation of
the Johnson Act may result in seizure and forfeiture of the equipment, as well as other penalties. 

We believe the Johnson Act is inapplicable to the use of our gaming products.
However, the DOJ has traditionally taken a broad view as to what constitutes a gambling device prohibited by the Johnson Act and may disagree
with our position on the Johnson Act. 

Research and Development 

We currently conduct research and development activities primarily to develop
new gaming platforms and content and to add enhancements to our existing product lines. We believe our ability to deliver differentiated,
appealing products to the marketplace is based on our research and development investments and we expect to continue to make such investments
in the future. These research and development costs consist primarily of salaries and benefits and consulting fees. 

Our research and development expenses were 641,584 and 402,955 during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

8 

Significant Customers, Foreign Revenues and Foreign Assets 

For the years 2022 and 2021, there was no revenue from customers outside
the United States. For the years 2022 and 2021, four and two casino customers accounted for 36 and 13 , respectively, of our revenues.
One customer which was a group of casinos under common control represented approximately 17 and 14 of our 2022 and 2021, revenues, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no long-lived assets outside the United States. As of December 31, 2022, two casino customers
accounted for 54 of our net accounts receivable and as of December 31, 2021, four casino customers accounted for 45 of our net accounts
receivable. 

Employees 

As of April 4, 2023, we had 16 full-time and 1 part-time employees. We
consider our relationships with our employees to be satisfactory. None of our employees is covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Our business is subject to a variety of risks. The following risk factors
could result in a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition, results of operations, and ability to implement our
business plan. Many of these events are outside of our control. 

Risks Relating to our Business 

We have a limited operating history on which to evaluate our business. 

We were formed in 2004 and in 2009, we switched our focus from the manufacture
of Poker Tables to slot machines. We are continually developing and testing new game software and new slot machine themes. Our business
model is unproven and the lack of meaningful historical financial data makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects. To the extent that
we are able to implement our business plan, our business will be subject to all of the problems that typically affect a business with
a limited operating history, such as unanticipated expenses, capital shortfalls, delays in program development, delays in product availability
and possible cost overruns. 

We have a history of losses. We may be unable to generate sufficient
net revenue in the future to achieve or sustain profitability. 

We recognized a net loss of 149,611 for the year and have an accumulated
deficit of 30,066,663 as of December 31, 2022. To implement our business plan and generate the increased revenues necessary to achieve
profitability, we must gain broad market acceptance of our products. The market for our products is heavily regulated. We must obtain
regulatory approvals for our Company and our products in many additional jurisdictions, including some jurisdictions where we have not
yet filed applications. In addition to the usual risks associated with the introduction of a new product, the timing of our revenue generation
will be driven, in part, by our ability to gain broad market acceptance of our products in those jurisdictions where we are able to distribute
our products, our receipt of regulatory approvals in additional jurisdictions, and our entry into definitive agreements with customers
in those jurisdictions. For the reasons discussed in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this report, we might not generate significant
revenues to achieve profitability in the foreseeable future or at all. Even if we achieve profitability, we might not be able to sustain
or increase it on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to do so would adversely affect our business and may require us to raise additional
capital or incur additional debt, which may be very difficult given the current state of the gaming industry, capital markets and the
overall economy due to the impact of the Coronavirus pandemic COVID-19. 

9 

Our success in the gaming industry depends in large part on our ability
to expand further into the slot machine market and new geographical markets. Our further expansion into these markets will present new
challenges and risks that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

As we seek to expand further into the slot machine market and new geographical
markets, we expect to encounter business, legal, operational, and regulatory uncertainties. As a result, we may encounter legal and regulatory
challenges that are difficult or impossible to foresee and which could result in an unforeseen adverse impact on planned revenues or costs
associated with this expansion. If we are unable to effectively develop and operate within these new markets, then our business, operating
results and financial condition would be impaired. 

Successful growth in new markets may require us to make changes to our
products to ensure that they comply with applicable regulatory requirements and will require us to obtain additional licenses. Our ability
to affect these changes and obtain the required licenses is subject to a great degree of uncertainty and may never be achieved. 

Generally, our ability to further expand into the slot machine market and
enter new geographical markets involves a number of business uncertainties, including: 

whether our resources and expertise will enable us to effectively operate and grow in such new markets; 

whether our internal processes and controls will continue to function effectively; 

whether we have enough experience to accurately predict revenues and expenses in these new markets; 

whether we will be able to successfully compete against larger companies who dominate the markets that we are trying to enter; and 

whether we can timely perform under our agreements in these new markets because of other unforeseen obstacles. 

If we are unable to keep pace with rapid innovations in new technologies
or product design and deployment, or if we are unable to quickly adapt our development and manufacturing processes to compete, our business
and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

Our success is dependent on our ability to develop and sell our products
that are attractive not only to our customers, but also to their customers, the end players. If our slot machines do not appeal to customers,
or do not meet or sustain revenue and profitability expectations, our slot machines may be replaced by our competitors machines.
Additionally, we may be unable to enhance existing slot machines in a timely manner in response to changing regulatory, legal or market
conditions or customer requirements, or new products or new versions of our existing products may not achieve acceptance in new or existing
markets. Therefore, our future success depends upon our ability to design and market technologically sophisticated products that meet
our customers needs regarding, among other things, ease of use and adaptability, and are unique and entertaining such that they
achieve high levels of player appeal and sustainability. If we fail to keep pace with our competitors, our business could be adversely
affected and a decrease in demand for our products could also result in inventory obsolescence charges. 

10 

The demands of our customers and the preferences of the end players are
continually changing. As a result, there is constant pressure to develop and market new game content and technologically innovative products.
As our revenues are heavily dependent on the earning power and life span of our games, we face increased pressure to design and deploy
new and successful game themes to maintain our revenue stream and remain competitive. Our ability to develop new and innovative products
could be adversely affected by: 

the failure of our new gaming products to become popular with end players; 

a decision by our customers in particular or the gaming industry in general to decline to purchase our new slot machines or to cancel or return previous orders in anticipation of newer technologies; 

an inability to roll out new games on schedule as a result of delays in regulatory approval in the applicable jurisdictions, or otherwise; and 

an increase in the popularity of competitors' games. 

If we cannot adapt our manufacturing to meet the needs of our product innovations,
or if we are unable to increase our production capacity in a timely manner, our business could be negatively impacted. 

If we fail to obtain or maintain gaming licenses and regulatory approvals,
we will be unable to operate our business and license or sell our products. 

The manufacture and distribution of gaming machines are subject to extensive
federal, state, local and tribal regulation. Some jurisdictions require licenses, permits and other forms of approval for gaming devices.
Most, if not all, jurisdictions also require licenses, permits and documentation of suitability, including evidence of financial stability,
for the manufacturers and distributors of such gaming devices and for their officers, directors, significant shareholders and key personnel.
Our failure to obtain regulatory approval in any jurisdiction will prevent us from distributing our products and generating revenue in
that jurisdiction. Obtaining such approval is a time-consuming and costly process and cannot be assured. Although a manufacturer of gaming
devices may pursue entity regulatory approval with regulators of tribal casinos at the same time that it pursues regulatory approval
for its gaming devices, states that license commercial casinos require that a manufacturer obtain entity regulatory approval before seeking
approval for gaming devices. This might result in additional time and expense associated with obtaining regulatory approvals. Even after
incurring significant time and expense seeking such regulatory approvals, we may not be able to obtain them. 

If we fail to obtain a necessary registration, license, approval or finding
of suitability in a given jurisdiction, we would likely be prohibited from distributing our products in that jurisdiction. In addition,
some jurisdictions require license holders to obtain government approval before engaging in some transactions, such as business combinations,
reorganizations, stock offerings and repurchases. We may not be able to obtain all necessary registrations, licenses, permits, approvals
or findings of suitability in a timely manner, or at all. Our failure to obtain regulatory approvals in a timely manner in jurisdictions
that are material to us, whether individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our net revenue and delay or
prevent market acceptance of our products. 

If we fail to obtain or maintain gaming licenses and regulatory approvals
for our officers, directors and significant shareholders, we might be unable to operate our business and license or sell our products. 

Gaming authorities in some jurisdictions may investigate any individual
who has a material relationship with us, and any of our shareholders, to determine whether the individual or shareholder is suitable to
those gaming authorities. If a gaming authority in any jurisdiction fails to find any of our officers, directors or significant shareholders
suitable, we may be prohibited from leasing, licensing or selling our products in that jurisdiction and it could adversely affect our
regulatory approvals in other jurisdictions. 

11 

A finding of suitability is generally determined based upon a myriad of
facts and circumstances involving the entity or individual in question, and many gaming authorities have broad discretion in determining
suitability. If any of our officers, directors or significant shareholders are not found suitable in a jurisdiction requiring a finding
of suitability, we would be prevented from leasing, licensing or selling our products in that jurisdiction as long as the individual or
entity in question remained an officer, director, or significant shareholder. Such an occurrence would likely delay or prevent our introduction
of our products into such jurisdiction. 

Depending on how material such jurisdiction is to our plan of operations,
failure to obtain findings of suitability could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, a finding that one of our officers,
directors or significant shareholders is not suitable in any jurisdiction may hinder our ability to obtain or retain regulatory approvals
in other jurisdictions. Conversely, however, a finding of suitability by one or more gaming authorities does not ensure that similar suitability
determinations will be obtained from any other gaming authorities. 

Although we can terminate the employment of an officer or remove a director
who is not found suitable, such action could disrupt the management of our Company and adversely affect our business and the results of
our operations. In addition, the removal of a director may be delayed if such removal requires action on the part of our shareholders. 

Most of our competitors have greater resources and other advantages,
and our failure to remain competitive could adversely affect our ability to retain existing customers and obtain future business. 

There are a number of companies that offer, manufacture and distribute
slot machines. Most of these companies have greater financial resources than we have. 

The primary challenges to entering a market are the need to establish relationships
with the owners and operators of casinos, the requirements for regulatory approvals, and the development of the necessary technology for
our products. Our competitors include manufacturers of gaming devices that have already established such relationships and that have received
some, if not all, of the regulatory approvals needed to market and sell slot machines in our target markets, and we anticipate that the
number of such competitors will increase in the future. Most of our competitors have greater financial resources than we have. Therefore,
we anticipate that the challenges to enter into our markets would not pose a significant obstacle for such manufacturers if they sought
to compete with us. 

Competition in the gaming industry is intense due to the number of providers,
as well as the limited number of facilities and jurisdictions in which they operate. There are many companies that could introduce directly
competitive products in the short term that also have established relationships and have the potential to develop technology quickly with
greater resources than we have. 

Additionally, our customers compete with other providers of entertainment
for their end users entertainment budget. Consequently, our customers might not be able to spend new capital on acquiring gaming
equipment. Moreover, our customers might reduce their utilization of revenue sharing agreements. 

We operate in a very competitive business environment and if we do
not adapt our approach and our products to meet this competitive environment, our business, results of operations, and/or financial condition
could be adversely impacted. 

There is intense competition in the gaming products industry, which is
characterized by dynamic customer demand and rapid technological advances. We must continually adapt our approach and our products to
meet this demand and match these technological advances and if we cannot do so, our business, results of operations, and/or financial
condition may be adversely impacted. Conversely, the development of new competitive products or the enhancement of existing competitive
products in any market in which we operate could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and/or financial condition.
If we are unable to remain dynamic in the face of changes in the market, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

12 

In general, we compete with other gaming products for space on the casino
customers floor, as well as for our customers' capital and operational spending. Some of the larger gaming supply companies with
whom we compete are IGT, Light Wonder and Aristocrat. New competitors may also enter our key markets. 

Adverse general economic conditions that affect the gaming industry
or a reduction in demand for gaming in any of our significant markets may adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our business operations are affected by national and local economic conditions.
The current level of activity in the general economy, or in a region constituting a significant source of our customers, or a reduction
in demand for gaming, may harm the health of casino operators and our other customers and result in fewer customers leasing or purchasing
our products, which would adversely affect our results. 

Our growth and ability to access capital markets are subject to a
number of economic risks. 

In the wake of the global health crisis caused by the novel coronavirus
pandemic known as COVID-19, financial markets in the United States and abroad have suffered significant losses. It is possible that unfavorable
financial market conditions will continue for a long time or that there will be an even further deterioration in financial markets and
confidence in major economies even after the crisis of COVID-19 has passed. 

These financial market conditions affect our business in a number of ways.
The diminished availability of credit in financial markets adversely affects the ability of our customers to obtain financing for purchases
and operations and could result in a decrease in or cancellation of orders for our products. Financial market conditions could also affect
our ability to raise funds in the capital and bank lending markets. 

Risks that impact our customers may impact us. 

If fewer players visit our customers' facilities, if such players have
less disposable income to spend at our customers' facilities, if our customers are unable to devote resources to purchasing and leasing
our products, or if our customers are in an area that is experiencing a health crisis, such as COVID-19, that causes them to shut down
either voluntarily or involuntarily, there could be an adverse effect on our business. Such risks that affect our customers include, but
are not limited to: 

adverse economic conditions in gaming markets including recession, economic slowdown, higher airfares
and higher energy and gasoline prices; 
 
 global geopolitical events such as terrorist attacks, other acts of war or hostility, and popular uprisings
and violence such as those that have been occurring in the Middle East; 
 
 natural disasters such as major fires, floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, snowstorms and tsunamis
and their aftermath; 
 
 health crises, such as those caused by the spread of virus, epidemics and pandemics. 

Political, legal and other risks associated with sales in Native
American jurisdictions could adversely affect our operating results. 

Agreements with casinos in Native American jurisdictions may subject us
to sovereign immunity risks and could subject us to additional compliance costs. 

We compete in a single industry and our business may suffer if our
products become obsolete or demand for them decreases, including downturns in the gaming industry. 

We derive substantially all of our revenues from leasing and selling slot
machines for the gaming industry. If the gaming industry suffers a significant downturn, our business may materially suffer if our products
become obsolete or if use of our products decreases. Our licensing agreements with our customers are typically month-to-month and provide
for termination upon 30 days' prior notice by either party. Accordingly, consistent demand for and satisfaction with our products by our
customers is critical to our financial condition and future success. Problems, defects or dissatisfaction with our products could cause
us to lose customers or revenues from leases with minimal notice. Additionally, our success depends on our ability to keep pace with technological
advances in our industry and to adapt and improve our products in response to evolving customer needs and industry trends. If demand for
our products weakens due to lack of market acceptance, technological change, competition, regulatory changes, or other factors, it could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

13 

Defects in, and fraudulent manipulation of, our products could reduce
our revenue, increase our costs, burden our engineering and marketing resources, involve us in litigation and adversely affect our gaming
licenses. 

Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to avoid, detect and correct
software and hardware defects and prevent fraudulent manipulation of our products. Our products are subject to rigorous internal testing
and will be subject to additional testing by regulators in certain gaming jurisdictions. We may not be able to build and maintain products
that are free from defects or manipulations and that satisfy these tests. Although we have taken steps to prevent defects and manipulations,
our products could suffer such defects and manipulation after they have been widely distributed. 

Although we do not believe it is likely, it is possible that an individual
could breach the security of a casino and fraudulently manipulate its operations. Any such fraudulent manipulation, defects or malfunctions,
or any such problems with our slot machines, could result in financial losses for our customers and, in turn, termination of leases, cancellation
of orders, product returns and diversion of our resources. Even if our customers do not suffer financial losses, casinos may replace our
machines if they do not perform according to expectations. Any of these occurrences could also result in the loss of, or delay in, market
acceptance of our products and loss of licenses, leases and sales. 

In addition, the occurrence of defects in, or fraudulent manipulation of,
our products may give rise to claims for lost revenues and related litigation by our customers and may subject us to investigation or
other disciplinary action by regulatory authorities that could include suspension or revocation of our regulatory approvals. 

Our failure to obtain any necessary additional financing would have
a material adverse effect on our business. 

Most of our revenue is derived from leasing our products to customers under
operating leases. Our ability to lease our products to customers on a large scale will require us to obtain additional financing necessary
for the manufacture of our products. Our inability to obtain financing on terms that would allow us to license our products profitably
would hamper our ability to distribute the products on a large scale and may therefore, delay our ability to obtain significant market
presence as well as market acceptance of our products. 

In addition, if our revenues are not sufficient, or if we incur more than
anticipated expenses, we may need to seek additional equity or debt financing. It is uncertain whether we could obtain such financing.
Even if such financing is available, it may not be on terms that are favorable to us or in sufficient amounts to satisfy our requirements.
If we need, but are unable to obtain, additional financing we may be unable to develop our products, meet customer demand for our products,
withstand adverse operating results, or otherwise accomplish our business objectives. More importantly, if we are unable to obtain further
financing when needed, our continued operations may have to be scaled down or even ceased and our ability to generate revenues would
be negatively affected. 

14 

We are dependent on intellectual property rights. Therefore, infringement
claims against us, patents issued to our competitors, or misappropriation of our trade secrets or other proprietary information may adversely
affect us. 

Our competitors have patents covering, among other things, gaming machine
features, bonusing techniques and related technologies. If our products use processes or other subject matter that is claimed under our
competitors patents, or if other companies obtain patents claiming subject matter that we use, those companies may bring infringement
actions against us. 

Whether a product infringes a patent involves complex legal and factual
issues, which can be time-consuming and expensive to resolve. In addition, because patent applications can take many years to be approved,
there may be applications now pending of which we are unaware, which may later result in the issuance of patents that our products may
infringe upon or that may lead to infringement claims against us. If our product infringes a patent, we could be prevented from distributing
the product unless and until we obtain a license or redesign the product to avoid infringement. A license may not be available or may
require us to pay substantial royalties. We also may not be successful in redesigning a product to avoid infringement. 

Infringement and other intellectual property claims, with or without merit,
can be expensive and time-consuming to litigate, and we may not have the resources to defend against infringement suits brought against
us. Furthermore, if we are found to have willfully infringed on another party s patent, we might be liable for treble damages. 

We also rely on trade secrets and other proprietary information. We enter
into confidentiality agreements with our employees and independent contractors regarding our trade secrets and proprietary information,
but we cannot be assured that the obligation to maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets or proprietary information will be honored.
Despite various confidentiality agreements and other trade secret protections, our trade secrets and proprietary know-how could become
known to, or independently developed by, competitors. 

The use of our products could result in product liability claims
that could be expensive and that could damage our reputation and harm our business. 

Our business exposes us to the risk of product liability claims. Subject
to contractual limitations, we will face financial exposure to product liability claims if our products fail to work properly and cause
monetary damage to patrons, casinos or gaming venues. In addition, defects in the design or manufacture of our products might require
us to recall each product that has been leased. Although we maintain product liability insurance, the coverage limits of policies available
to us may not be adequate to cover future claims. If a successful claim is brought against us in excess or outside of our insurance coverage,
we may be forced to divert resources from the development of our products, the pursuit of regulatory approvals and other working capital
needs in order to satisfy such claims. 

We are dependent on the success of our customers and are subject
to industry fluctuations. 

Our success depends on our customers licensing or buying our products to
expand their existing operations, replace existing gaming products or equip a new casino. Any slowdown in the replacement cycle may negatively
impact our operations. Additionally, to the extent existing or potential customers choose to allocate capital to expenditures other than
gaming products, such as real estate acquisitions, hotel furnishings, restaurants and other improvements, or generally to reduce expenditures,
particularly in response to current conditions in the global economy and especially in the gaming industry and due to COVID-19, we may
suffer a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

15 

Certain market risks may affect our business, results of operations
and prospects. 

In the normal course of our business, we are routinely subjected to a variety
of market risks, examples of which include, but are not limited to, interest rate movements, fluctuating commodities markets, higher labor
costs, labor shortages, increased fuel prices and collectability of receivables. Further, some of our customers may experience financial
difficulties, possibly as a result of conditions in the gaming industry, or may otherwise not pay accounts receivable when due, resulting
in increased write-offs. We may incur material losses in these areas in the future, particularly in the aftermath of COVID-19. 

The loss of the services of our Chief Executive Officer CEO or other key employees, or the failure to attract additional key individuals, could materially and adversely affect our business. 

Our success will depend on retention of key executives who have been instrumental
in our development thus far, and on our ability to attract and retain employees to complete the development or enhancements of our products
and to market them widely. We seek to compensate and incentivize our executives and other key employees through competitive salaries and
equity incentive compensation, but such compensation may not be sufficient to enable us to retain them or hire new personnel. 

Our success will depend on the reliability and performance of third-party
manufacturers and suppliers. 

We currently obtain slot machine cabinets from third party manufacturers.
If those manufacturers are unable to meet our requirements, we would be significantly hampered in serving our customers and may miss revenue-generating
opportunities. Our inability to contract with third-party manufacturers and suppliers to provide a sufficient supply of our products on
acceptable terms and on a timely basis could negatively impact our relationships with existing customers and cause us to lose revenue-generating
opportunities with potential customers. We may experience shortages in materials used in the manufacture of our slot machines as well
as additional lead times in receiving those supplies which could delay filling customer orders in the aftermath of COVID-19. In addition,
manufacturing costs may increase significantly, and we may not be able to successfully recover these cost increases with increased pricing
to our customers. Either situation could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Attitudes and public policies regarding gaming might change to our
detriment. 

Gaming has historically experienced backlash from various constituencies
and communities. Public tastes are unpredictable and subject to change, and they may be affected by changes in the country s economic,
political and social climate. A change in public tastes or a backlash among certain constituencies or in certain communities could result
in reduced popularity of gaming in general, or increased regulation of the gaming industry, either of which could significantly reduce
demand. 

The novel coronavirus pandemic outbreak COVID-19 could continue to
spread rapidly and affect our suppliers, customers and employees, and cause disruptions in current and future plans for operations and
expansion. 

Our performance will depend on the duration and spread of the outbreak
of the novel coronavirus disease COVID-19, as well as any future restrictions placed on us or our customers due to the outbreak, whether
mandated or recommended. 

With continued waves of variants and subvariants of COVID-19, customers
may continue to lose patrons due to fears about being in public and potential exposure to COVID-19 or future pandemics. Customers may
experience significant losses due to the COVID-19 outbreak and may terminate their existing contracts or postpone or ultimately cancel
future planned orders and contracts due to those losses. Travel may be restricted to certain areas which may limit our ability to obtain
new customers or jurisdictions, or to provide services in those areas in which our customers are currently located. We may experience
a shortage of labor due to quarantine or prolonged illness within our own organization or at supplier or customer locations. 

16 

The situation surrounding COVID-19 remains uncertain and the degree to
which COVID-19 will impact the Company s performance in its aftermath will depend on the duration and continued spread of COVID-19
and its variants and sub-variants, as well as any future restrictions placed on us or our customers due to the outbreak, whether mandated
or recommended. 

We have been incurring significant additional costs since we became
a publicly reporting company in 2008, and we expect this to continue. 

Our public company compliance costs before we acquired Lightning Poker
in January 2008 in the Merger were not substantial, due to our minimal operations before the Merger. Lightning Poker did not operate as
a public company before the Merger. As a publicly reporting company with operations since January 2008, we have been incurring, and will
continue to incur, significant legal, auditing and other expenses. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rules implemented
by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), have imposed various requirements on public companies. Our
management and other personnel need to devote a substantial amount of time to these matters. 

Our business is subject to quarterly fluctuation. 

Our quarterly operating results may vary based on the timing of the opening
of new gaming jurisdictions, the opening or closing of casinos, the expansion or contraction of existing casinos, approval or denial of
our products and corporate licenses under gaming regulations, the introduction of new products, the mix of lease versus sales revenue,
and the closure of or operating restrictions imposed on ours and our customers physical locations due to COVID-19. As a result,
our operating results could be volatile, particularly on a quarterly basis. 

Risks Relating to our Common Stock 

There is no trading market for our common stock, and liquidity of
shares of our common stock is limited. 

There is no public trading market for our common stock, and we do not expect
a public trading market to develop in the foreseeable future. Trading in our stock has been minimal, the number of shareholders is relatively
small, and there are currently no market makers for our stock. Consequently, holders of our stock may find it difficult to liquidate their
investments. 

Our common stock might never be listed on any stock exchange. 

We might not attempt to meet, or we might be unable to meet, the initial
listing standards of NASDAQ or any other stock exchange. Even if we obtain a listing of our common stock, we might be unable to maintain
that listing. Before our stock is so listed, we might seek to have our stock quoted on the OTCQB or OTC Pink marketplaces of OTC Link,
where our stockholders may find it more difficult than on a stock exchange to dispose of shares or obtain accurate quotations as to trading
price and trading activity. In addition, if we failed to meet criteria set forth in a trading rule issued by the SEC, that rule would
impose various practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell our stock to persons other than established customers and accredited investors.
This may deter broker-dealers from recommending or selling our stock, which may further reduce its liquidity. This would also make it
more difficult for us to raise additional capital. 

We have never paid dividends on our common stock. 

We have never paid dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay
any dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that any funds available for payment of dividends will instead be re-invested into
the Company to further our business strategy. 

17 

Our authorized Preferred Stock could be issued under circumstances
that would adversely affect holders of our common stock. 

Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 10,000,000
shares of Preferred Stock with designations, rights and preferences determined from time to time by our Board of Directors. Accordingly,
our Board of Directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue those shares with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting,
or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of holders of our common stock. For example, those shares
could be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of our company.
Although no shares of Preferred Stock are currently outstanding and we have no present intention to issue any shares of Preferred Stock,
there is no assurance that we will not do so in the future. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We lease office and warehouse space of 11,566 square feet located at 23
Creek Circle, Boothwyn, PA 19061 at a current average rental of 111,612 per year. The lease was renewed in 2020 and expires in August
2026. This is the location of our principal offices and substantially all of our operations. The premises are in good condition and adequate
for our foreseeable needs. We believe our property is adequately insured. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None 

18 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market information. There is currently no established public trading
market for our common stock, and we do not expect such a market to develop in the foreseeable future. Trading in our stock to date has
been minimal and we have no reliable basis for reporting trading prices or bid prices. 

Holders of record. On April 4, 2023, there were 73 shareholders
of record of our common stock and one shareholder of record of our Nonvoting Common Stock. We have no information that indicates the number
of beneficial owners is materially higher. 

Dividend policy. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on
our stock. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the growth and development of our business and do not intend to pay any
cash dividends on our stock in the foreseeable future. Payment of dividends in the future, if any, will be made at the discretion of our
Board of Directors. Such decisions will depend on a number of factors, including our future earnings, capital requirements, financial
condition and future prospects and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022, with
respect to the equity compensation plan approved by security holders, the 2016 Stock Option Plan (the 2016 Plan under which
we have authorized 5,700,000 shares of our Non-voting common stock for issuance. 

Stock
 Option Plan 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted- 
 average 
 exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants 
 and rights (b) 
 Number
 of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for future issuance under equity 
 compensation plan (excluding 
 securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 2016 Plan 
 2,975,000
 (1) 
 
 .13
 (2) 
 2,725,000 

(1) Stock
options were granted on March 8, 2017 and on March 5, 2019 to employees with greater than one year of service as of those dates. 100,000
in options were granted to new hires as incentives upon hire in May 2021. All options were granted using a five-year vesting schedule
and as of April 4, 2023, no options have been exercised. 

(2) On
November 30, 2018, the Board of Directors determined that it was in the best interests of the Company to approve the reduction in the
exercise price of the options granted under the 2016 Plan before that date based on current valuation information available. The market
price of the Company s stock was determined to be .13 per share and the Board authorized the reduction of the option exercise price
to that amount from the original .28 per share. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not applicable. 

19 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 

Throughout this report we make forward-looking statements, 
as that term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include the words may, 
 will, could, would, likely, estimate, intend, plan, 
 continue, believe, expect, project or anticipate or the negative
of such terms and similar words and include all discussions about our ongoing or future plans, objectives or expectations. 

We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations
and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions
that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results,
levels of activity performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You should read this report completely
and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We do not plan to update forward-looking
statements unless applicable law requires us to do so, even though our situation or plans may change in the future. 

All future written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to
us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to
in this section or elsewhere in this report. In light of these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events
discussed in this report might not occur. Specific factors that might cause our actual results to differ from our expectations, might
cause us to modify our plans or objectives, or might affect our ability to meet our expectations include, but are not limited to those
identified in Item 1A. RISK FACTORS . The historical financial information contained in this section has been derived from
our financial statements and should be read together with the financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 

We were formed to develop and market our Poker Table, which is an electronic
poker table that provides a fully automated table gaming experience without a dealer in casinos and card rooms in regulated jurisdictions
worldwide. In 2009, we commenced the design, manufacture, marketing, sale and operation of slot machines to customers in various gaming
jurisdictions. When we expanded our products to include slot machines, we embarked on an initiative to market our slot machines to Native
American jurisdictions as well as the commercial casino marketplace and cruise lines. 

We are registered as an approved vendor to distribute our gaming products
in 69 jurisdictions. We must obtain regulatory approvals in many additional jurisdictions in order to fully effectuate our business plan.
We may not receive any such regulatory approvals. Due to these and a variety of other factors, including those described under RISK
FACTORS in Item 1A. of this report, we may be unable to generate significant revenues or margins, control operating expenses or
achieve or sustain profitability in future years. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations
are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates,
including those related to the valuation of equity awards issued. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions. 

20 

We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described
in Note 1 to our financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report, the following accounting policies involve a greater degree of
judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating
our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 

Revenue Recognition 

We generate revenue from leasing and selling our slot machines and from
sales of parts and certain services relating to our slot machines. We recognize revenue on sales of our products, net of rebates, discounts
and allowances, when an agreement exists, typically an approved sales proposal or contract, or upon receipt of customer s purchase
order, in which the sales price is fixed or determinable and when the performance obligations under that agreement have been completed.
This typically occurs when products are delivered and/or installed. If multiple units of the products are included in any one sale or
lease agreement or ancillary services are provided such as delivery, installation, or placement of the product on the gaming floor placement
fees ), revenue is allocated to each unit or service based upon its respective fair value against the total contract value, and
revenue recognition is deferred on those units or services until each of the performance obligation requirements under the applicable
section(s) of that agreement have been completed. 

Revenue generated under operating leases is recognized when the performance
obligation is satisfied. Lease agreements are based on either a fixed daily or monthly rate, or a pre-determined percentage of the monthly
net win or participation revenue collected for each slot machine, subject to monthly minimums and maximums. Customers under
fixed daily rate agreements are invoiced on the first day of the month at the agreed upon daily rate per unit for the number of days the
unit is leased during the month, typically the total number of days in the month. Customers under revenue agreements are invoiced when
participation reports are remitted to us detailing the monthly per unit and per theme information including coin-in, net win, and days
on the floor data. Revenue under both of these bases is recorded as lease revenue and recognized in the month to which the lease data
pertains. 

There may be instances in which a lease is offered to a customer with
the option to convert to a sale upon the completion of certain obligations such as a pre-determined paid or reduced-rate lease term
and/or a free-trial period. In addition, circumstances may arise in which a customer wishes to purchase machines after being on
lease at their facility. In all of these situations, the initial revenue is recorded as lease revenue as described above, and the
agreed upon sales price is shown as sales revenue when the lease is converted to a sale and all performance obligations of the sale
have been met. 

For sales of slot machines, a warranty on parts may be offered which expires
after a defined period of time, usually 90 days after delivery or installation date. One slot machine theme conversion per unit sold may
also be offered during the one-year period beginning upon the delivery and/or installation of the slot machine, and only if the slot game
fails to earn at least eighty percent of the rolling monthly slot machine gaming floor area average for the customer. The game theme must
be of the same category approved in the customer's gaming jurisdiction for use in the slot machine and the customer must provide written
notice requesting the conversion, including certification of the average that serves as the basis for any such game theme conversion.
In addition, the customer must return the original game theme components to the Company upon conversion of the slot game theme. 

The cost of the warrantied and theme conversion items is borne by the Company.
Historically, these costs have been immaterial and are expensed at time of issuance, however the Company has and will continue to assess
these post-sales costs to determine whether they constitute performance obligations and should be recorded at time of sale. A contract
asset is recorded when the performance obligations of the Company have been met and the customer has not been billed. A contract liability
is recorded when the Company has an obligation to transfer products or services to a customer for which consideration has been received. 

21 

Research and Development 

We expense internally developed software costs in accordance with guidance
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB with respect to research and development costs. All employee and product
costs associated with the development of our products are expensed until technological feasibility is reached. Technological feasibility
is established when a product design and a working model of the software product have been completed and the completeness of the working
model and its consistency with the product design have been confirmed by testing. 

Equity-based Compensation and Warrants 

We account for our stock-based employee compensation awards in accordance
with FASB issued guidance on transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services. The FASB guidance
also addresses transactions in which an entity incurs liabilities in exchange for goods or services that are based on the fair value of
the entity s equity instruments. We value stock options issued based upon the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and recognize this
value as an expense over the period in which the options vest. 

We estimate the fair value of each option award on the date of grant using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected volatility is based upon publicly traded companies with similar characteristics as us.
We use historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model. The expected term of options granted
represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual
life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Non-qualified stock options to purchase 500,000
shares of nonvoting common stock were granted during 2021. 

In connection with loans obtained by the Company, the lender holds a warrant
to purchase 7,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a price of .05 per share, expiring November 2029. The warrant is
detachable, may be exercised via cashless exercise however may not be exercised until or unless the lender is fully licensed in the Company s
gaming jurisdictions. The Company classified its warrant as a liability in accordance with the applicable guidance and was initially,
and will subsequently be, measured at its estimated fair value using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The warrant will continue to be
classified as a liability until such time it is exercised, expires or is amended in a manner that would no longer require classification
as a liability. 

Income Taxes 

We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that includes the enactment date.
The accounting for income taxes involves significant judgments and estimates and deals with complex tax regulations. When recognizable,
the recoverability of certain deferred tax assets is based in part on estimates of future income and the timing of temporary differences,
and the failure to fully realize such deferred tax assets could result in a higher tax provision in future periods. If, based on available
data, future estimated tax liabilities differ materially from our estimates, the resulting difference will be recorded in the period in
which they become known. 

Impairment of Long-lived Assets 

The Company reviews its long-lived assets, including property and equipment
and license fees, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be
fully recoverable. To determine the recoverability of its long-lived assets, including definite lived license fees, the Company evaluates
the probability that future undiscounted net cash flows, without interest charges, will be less than the carrying amount of the assets
or for identifiable intangibles with finite useful lives. In addition, the Company considers changes in our business strategy and the
industry as a whole in assessing recoverability of its long-lived assets. Any resulting impairment loss will be measured and recognized
in the period in which the impairment becomes known. Based on the Company s evaluation, there were no impairments for 2022 and 2021. 

22 

Assessment of Going Concern 

The Company is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events,
considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year after
the date that the financial statements are issued, taking into consideration the Company s current financial condition, conditional
and unconditional obligations due within one year and the funds and cash flow necessary to maintain operations. It is management s
responsibility to perform an evaluation for every reporting period presented. The financial statements contained herein were prepared
on a going concern basis. The going concern basis assumes that the company will continue in operation for at least the next twelve months
from the date our financial statements are issued and based on management s evaluation, will be able to realize its assets, discharge
its liabilities and commitments, and maintain positive working capital in the normal course of business. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In June 2016, the FASB issued the update Financial Instruments 
Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which changes the estimation of credit losses from an
 incurred loss methodology to one that reflects expected credit losses (the Current Expected Credit Loss model,
or CECL) which requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. Measurement
under CECL is based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and
supportable forecasts that affect collectability of reported amounts. The Company adopted this amendment in January 2022 which did not
have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 Compared
to Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 

 (All amounts are rounded to the nearest 1,000) 

Revenue 

The Company s revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were
 5,821,000 compared to 4,652,000 for the prior year, an increase of 1,169,000. This increase is attributable to the increase in sales
of slot machines and related parts which increased by 1,359,000 to 2,062,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 703,000
for the year ended December 31, 2021. Revenue from slot machine unit sales increased by 1,501,000, from 455,000 for the year ended December
31, 2021 to 1,956,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. This increase is mainly attributable to slot machine sales made under a distribution
agreement that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, which generated 654,000 in revenues. 

The increase is unit sales is partially offset by a decrease in parts sales,
mostly from larger parts sales to individual customers that occurred in the year ended December 31, 2021. Larger volume parts sales decreased
by 136,000, from 157,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 21,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Other parts sales decreased
by 6,000 to 85,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 91,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Lease and license fees decreased by 190,000 to 3,759,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 3,949,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was attributable to the decrease
in the average daily rate on our leased slot machines as a result of the pressure placed on our customers to reduce operating expenses
to combat the lingering effects of COVID-19, the sale of slot machines previously on lease, and the decrease in license fee revenue. 

Costs of Revenue 

Cost of products sold, which consists of the cost of slot machines and
parts inventory sold, for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,159,000 as compared to 369,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021,
an increase of 790,000 as a direct result of the increase in unit sales as described above. 

Depreciation on slot machine units out on lease decreased by 6,000 to
 1,137,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,143,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was the result of
slot machine units sold that were previously out on lease during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

License fees decreased by 16,000, from 21,000 for the year ended December
31, 2021 to 5,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 This is the direct result of the decrease in the correlating license revenues. 

23 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses increased by 177,000 to 461,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2022, from 284,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was the result of several factors: (1)
 71,000 in installation, repair and maintenance costs, and hardware and supplies due to the increase in the slot machine install base;
(2) 57,000 in payroll and related costs from the addition of a slot machine technician in 2022 and the application of PPP2 proceeds against
expenses in 2021; (3) 46,000 in freight as a result of the increase in the slot machine install base, slot machine unit sales and inventory
purchases; (4) 35,000 in license fees from the renegotiated patent cross license fee agreement that was reversed in November 2021; and
(5) 7,000 in inventory write-offs for units damaged in shipment. These increases were offset by decreases in rent 28,000), a result
of the lease liability amortization, and travel and other miscellaneous operating expenses 11,000). 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses increased by 239,000 to 642,000 for
the year ended December 31, 2022, from 403,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Research and development expenses are related
to the development of gaming equipment and consist mainly of payroll and related expenses for programmers and graphic artists and
the costs to acquire new brands. This increase is directly attributable to the increase in payroll and related expenses due to the addition
of one programmer in 2022 and two in 2021, as well as the application of PPP2 proceeds against payroll and related expenses that occurred
in 2021. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses were 2,278,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 323,000 from 1,955,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is the result of:
(1) payroll and related costs of 197,000 from the addition of a regional sales director in January 2022 and the application of PPP2 proceeds
in 2021; (2) 51,000 in travel, meals and entertainment from the personnel additions and elimination of travel restrictions due to COVID-19
in 2022; (3) 38,000 in regulatory license fees and locally imposed taxes from newly licensed and renewed jurisdictions; (4) trade show
costs of 29,000; (5) adjustment to rent of 22,000 as a result of the lease liability amortization; and (6) increase in business insurance
premiums of 19,000 offset by a decrease in professional fees of 33,000 from the reduction in audit fees. 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Depreciation and amortization decreased by 1,000 to 33,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2022 from 34,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a result of fully amortized and depreciated assets during the
year. 

24 

Gain (Loss) on Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability 

A 771,000 swing in fair value of the warrant liability was caused by the
change in the estimated fair market value of our common stock. The estimated fair value of our common stock increased as a result of the
improved performance during the year ended December 31, 2021. This resulted in a loss of 630,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021
versus a gain in fair value of the warrant liability of 141,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense decreased 93,000 from 732,000 for the year ended December
31, 2021 to 639,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of the paydown of principal on the notes payable and auto loan. 

Interest Income 

Interest income of 13,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 was the
result of interest received on the employee retention credit refunds as well as interest on installment sales. 

Income from Employee Retention Credits 

Income from tax retention credits increased 231,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 from -0- for the year ended December 31, 2021, the result of the refunds received in June 2022 from the Employee Retention
Tax credits under the CARES Act. 

Income Tax Expense 

Income tax expense decreased to 2,000 for the year ended December 31,
2022 from 3,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the decrease in state minimum income taxes that occurred in 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We realized a net loss of 150,000 and funded our working capital investments
and capital expenditures associated with our growth strategy with the revenue generated from leases and proceeds from the sales of our
gaming products. These transactions that occurred in 2022 and 2021 are described in more detail following the discussion of cash flows
below: 

Discussion of Statement of Cash Flows 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 920,000 
 1,290,000 
 (370,000 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (305,000 
 (952,000 
 647,000 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (748,000 
 (576,000 
 (172,000 
 
 Net decrease in cash 
 (133,000 
 (238,000 
 (105,000 
 
 Cash, beginning of year 
 1,620,000 
 1,858,000 

Cash, end of period 
 1,487,000 
 1,620,000 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by operating activities
decreased 370,000 to 920,000 as compared to 1,290,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash from operating activities
was due to the timing of payments to creditors, suppliers and vendors for inventory purchases and license agreements. 

25 

Net cash used in investing activities decreased by 647,000 to 305,000
for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 952,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash used in investing activities is primarily
the function of the net investment in property and equipment, principally slot machines used in our operations. This decrease in
cash used was due to the decrease in slot machines built and placed in service during the year, as well as the purchase of the delivery
truck in January 2021. 

Net cash used in financing activities was 748,000 for the year ended December
31, 2022, versus 576,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Proceeds of 78,000 were received for the auto loan taken during the year
ended December 31, 2021. Total principal payments on the notes and auto loan were 748,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 654,000
for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase in principal payments of 94,000. The decrease in the auto loan, coupled with the increase
in principal payments on the notes and the auto loan resulted in the net increase in cash used in financing activities of 172,000. 

Operations and Liquidity Management 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we sustained a net loss of 150,000
however we generated 920,000 in cash from operating activities and maintained and sustained a working capital surplus. 

Due to the ongoing effects of the outbreak of the novel coronavirus disease
(COVID-19), and the continued waves of variants and subvariants of COVID-19, the Company s operations have been significantly impacted.
In the aftermath of COVID-19, customers may continue to lose patrons due to fears about being in public and potential exposure to COVID-19
or future pandemics. Customers may experience significant losses due to the COVID-19 outbreak and may terminate their existing contracts
or postpone or ultimately cancel future planned orders and contracts due to those losses. Travel may be restricted to certain areas which
may limit our ability to obtain new customers or jurisdictions, or to provide services in those areas in which our customers are currently
located. We may experience a shortage of labor due to quarantine or prolonged illness within our own organization or at supplier or customer
locations. 

The situation surrounding COVID-19 continues to be fluid and the ability
to measure the degree to which COVID-19 has and will continue to impact the Company s performance in its aftermath will depend on
the duration and spread of COVID-19 and its variants and sub-variants, as well as any future restrictions placed on us or our customers
due to the outbreak, whether mandated or recommended. The generation of cash flow sufficient to meet our cash needs in the future will
depend on our ability to continue to obtain the regulatory approvals required to distribute our products and successfully market them
to casinos, the development of new slot machine themes and new cabinets that are appealing to our customers and their patrons, and the
effects of COVID-19 on us, our customers, and suppliers. 

Prior to the outbreak of COVID-19, our operating cash requirements were
approximately 260,000 to 300,000 per month, principally for salaries, professional services, licenses, marketing, office expenses, approximately
 500,000 for the purchase of the hardware components for our products, and 110,000 for debt service. The full effects of COVID-19 on
our revenues cannot be projected at this time, however, we have employed aggressive expense management measures and received funding through
participation in the federal PPP and ERC programs that have enabled us to mitigate the adverse impact COVID-19 has had on our performance. 

As of December 31, 2022, our cash balance was 1,487,000 and our current
gross cash requirements are approximately 270,000 to 300,000 per month, principally for payroll and related expenses, professional services,
occupancy, and office expenses and 111,000 for debt service. We currently have adequate inventory to meet existing orders awaiting shipment
and expected future orders and believe that the purchase of hardware components for our products will not be necessary for several months. 

Anticipating that the effects from the latest surge of COVID-19 will be
temporary, continued improvement in performance is projected for 2023 with slot machine installs projected to increase to pre-COVID levels
by year s end. Beyond 2023, the Company is anticipating growth in the install base and additional unit sales, penetration into markets
in newly licensed jurisdictions, as well as the continued deployment of the current and additional new cabinet designs with new themes
meant to maximize the player s gaming experience. We expect that the effects of COVID-19 on our operations will be temporary and
we will continue to have the ability to meet our obligations. Based on our cash flow projections and anticipated revenues, we believe
we have sufficient cash flow to support our operations for the next twelve months. 

26 

Our ability to sell or license our products on a large scale in the future
may require additional financing for working capital. There is no assurance that such additional financing would be available to us, if
at all, on reasonable terms, particularly for the reasons discussed above in the RISK FACTORS item. Our inability to obtain
such financing on terms that allow us to lease our products profitably would hamper our ability to distribute our products on a large
scale. 

Contractual Obligations 

The table below sets forth our known contractual obligations as of December
31, 2022: 

Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1 - 3 years 
 3 - 5 years 
 More than 5 years 

Operating lease obligations (1) 
 355,360 
 83,884 
 196,632 
 74,844 

Auto loan obligations (2) 
 52,149 
 15,504 
 33,691 
 2,954 

Debt obligations (3) 
 3,956,899 
 790,371 
 3,166,528 

Total 
 4,364,408 
 889,759 
 3,396,851 
 77,798 

(1) 
 Represents operating lease agreement for office and warehouse facility. 
 
 (2) 
 Represents outstanding amounts on auto loan. 
 
 (3) 
 Represents outstanding amounts on notes payable. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, there were no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Not Applicable. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 The following is a list of financial statements filed herewith: 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 

27 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of Lightning Gaming Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matters are matters arising
from the current period audit of the financial statements that are required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate
to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

 We did not identify any critical audit matters
that need to be communicated. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

Margate, Florida 
 April 4, 2023 
 
 ASSURANCE DIMENSIONS CERTIFIED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ASSOCIATES 

 also d/b/a McNAMARA and ASSOCIATES, PLLC 

 TAMPA BAY : 4920 W Cypress Street, Suite
102 | Tampa, FL 33607| Office: 813.443.5048 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 JACKSONVILLE : 4720 Salisbury Road, Suite
223 | Jacksonville, FL 32256 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 ORLANDO: 1800 Pembrook Drive, Suite
300 | Orlando, FL 32810 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 SOUTH FLORIDA : 2000 Banks Road, Suite
218 | Margate, FL 33063 | Office: 754.800.3400 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 www.assurancedimensions.com 

28 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 
 1,486,852 
 1,619,572 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 912,090 
 781,646 
 
 Inventory 
 484,955 
 834,264 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 168,024 
 212,499 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 3,051,921 
 3,447,981 

Property and Equipment, net 
 2,279,834 
 3,372,898 

Right-of-use asset building, net 
 313,747 
 383,000 
 
 Long-term accounts receivable 
 96,992 

Other assets 
 8,193 
 8,193 
 
 License fees, net of accumulated amortization 
 12,800 
 32,950 

Total Assets 
 5,763,487 
 7,245,022 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

29 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 
 51,378 
 519,239 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 167,058 
 125,584 
 
 Accrued interest 
 93 
 188 
 
 Current portion of lease liability 
 83,884 
 75,239 
 
 Current portion of auto loan 
 15,504 
 14,669 
 
 Current portion of note payable, net of debt discount 
 790,371 
 683,484 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 1,108,288 
 1,418,403 

Long-Term Debt and Other Liabilities 

Long-term notes payable, net of debt discount 
 3,166,528 
 3,956,899 
 
 Long-term portion of auto loan 
 36,645 
 52,147 
 
 Fair value of warrant liability 
 573,436 
 714,350 
 
 Long-term lease liability 
 271,476 
 355,360 
 
 Total Long-Term Debt and Other Liabilities 
 4,048,085 
 5,078,756 

Total Liabilities 
 5,156,373 
 6,497,159 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9) 

Stockholders' Equity 

Preferred stock: 0.001 par value; authorized 10,000,000 shares, Series A Nonvoting capital stock 6,000,000 shares authorized, -0- shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock: 0.001 par value; authorized 90,000,000 shares; 4,916,285 shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, 4,649,383 shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 4,917 
 4,917 

Nonvoting common stock: 0.001 par value; authorized 50,000,000 shares; 33,300,000 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 33,300 
 33,300 

Additional paid in capital 
 30,656,371 
 30,647,509 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (30,066,663 
 (29,917,052 
 
 Treasury stock, 266,902 shares, at cost 
 (20,811 
 (20,811 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity 
 607,114 
 747,863 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 5,763,487 
 7,245,022 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

30 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

Lease, license and service fees 
 3,758,502 
 3,948,945 
 
 Sales of gaming products and parts 
 2,062,236 
 702,697 
 
 Total revenues 
 5,820,738 
 4,651,642 

Costs of Revenue 

Cost of products sold 
 1,158,659 
 369,099 
 
 License fees 
 5,355 
 20,860 
 
 Depreciation 
 1,137,196 
 1,143,139 
 
 Costs of Revenue 
 2,301,210 
 1,533,098 

Gross Profit 
 3,519,528 
 3,118,544 

Costs and operating expenses 

Operating expenses 
 460,732 
 283,988 
 
 Research and development 
 641,584 
 402,955 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 2,278,050 
 1,955,205 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 33,144 
 34,434 
 
 Total costs and operating expenses 
 3,413,510 
 2,676,582 

Operating income 
 106,018 
 441,962 

Non-operating income (expense) 

Gain (loss) on change in fair value of warrant liability 
 140,914 
 (629,679 
 
 Interest expense 
 (638,854 
 (731,738 
 
 Interest income 
 12,752 
 194 
 
 Income from employee retention credits 
 231,059 

Total non-operating (expense) 
 (254,129 
 (1,361,223 
 
 Net (loss) before income taxes 
 (148,111 
 (919,261 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (1,500 
 (3,219 
 
 Net (loss) 
 (149,611 
 (922,480 
 
 Net (loss) per common share - basic 
 (0.00 
 (0.02 
 
 Net (loss) per common share diluted 
 (0.00 
 (0.02 
 
 Weighted average Series A Nonvoting shares outstanding-basic and diluted 

Weighted average Common shares outstanding basic and diluted 
 4,649,383 
 4,649,383 
 
 Weighted average Nonvoting Common shares outstanding basic and diluted 
 33,300,000 
 33,300,000 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

31 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders'
Equity 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 
 Nonvoting Common Stock 
 Additional Paid In 
 Accumulated 
 Treasury Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Shares 
 Amount 

Total 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 
 4,916,285 
 4,917 
 33,300,000 
 33,300 
 30,595,461 
 (28,994,572 
 266,902 
 (20,811 
 1,618,295 
 
 Net loss 

(922,480 

(922,480 
 
 Stock based compensation 

52,048 

52,048 
 
 Balance December 31, 2021 
 4,916,285 
 4,917 
 33,300,000 
 33,300 
 30,647,509 
 (29,917,052 
 266,902 
 (20,811 
 747,863 
 
 Net loss 

(149,611 

(149,611 
 
 Stock based compensation 

8,862 

8,862 
 
 Balance December 31, 2022 
 4,916,285 
 4,917 
 33,300,000 
 33,300 
 30,656,371 
 (30,066,663 
 266,902 
 (20,811 
 607,114 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

32 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from operating activities 

Net loss 
 (149,611 
 (922,480 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 
 1,170,340 
 1,177,573 
 
 Inventory obsolescence reserve 
 
 11,247 
 
 Stock based compensation 
 8,862 
 52,048 
 
 (Gain) loss on change in fair value of warrant liability 
 (140,914 
 629,679 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 
 50,011 
 52,261 
 
 Changes in Assets and Liabilities 

Increase in accounts receivable 
 (227,436 
 (360,199 
 
 Decrease in inventory 
 597,026 
 442,587 
 
 Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses 
 44,475 
 (1,161 
 
 Decrease in deposits with vendors 
 
 3,704 
 
 Net change in right-of-use asset/lease liability 
 (5,986 
 22,350 
 
 (Decrease) increase in accounts payable 
 (467,861 
 229,515 
 
 Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses 
 41,474 
 (47,103 
 
 (Decrease) increase in accrued interest 
 (94 
 188 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 920,286 
 1,290,209 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of equipment 
 (304,843 
 (919,475 
 
 Increase in intangible assets 
 
 (32,500 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 (304,843 
 (951,975 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from auto loan 
 
 78,248 
 
 Repayment on notes payable 
 (733,495 
 (643,379 
 
 Payments on auto loan 
 (14,668 
 (11,432 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (748,163 
 (576,563 

Net decrease in cash 
 (132,720 
 (238,329 
 
 Cash beginning 
 1,619,572 
 1,857,901 
 
 Cash ending 
 1,486,852 
 1,619,572 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

33 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Financing Activities: 

Transfers of inventory, licenses and equipment, net 
 247,717 
 139,550 

Supplemental Information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 
 588,937 
 679,289 
 
 Income taxes 
 1,910 
 2,155 

34 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 1. Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Nature of Business : Lightning Gaming, Inc. (the Company was incorporated on March 1, 2007 and on January 29, 2008, completed a merger with Lightning Poker, Inc. Lightning Poker which became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Lightning Poker was formed to manufacture and market a fully automated,
proprietary electronic poker table (the Poker Table to commercial and tribal casinos, card clubs, and other gaming and
lottery venues. 

In 2008, the Company, as the sole member, established Lightning Slot Machines,
LLC Lightning Slots through which it commenced the design, manufacture, marketing, sale, and operation of slot machines
to customers in various gaming jurisdictions. 

Our consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company, including Lightning Poker and Lightning Slots. All inter-company
accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a net loss
of 149,611 however it generated cash flows from operations, has sufficient inventory to fill outstanding lease and sales orders, and
has maintained and sustained working capital surpluses. Due to the ongoing effects of the outbreak of the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19),
and the continued waves of variants and subvariants of COVID-19, the Company s operations have been significantly impacted. The
ability to measure the degree to which COVID-19 will continue to impact the Company s performance in its aftermath will depend on
the duration and spread of COVID-19 and its variants and sub-variants, as well as any continued or future restrictions placed on us or
our customers due to the outbreak, whether mandated or recommended. 

In 2021, we received 237,030 in funding under the second round of federal
Paycheck Protection Program PPP2 ), the loan program through the Small Business Administration SBA as part
of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act, that helped to lessen the impact of COVID-19 for eligible
expenses under the program. Under the Taxpayer Certainty and Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2020 enacted in December 2020, certain provisions
of the CARES Act were modified with respect to the Employee Retention Credit ERC which provided a refundable credit paid
on qualified wages, extended the application of the ERC to wages paid after December 31, 2020 and before July 1, 2021, and amended qualifications
for eligible employers who could apply for the ERC. Under the revised provisions, the Company qualified for application of the ERC on
qualified wages for the period March 13, 2020 through June 30, 2021 and we submitted the request for refunds under the ERC in February
2022. In June 2022, we received ERC refunds totaling 231,059. See Note 7 for further details regarding the PPP2 loan and Note
12 for further details regarding the ERC. 

In addition to the PPP loan proceeds and the ERC refunds, aggressive expense
management was and continues to be employed to mitigate the adverse impact that COVID-19 has had on our operations and performance. We
anticipate that the effects of COVID-19 on our operations will be temporary and we will continue to have the ability to meet our obligations,
however the Company s future performance will depend on the duration of COVID-19 and the Company s ability to distribute its
products and successfully market them to more casinos and gaming venues. 

Although we realized a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, based
on our working capital surplus, financial condition, cash flow projections, anticipated revenues and financing agreements, we believe
we have sufficient cash flows to support our operations for the next twelve months, however if supplemental financing becomes necessary,
there is no assurance that the Company would be able to obtain such financing, on reasonable and feasible terms, or at all. If the Company
needs additional funding and is 

35 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 1. Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
(Continued) 

unable to obtain it, its financial condition would be adversely affected.
In that event, it would have to postpone or discontinue planned operations and projects for expansion. The Company s continuance
as a going concern is dependent upon these factors, among others. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

A summary of the Company s significant accounting policies is as
follows: 

Revenue Recognition : The Company generates revenue from leasing
and selling slot machines and from sales of parts and certain services relating to the slot machines. Revenue is recognized on sales of
products, net of rebates, discounts and allowances, when an agreement exists, typically an approved sales proposal or contract, or upon
receipt of customer s purchase order, in which the sales price is fixed or determinable and when the performance obligations under
that agreement have been completed. If multiple units of the products are included in any one sale or lease agreement or ancillary services
are provided such as delivery, installation, or placement of the product on the gaming floor placement fees ), revenue is
allocated to each unit or service based upon its respective fair value against the total contract value, and revenue recognition is deferred
on those units or services until each of the performance obligation requirements under the applicable section(s) of that agreement have
been completed. 

Revenue generated under operating leases is recognized when the
performance obligation is satisfied. Lease agreements are based on either a fixed daily or monthly rate, or a pre-determined
percentage of the monthly net win or participation revenue collected for each slot machine, subject to monthly
minimums and maximums. Customers under fixed daily rate agreements are invoiced on the first day of the month at the agreed upon
daily rate per unit for the number of days the unit is leased during the month, typically the total number of days in the month.
Customers under revenue agreements are invoiced when participation reports are remitted to us detailing the monthly per unit per
theme information including coin-in, net win, and days on the floor data. Revenue under both of these bases is recorded as lease
revenue and recognized in the month to which the lease data pertains. 

There may be instances in which a lease is offered to a customer with the
option to convert to a sale upon the completion of certain obligations such as a pre-determined paid or reduced-rate lease term and/or
a free-trial period. In addition, circumstances may arise in which a customer wishes to purchase machines after being on lease at their
facility. In all of these situations, the initial revenue is recorded as lease revenue as described above, and the agreed upon sales price
is shown as sales revenue when the lease is converted to a sale and all performance obligations of the sale have been met. 

For sales of slot machines, a warranty on parts may be offered which expires
after a defined period of time, usually 90 days after delivery or installation date. One slot machine theme conversion per unit sold may
also be offered during the one-year period beginning upon the delivery and/or installation of the slot machine, and only if the slot game
fails to earn at least eighty percent of the rolling monthly slot machine gaming floor area average for the customer. The game theme must
be of the same category approved in the customer's gaming jurisdiction for use in the slot machine and the customer must provide written
notice requesting the conversion, including certification of the average that serves as the basis for any such game theme conversion.
In addition, the customer must return the original game theme components to the Company upon conversion of the slot game theme. 

For the years 2022 and 2021, there was no revenue generated from customers
outside the United States. Four and two casino customers accounted for 36 and 13 of our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. One casino group represented 17 and 14 of total revenues for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded no revenues related to performance obligations
from prior periods. 

36 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 1. Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
(Continued) 

Use of Estimates : The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. 

Significant estimates include the
recoverable value of long-lived assets, allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation of warrant liability fair value and projected cash
flows. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash : For the purposes of reporting the statement of cash flows,
the Company considers all cash accounts and highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less
to be cash equivalents. The Company maintained and will maintain cash balances with highly reputable financial institutions, which at
times throughout the year exceeded the federally insured amount of 250,000. The Company has not experienced any losses from deposits
above the federally insured amount and the amount of funds in excess of the federally insured amount was 1,052,654 as of December 31,
2022. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk : Financial instruments that subject
us to credit risk primarily consist of cash and trade receivables. The Company s credit risk is managed by investing cash primarily
in high-quality financial institutions. Accounts receivable include amounts owed by various customers and groups of customers. No collateral
is required. Accounts receivable are not sold or factored. The Company regularly reviews its trade receivables current expected
credit losses in determining its allowance for doubtful accounts and believes its credit and collection polices mitigate its credit risk
relative to accounts receivable. 

Receivables and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts : The Company regularly
evaluates the collectability of its trade receivable balances based on a combination of factors. When a customer s account becomes
past due, dialogue is initiated with the customer to determine the cause. If it is determined that the customer will be unable to meet
its financial obligation to us, such as in the case of a bankruptcy filing, deterioration in the customer s operating results, financial
position, or other material events impacting its business, a specific reserve is recorded for bad debts to reduce the related receivable
to the amount expected to be recovered, given all information presently available. Except for this reserve, the Company believes its receivables
are collectible. If circumstances related to specific customers change, our estimates of the recoverability of receivables could materially
change. Recoveries of receivables previously written off are recorded as revenue when recovered. Delinquency of accounts receivable is
determined based on contractual terms, customer payment history, and current creditworthiness. The Company does not charge interest on
its past due receivables. 

Installments on receivables from sales contracts with maturities greater
than one year are classified as long-term accounts receivable. 

Under CECL, the Company determined that a weighted average reserve of .5 
of the outstanding accounts receivable balance was sufficient to cover unexpected credit losses and maintained a reserve of 6,593 as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company wrote
off -0- of accounts receivable considered to be uncollectible. 

At December 31, 2022, accounts receivable from two casino customers represented
54 of total accounts receivable. At December 31, 2021, four casino customers represented 45 of total accounts receivable. One customer
represented 36 and 13 of the total accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

37 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 1. Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
(Continued) 

License Fees: Licensee fees are amortized on a straight-line basis
over the life of the respective license, which ranges from one to three years. 

Patents : The Company expenses legal fees and application costs related
to its patent application process. There is a high degree of uncertainty in the outcome of approval for any of our patents. Once the patents
are approved, any costs incurred to defend and register these patents will be capitalized. 

Research and Development : Research and development costs are charged
to expense when incurred and are included in the Statement of Operations until technological feasibility is reached. Technological feasibility
is established when a product design and a working model of the software product have been completed and the completeness of the working
model and its consistency with the product design have been confirmed by testing. These expenses include internally developed software
costs as well as employee and 

 product costs associated with the development of our products. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, no amounts had been capitalized. 

Inventory : Inventory is stated at the lower of cost using the first-in,
first-out method, net realizable value. 

Fair Value Measurements : Given their short-term nature and
expected maturity, the carrying amounts reported in these financial statements for cash, prepaid and other current assets, accounts
payable, and accrued expenses approximate fair value. 

Accounting Standards Codification ASC 820 Fair
Value Measurement defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. ASC 820 further establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the
inputs used in valuation techniques into the following three levels, giving the highest priority to Level 1 inputs and the lowest priority
to Level 3 inputs: 

Level 1: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that the reporting
entity can access at the measurement date; 

Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that
are observable, either directly or indirectly; 
 
 Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, including significant assumptions of the reporting
entity and other market participants. 

The fair value of and the methodology used by the Company for the warrant
liability is discussed in Note 10 . 

Property and Equipment : Property and equipment are recorded at cost.
Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of three to five years. Leasehold improvements are
amortized over the life of the lease or the useful life of the improvement if less. 

Income Taxes : Deferred taxes are provided on a liability method
whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable
temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax
bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes
in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

38 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 1. Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
(Continued) 

Income Taxes (Continued) 

The Company has assessed its tax position and does not believe there are
any uncertain tax positions. Our policy is to record interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits as additional income
taxes in the Statement of Operations. The Company has determined that there are no unrecognized tax benefits, and accordingly, has not
recognized any interest or penalties during 2022 and 2021 related to unrecognized tax benefits. There is no accrual for interest or penalties
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The Company files U.S. income tax returns and multiple state income tax
returns. With few exceptions, the U.S. and state income tax returns filed for the tax years ending on December 31, 2019 and thereafter
are subject to examination by the relevant taxing authorities. 

Advertising : The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred.
There was no advertising expense in 2022 or 2021. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets : The Company reviews its long-lived
assets, including property and equipment and license fees, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. To determine the recoverability of its long - lived assets, including
definite lived license fees, the Company evaluates the probability that future undiscounted net cash flows, without interest charges,
will be less than the carrying amount of the assets or for identifiable intangibles with finite useful lives. The evaluation performed
for 2022 and 2021 did not result in an impairment. 

Going Concern : The
Company evaluates whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued, taking into consideration
the quantitative and qualitative information regarding the Company s current financial condition, conditional and unconditional
obligations due and the funds and cash flow necessary to maintain operations within that time period. 

Based on management s evaluation, the Company will be able to continue
in operation on a going concern basis for at least the next twelve months from the date these financial statements are issued. 

Stock Option Plans : The Company has equity-based compensation plans
which are more fully described in Note 10 . Compensation expense is recognized over the required service period. All options have
been granted with an exercise price equal to the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 

Warrants: As explained in further detail in Notes 5 and 10 ,
in connection with loans obtained by the Company, the lender holds a warrant to purchase shares of common stock. The Company accounts
for the value and classification of the warrant in accordance with ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, and classified
the warrant as a liability and was initially, and will subsequently be, measured at its estimated fair value using the Black-Scholes pricing
model. The warrant will continue to be classified as a liability until such time it is exercised, expires or is amended in a manner that
would no longer require classification as a liability. 

Earnings per share: The Company computes earnings per share in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles which require presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share EPS on the face of the Statement of Operations. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average
number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts
to issue common stock were exercised or converted to common stock. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for the 

39 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 1. Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
(Continued) 

Earnings per share (Continued) 

period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased
from the exercise of stock options and warrants. 

The Company uses the two-class method in computing earnings per share.
Under the two-class method, undistributed earnings are allocated among common and participating shares to the extent each security may
share in such earnings. 

In computing earnings per share, the Company's Nonvoting Stock is considered
a participating security. Each share of Nonvoting Stock has identical rights, powers, limitations and restrictions in all respects as
each share of common stock of the Company including the right to receive the same consideration per share payable in respect of each share
of common stock, except that holders of Nonvoting Stock shall have no voting rights or powers whatsoever. 

The following table summarizes the number of dilutive shares, which may
dilute future earnings per share, outstanding for each of the periods presented: 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
2021 
 
 Stock options 
 2,975,000 
 2,975,000 
 
 Warrant 
 7,000,000 
 7,000,000 

9,975,000 
 9,975,000 

Note 2. Inventory 

Inventory consisted of the following: 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Finished products 
 360,301 
 613,939 
 
 Raw materials 
 124,654 
 220,325 
 
 Inventory 
 484,955 
 834,264 

Inventory is stated at the lower of cost using the first-in, first-out
method, or net realizable value. 

During 2018, the Company started using a new slot machine cabinet design
for lease and sale. The cabinets, which are manufactured by a third-party and include monitors, toppers, stands and certain electronic
components, are shown as finished products. Raw materials primarily consist of the flash drives, motherboards, spare parts and interchangeable
electronic components for the slot machines. 

In December 2021, parts and cabinets remaining in inventory that were associated
with the former slot machine cabinet design in use prior to the implementation of the new design in 2018, and parts that were initially
purchased for the new cabinet design and were deemed unusable, were determined to be obsolete and were destroyed and discarded. The cost
of the discarded inventory was 11,247 and is included in the Statements of Operations under operating expenses. 

40 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 3. Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment consisted of the following: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Equipment, principally gaming equipment 
 5,990,537 
 6,150,286 
 
 Delivery truck 
 78,247 
 78,247 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 89,162 
 89,162 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 91,794 
 91,794 
 
 Property and equipment 
 6,249,740 
 6,409,489 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 (3,969,906 
 (3,036,591 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 2,279,834 
 3,372,898 

In July 2021, the Company determined that the slot machines that were built
using the former slot machine cabinet design and that had previously been out on lease and returned from customers, had no further use
to the Company and no resale or scrap value and were destroyed and discarded. Ancillary items associated with these slot machines were
also determined to have no resale or scrap value. The cost of the slot machines and associated items that were scrapped was 153,891 with
a net book value of -0-. 

Depreciation expense related to the gaming equipment under lease is listed
separately in the consolidated Statements of Operations as costs of revenue. Depreciation expense related to all other property and equipment
included in the consolidated Statements of Operations was 33,144 and 32,212 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Note 4. License Fees 

License fees consist of the following: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 
2021 
 
 Purchased licenses 
 410,746 
 379,660 
 
 Less accumulated amortization 
 (397,946 
 (346,710 
 
 License fees, net 
 12,800 
 32,950 

Under a patent cross license agreement with a licensor amended on
November 30, 2021, the Company is required to pay a per unit license fee on games (slot machines) placed in service, each
identifiable by a unique serial number. In December 2021, the Company paid 32,500 upfront for the first 50 machines to be deployed
under the amended agreement, with subsequent fees due and payable on a quarterly basis and based on machines initially deployed in
the preceding calendar quarter. The 650 per unit fee for the licenses is added to the cost of slot machines as they are built for
sale or lease. The remaining per unit license fee as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 12,350 and 32,500, respectively. See Note
9 for further details regarding the patent cross license agreement. 

The weighted average useful life of purchased source code licenses is 3
years. Amortization expense included in the consolidated Statements of Operations and relating to the purchased licenses was 2,222 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. The purchased source code license was fully amortized as of September 30, 2021. 

41 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 5. Notes Payable 

On November 27, 2019 (the Closing Date ), the Company entered
into a Master Loan Agreement (the Loan with PDS Gaming Nevada, LLC PDS Gaming or the Lender to make a series of advances under the Loan in the principal amount of up to 7,000,000 in order to (i) re-finance existing outstanding
indebtedness of the Company which totaled 3,765,792, (ii) finance the Company s purchase or manufacturing of equipment and (iii)
to be used for general working capital. The Loan is evidenced by Promissory Notes (each a Note and collectively the Notes executed by the Company payable to the order of the Lender, and is secured by a Security Agreement dated of even date with the Loan, between
the Company and the Lender granting a security interest to the Lender in all of the Company s right, title and interest in and to
personal property, tangible and intangible, wherever located or situated and whether now owned or acquired or created. The Loan was advanced,
in parts, pursuant to the Loan and in the amounts of each Note during the advance period which ran until November 30, 2020. 

The Notes bear interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate
per annum equal to an annual rate of 13 . Payments consisting of principal and interest for each advance financed under the Note are
due and payable monthly based on an 84-month amortization and mature in 60 months. Each Note is prepayable subject to a sliding
scale prepayment fee, declining 1 from 4 in the first twelve months to 0 after the 48 th month, based on
then-outstanding principal amount of the Note. 

The initial advance dated November 27, 2019 is evidenced by a Note in the
principal amount of 5,000,000 Advance 9 ). Monthly payments of 91,616 on Advance 9 commenced on January 1, 2020 and will
mature on December 1, 2024. On January 29, 2020, the Company closed on Advance 10 under the Loan with PDS Gaming which is evidenced by
a Note in the principal amount of 1,000,000. Monthly payments of 18,309 commenced on March 1, 2020, and the Note matures on February
1, 2025. 

As inducement to the Lender to make the Loan, the Company issued to the
Lender a warrant Warrant entitling the Lender to purchase up to 7,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company which
is equal to 15.6 of the outstanding common stock on the Closing Date. The Warrant is detachable with an exercise price of 0.05 per share
and expires ten years from the Closing Date. The Warrant cannot be exercised until PDS Gaming is fully licensed in all of the Company s
gaming jurisdictions. The Company calculated the fair value of the Warrant to be 779,901 at the time of issuance using the Black-Scholes
pricing model, and under ASC 480, recorded the Warrant as a liability. See Note 10 for further details regarding the Warrant. 

On the Closing Date, the Company recorded the percentage of the Loan remaining
for advance in proportion to the total Loan, i.e. 2/7 2,000,000/ 7,000,000) or 28.6 or 229,829, as a deferred debt commitment fee
which was amortized on a straight-line basis until the end of the advance period which expired on November 30, 2020. In January 2020,
a 10,000 loan fee was paid to the Lender and the fee as well as the proportionate amount of the unamortized deferred fee attributable
to the 1,000,000 advance of 92,845 were reclassified as debt discount and are being amortized over the life of the advance using the
interest method. The balance of the debt discount attributable to the advance taken in January 2020 was 38,006 and 59,701 as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Debt discount of 137,509 was calculated as the cost associated with the
debt in proportion to the total cost of the debt that was refinanced or reacquired and is presented as a direct reduction to the value
of the debt and is being amortized over the life of the advance using the interest method. The balance of the debt discount attributable
to the advance taken on November 27, 2019 was 45,659 and 73,975 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

42 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 5. Notes Payable (Continued) 

The Loan is subject to covenant clauses whereby the Company is required
to meet certain key financial ratios. Due to the material effect that COVID-19 has had on the Company s revenues, the Lender amended
the Loan in September 2020, providing a waiver of compliance with the financial ratio covenants and extending and resetting the compliance
with the covenants until the quarter ending June 30, 2021. Due to the continued impact of COVID-19 on the Company s operations,
the Lender executed a second amendment to the Loan in March 2021, which waived compliance with the financial ratio covenants and further
extended and reset compliance with the covenants commencing with the quarter ending December 31, 2021. In August 2022, the Lender executed
a third amendment which reset the financial ratio covenants through June 30, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is in compliance
with the amended financial ratio covenants. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Notes payable, net of debt discount,
consist of the following: 

Advance Date 
 Maturity Date 
 Note Amount 
 Monthly Payment 
 Interest Rate 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

PDS Gaming Advance 9 
 11/27/2019 
 12/1/2024 
 5,000,000 
 91,616 
 13 
 3,303,936 
 3,889,153 
 
 PDS Gaming Advance 10 
 1/29/2020 
 2/1/2025 
 1,000,000 
 18,309 
 13 
 652,963 
 751,230 

Total Notes Payable 

3,956,899 
 4,640,383 
 
 Less: amounts classified as current 

(790,371 
 (683,484 
 
 Long-Term Notes Payable 

3,166,528 
 3,956,899 

The following table lists the future principal payments, net of debt discount,
due on the Notes as of December 31, 2022: 

Year Ending December 31, 
 Amount 
 
 2023 
 790,371 
 
 2024 
 2,768,025 
 
 2025 
 398,503 

3,956,899 

The following table provides a breakdown of the interest expense related
to the Notes payable as included in the consolidated Statements of Operations: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Interest on Notes payable 
 585,605 
 675,721 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 
 50,011 
 52,261 

635,616 
 727,982 

43 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 6. Auto Loan 

On January 30, 2021, the Company financed the purchase of a 2021 Ford F-650
box truck to be used as its delivery truck. The purchase price of the truck of 78,248 was financed with Ford Credit FC for a term of sixty months at an annual percentage rate of 5.54 . Monthly payments of 1,500 commenced March 16, 2021. Interest expense
in the consolidated Statements of Operations related to the auto loan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was
 3,238 and 3,756. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal balance of the auto loan
was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Total Auto Loan 
 52,149 
 66,816 
 
 Less: amounts classified as current 
 (15,504 
 (14,669 
 
 Long-Term Portion of Auto Loan 
 36,645 
 52,147 

The following table lists the future principal payments due to FC on the
auto loan as of December 31, 2022: 

Year Ending December 31, 
 Amount 
 
 2023 
 15,504 
 
 2024 
 16,378 
 
 2025 
 17,313 
 
 2026 
 2,954 

52,149 

Note 7. Deferred Income 

In March 2020, Congress established the Paycheck Protection Program PPP to provide relief to small businesses during the coronavirus pandemic COVID-19 as part of the
Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act. The legislation authorized Treasury to use the Small
Business Association s SBA s 7(a) small business lending program to fund forgivable loans that
qualifying businesses could spend to cover payroll, mortgage interest, rent, and utilities during the Covered Period 
defined as the 8-week period starting on the date the PPP loan proceeds are received. Upon meeting certain criteria as specified in
the PPP program, the loans are eligible for partial or total forgiveness. 

On June 5, 2020, the PPP Flexibility Act of 2020 (the Act was signed into law, giving borrowers flexibility with certain criteria under the PPP program including extension of the Covered Period
to 24 weeks from 8 weeks, reduction to 60 of the payroll costs requirement (previously 75 ), extension of the payment deferral period,
extension of the full-time equivalent FTE restoration deadline to December 31, 2020, and safe harbor provisions to remove
the FTE reduction in forgiveness under limited circumstances. 

In June 2020, the AICPA issued Technical Question and Answer TQA 3200.18, Borrower Accounting for a Forgivable Loan Received Under the Small Business Administration Paycheck
Protection Program . The TQA addresses accounting for nongovernmental entities that are not Not-For-Profits, i.e. business
entities, that believe the PPP loan represents, in substance, a grant that is expected to be forgiven, it may account for the loan
as a deferred income liability. The TQA further states that if such an entity expects to 

44 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 7. Deferred Income (Continued) 

meet the PPP s eligibility criteria and concludes that the PPP loan
represents in substance, a grant that is expected to be forgiven, it may analogize to International Accounting Standard IAS 20 to account for the PPP loan. 

IAS 20 provides a model for the accounting of different forms of government
assistance, which includes forgivable loans. Under this model, government assistance is not recognized until there is reasonable assurance
(similar to the probable threshold in U.S. GAAP) that any conditions attached to the assistance will be met and the assistance will be
received. Once there is reasonable assurance that the conditions will be met, the earnings impact of the grant is recorded on a systematic
basis over the periods in which the entity recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Hence,
a business entity would record the cash inflow from the PPP loan as a deferred income liability and subsequently reduce the liability,
with the offset through earnings as either a credit in the income statement or a reduction of the related expenses, as it recognizes the
related cost to which the loan relates, for example, payroll expense. 

In December 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations Act was passed providing
additional COVID-19 relief to small businesses by providing a second round of PPP loans, referred to as PPP2, including a second PPP loan
for small businesses facing significant revenue declines in any 2020 quarter compared to the same quarter in 2019. In addition, borrowers
can select any Covered Period between 8 and 24 weeks. 

The Company applied for and received proceeds of 237,030 through the PPP2
program on February 12, 2021 and elected a 12-week Covered Period. The Company determined both through internal calculations and those
provided by the AICPA s forgiveness model, that all criteria for forgiveness based on both the CARES Act and the Act have been met
as of December 31, 2021 and that the PPP2 loan will be 100 forgiven. In analogizing to IAS 20, the Company considers the PPP2 loan a
grant that is expected to be forgiven and as such, recorded the proceeds as a deferred income liability when received and recognized the
PPP2 grant as a reduction of the related expenses to which the loan was intended to compensate. 

For the Covered Period February 12, 2021 through May 6, 2021, the Company
incurred the following costs related to and compensated through the PPP2 proceeds and which were expected to be forgiven in their entirety: 

Salaries and wages 
 228,541 
 
 401K match 
 7,295 
 
 Payroll taxes 
 1,194 
 
 Total eligible and forgivable expense under PPP2 program 
 237,030 

As of December 31, 2021, in accordance with methods acceptable under IAS
20, the Company reduced the PPP2 deferred income liability and offset the expenses listed above by their respective amounts, leaving a
balance remaining of -0- as of that date. 

In February 2022, the Company received notification from its bank that
the application for forgiveness was approved by the SBA, confirming that the PPP2 loan has been forgiven in its entirety. 

45 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 8. Leases 

In November 2009, the Company entered into a lease agreement for its
corporate office and warehouse facility which became effective in January 2010 for a term of sixty-seven months. In September 2014,
the lease was amended to include the following: 1) an extension of the lease term to February 28, 2021; 2) modification of the
minimum annual and monthly rents for the extended lease term; 3) a rent abatement period of six months commencing October 1, 2014;
and 4) an option to extend the term for a period of five years. In August 2020, a second amendment to the lease was executed to
include: 1) an extension of the lease term to August 31, 2026; 2) modification of the minimum annual and monthly rents for the
second extended lease term; 3) a rent abatement period of six months commencing October 1, 2020; and 4) removal of the option to
extend the term beyond the amended expiration date. 

In September 2020, the remaining balances in the right-of-use asset and
lease liability associated with the first amendment to the lease of 37,016 and 44,417, respectively, were eliminated and the difference
of 7,401 was adjusted as a credit to rent expense. On September 30, 2020, the right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability of
 462,858 were recorded to account for the second amendment to the lease. 

The following table summarizes the right-of-use asset and lease liability
as of December 31, 2022: 

Office lease right-of-use asset 
 462,858 
 
 Less accumulated amortization 
 (149,111 
 
 Balance of right-of-use asset 
 313,747 

Lease Liability 

Current 
 83,884 
 
 Long-term 
 271,476 

355,360 

Lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 157,004
and 163,100, respectively. 

The following table summarizes the Company s scheduled future minimum
lease payments as of December 31, 2022: 

Year Ended December 31: 

2023 
 109,299 
 
 2024 
 111,612 
 
 2025 
 113,925 
 
 2026 
 77,106 
 
 Minimum lease payments 
 411,942 
 
 Less: imputed interest 
 (56,582 
 
 Present value of minimum lease payments 
 355,360 
 
 Less: current maturities of lease liability 
 (83,884 
 
 Long-term lease liability 
 271,476 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted-average remaining lease
term for the building lease was 3.7 years and 4.7 years, respectively. Due to the fact that we do not have access to the rate implicit
in the lease, we utilized our incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. The weighted average discount rate associated with the
lease as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 8 . 

46 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies 

The Company routinely enters into license agreements for the use
of intellectual properties and technologies. These agreements generally provide for license fee payments when the agreements are signed
and minimum commitments, which are cancellable in certain circumstances. 

 On March 10, 2020 and October 13, 2020, the Company and a licensor amended
the terms under a patent cross license agreement which required the Company to pay an upfront per unit license fee on games (slot machines)
placed in service after the agreement date and for a period of five years. The March 2020 amendment removed the upfront per unit license
fee in the original agreement and replaced it with a quarterly un-recoupable fee of 45,000 payable within fifteen days after the end
of each calendar quarter and removed all audit provisions. The amendment was to terminate after five years from October 1, 2019, or September
30, 2024. The October 2020 amendment allowed the Company to defer the payment of the quarterly fees according to the deferred payment
schedule delineated in the amendment, extended the termination of the agreement to December 31, 2024, increased the final four quarterly
payments to 50,000 and extended the final four quarterly payments beyond the termination date to 2025. 

On November 30, 2021, the agreement was further amended reverting to a
per unit fee on games. The amendment stipulated that the Company pay fees outstanding under the previous amendment plus upfront fees for
the first 50 games/serial numbers to be deployed under the new agreement. Subsequent fees are due and payable on a quarterly basis and
based on games initially deployed in the preceding calendar quarter. In December 2021, upon payment of 45,000 for fees outstanding under
the previous amendment plus 32,500 for the initial games to be deployed under the amendment, the Company was released from all claims
under the previous amendment. In November 2021, the Company reversed the remaining 195,000 in accrued liability for the quarterly license
fee which resulted in a reduction to the operating expenses. 

License fees included as operating expenses in the consolidated Statements
of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were -0- and 45,000), respectively. 

Note 10. Stockholders Equity 

Stock Option Plan : In order to provide an incentive to designated
employees, officers, directors, consultants, independent contractors and other service providers who perform services contributing to
the growth of the Company, and by aligning the interests of participants with the interests of stockholders, the Board declared it advisable
and in the Company s best interest and on May 25, 2016, approved the 2016 Stock Option Plan (the 2016 Plan ). The 2016
Plan permits the granting of nonqualified stock options. The shares underlying the options will be shares of the Company s nonvoting
common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and the total aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2016 Plan is 5,700,000
shares. The purchase price of each option will be determined by the Board at the time the option is granted, but in no event will be less
than 100 of the fair market value of the common stock at the time of grant. Options granted will not be exercisable after 10 years from
the grant date. 

The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected volatility is based upon publicly traded companies with characteristics similar
to those of the Company. The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination within the valuation
model. The expected term of options granted represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The
risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of
grant. 

47 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 10. Stockholders Equity (Continued) 

Stock Option Plan (Continued) 

On March 8, 2017, the Board of Directors approved by unanimous written
consent, the authorization to grant to employees with at least one year of service, non-qualified stock options to purchase 4,015,000
shares of nonvoting common stock of the Company under its 2016 Plan. The options were issued at an exercise price of .28 per share and
vest ratably over five years. The options are subject to the terms and conditions of the 2016 Plan and each individual s stock option
agreement. 

On November 30, 2018, the Board of Directors, based on current valuation
information available, authorized the reduction of the option exercise price to .13 per share which was determined to be the market price
of the Company s stock on that date. The Company calculated the incremental fair value by calculating the fair value of the options
immediately before and immediately after the modification. The fair value of the options immediately before the repricing is based on
assumptions (e.g., volatility, expected term, etc.) reflecting the current facts and circumstances on the modification date and therefore,
differs from the fair value calculated on the grant date. 

A summary of option transactions in 2022 and 2021 under the 2016 Plan is
as follows: 

Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Options outstanding at December 31, 2020 
 3,925,000 
 0.13 
 
 Options granted 
 500,000 
 0.13 
 
 Options exercised 

Options cancelled 
 (1,450,000 
 0.13 
 
 Options outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 2,975,000 
 0.13 
 
 Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options cancelled 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 2,975,000 
 0.13 
 
 Options available for grant under the 2016 Plan at December 31, 2022 
 2,725,000 

Stock-based compensation expense is recognized in the Statements of Operations
based on awards ultimately expected to vest and is adjusted for estimated forfeitures. The additional compensation expense arising from
the modification of the exercise price is being recognized over the vesting period. Expense relating to the stock option plans was 8,862
and 52,048 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

The following table summarizes information with respect to stock options
outstanding at December 31, 2022: 

Options Outstanding 
 
 Vested Options 

Weighted 

Average 
 Weighted 

Weighted 
 Weighted 

Remaining 
 Average 
 Aggregate 

Average 
 Average 
 Aggregate 

Contractual 
 Exercise 
 Intrinsic 

Contractual 
 Exercise 
 Intrinsic 

Number 
 Life Years 
 Price 
 Value 
 
 Number 
 Term Years 
 Price 
 Value 
 
 2016 Plan 
 
 2,975,000 
 4.3 
 0.13 
 - 
 
 2,885,000 
 4.2 
 0.13 
 - 

48 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 10. Stockholders Equity (Continued) 

Stock Option Plan (Continued) 

The following table summarizes information with respect to stock options
outstanding at December 31, 2021: 

Options Outstanding 
 
 Vested Options 

Weighted 

Average 
 Weighted 

Weighted 
 Weighted 

Remaining 
 Average 
 Aggregate 

Average 
 Average 
 Aggregate 

Contractual 
 Exercise 
 Intrinsic 

Contractual 
 Exercise 
 Intrinsic 

Number 
 Life Years 
 Price 
 Value 
 
 Number 
 Term Years 
 Price 
 Value 
 
 2016 Plan 
 
 2,975,000 
 5.3 
 0.13 
 - 
 
 2,290,000 
 5.2 
 0.13 
 - 

As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately 790 of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to nonvested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the 2016 Plan. The cost is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of 0.8 years at an estimated forfeiture rate of 0 for executives and 20 for non-executives. 

Warrant : On November 27, 2019 in connection with the Loan obtained
by the Company, the Company issued to PDS Gaming a Warrant entitling the Lender to purchase up to 7,000,000 shares of (voting) common
stock of the Company at an exercise price of .05 per share, expiring 120 months after the issue date. The Warrant cannot be exercised
until PDS Gaming is licensed in all of the Company s gaming jurisdictions and cannot be exercised in a cashless exercise within
the first six months following issuance. 

The Expiration Date was initially defined under the Warrant
as 36 months. The Warrant was revoked, amended and reissued on December 27, 2019 and defined the Expiration Date as 119 months from date
of issuance of the amended Warrant, which was the original intent between the Company and the Lender. 

The Warrant contains a put feature providing the right to the holder, i.e.
the Lender, for a net cash settlement in the event of a fundamental transaction which is defined under the Warrant as a sale of all of
the stock, voting stock, or all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Company. Under such a transaction, the holder can require
the Company to purchase any unexercised shares under the Warrant at the pro-rata share of the sales price or calculated value less the
exercise price of the Warrant share. 

The fair value of the warrant is estimated using the Black-Scholes pricing
model and is recognized as a liability in the accompanying consolidated condensed Balance Sheets. The following assumptions were used
to determine the fair value of the Warrant at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 
2021 
 
 Stock price 
 0.10 
 0.13 
 
 Exercise price 
 0.05 
 0.05 
 
 Weighted average volatility 
 70.4 
 68.2 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Expected term (in years) 
 6.9 
 7.9 
 
 Weighted average risk-free interest rate 
 4.0 
 1.4 

49 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 10. Stockholders Equity (Continued) 

Warrant (Continued) 

There currently is no public market for the Company s stock price.
The valuation of the Company was determined by utilizing a formula of six (6) times the Company s Earnings Before Interest Taxes,
Depreciation and Amortization EBITDA for the prior twelve (12) month period minus all outstanding debt of the Company
plus all cash and cash equivalents owned by the Company which is defined in the Warrant agreement as the Calculated Value CV of the Company. Volatility is based on the average stock price of comparable public companies in the industry. 

Based on the volatility in stock price of the comparable public companies
and the calculation of the CV per the formula above, the resulting stock price of 0.10 and 0.13 price per share was used in the Black
Scholes model to determine fair value of the Warrant at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The following table reconciles the change in the fair value of the warrant
liability classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy: 

Warrant Liability 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 84,671 
 
 Net change in fair value 
 629,679 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 714,350 
 
 Net change in fair value 
 (140,914 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 573,436 

The following table is a summary of the Warrant activity for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Shares 
 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise
 Price 

Warrants at December 31, 2020 
 7,000,000 
 0.05 
 
 Warrants granted 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants cancelled 

Warrants at December 31, 2021 
 7,000,000 
 0.05 
 
 Warrants granted 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants cancelled 

Warrants at December 31, 2022 
 7,000,000 
 0.05 
 
 Warrants exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 7,000,000 

50 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 10. Stockholders Equity (Continued) 

Warrant (Continued) 

The following table summarizes information with respect to the Warrant
outstanding at December 31, 2022: 

Warrant Outstanding 

Weighted 

Average 
 Weighted 

Remaining 
 Average 
 Aggregate 

Contractual 
 Exercise 
 Intrinsic 

Shares 
 Life (Years) 
 Price 
 Value 

7,000,000 
 6.9 
 0.05 
 - 

The following table summarizes information with respect to the Warrant
outstanding at December 31, 2021: 

Warrant Outstanding 

Weighted 

Average 
 Weighted 

Remaining 
 Average 
 Aggregate 

Contractual 
 Exercise 
 Intrinsic 

Shares 
 Life (Years) 
 Price 
 Value 

7,000,000 
 7.9 
 0.05 
 - 

Note 11. Revenue 

The following table provides a breakdown of the revenue by category as
included in the consolidated Statements of Operations: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Lease, license and service fees: 

Flat daily rate lease 
 2,545,605 
 2,781,686 
 
 Participation lease 
 1,206,947 
 1,145,529 
 
 Placement and license fees 
 5,950 
 21,730 

3,758,502 
 3,948,945 

The following table provides a breakdown of the sales of gaming products
and parts as included in the 

 consolidated Statements of Operations: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Sales of gaming products and parts: 

Slot machine sales 
 1,956,396 
 455,220 
 
 Parts and ancillary items sales 
 105,840 
 247,477 

2,062,236 
 702,697 

Note 12. Income from Employee Retention Credits 

The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act enacted in March 2020 contained a provision that provided an Employee Retention Credit ERC against certain employment
taxes equal to 50 of eligible wages. Qualified wages were capped at 10,000 per employee for wages paid from March 13, 2020 to December
31, 2020 for eligible employers, for a maximum credit of 5,000 per employee for 

51 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 12. Income from Employee Retention Credits (Continued) 

the year. Under the Taxpayer Certainty and Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2020 Tax Relief Act enacted in December 2020, certain provisions of the CARES Act were modified with respect to the ERC. The
Tax Relief Act increased the credit to 70 of eligible wages capped at 10,000 per employee per quarter or 7,000, extended the application
of the ERC to wages paid after December 31, 2020 and before July 1, 2021, and retroactively removed the ERC exclusion for entities that
had received PPP loans with the stipulation that wages used for forgiveness under the PPP loan were barred as qualified wages for use
in application of the ERC. Under these revised provisions, the Company qualified for application of the ERC. The calculation of qualified
wages, which included qualified health plan expenses, for the period March 13, 2020 through June 30, 2021 was completed in February 2022
and the respective employer quarterly federal tax claim for refund forms were submitted. In June 2022, the Company received refunds for
the full amount of the ERC claimed of 231,059 plus interest income of 2,756. 

Note 13. Income Taxes 

The components of the income tax provision for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Current tax expense: 

Federal 

State 
 1,500 
 3,219 

1,500 
 3,219 
 
 Deferred tax benefit: 

Federal 
 50,000 
 98,000 
 
 State 
 27,000 
 51,000 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (77,000 
 (149,000 

Net deferred tax assets consist of the following components as of December
31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Deferred tax asset: 

Net operating loss carryforward 
 4,271,000 
 4,290,000 
 
 Accounts receivable reserves 
 2,000 
 2,000 
 
 Property and equipment 
 (389,000 
 (475,000 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 265,000 
 250,000 
 
 Impairment charge 
 211,000 
 211,000 
 
 Start-up costs 
 3,000 
 3,000 
 
 Stock based compensation 
 133,000 
 130,000 
 
 Inventory reserves 
 1,000 
 1,000 
 
 Other 
 (34,000 
 (26,000 

4,463,000 
 4,386,000 
 
 Less valuation allowance 
 (4,463,000 
 (4,386,000 
 
 Net deferred taxes 

52 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 13. Income Taxes (Continued) 

A reconciliation of income tax expense at statutory rates to the income
tax expense reported in the Statements of Operations is as follows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Federal tax benefit at statutory rate 
 (31,000 
 (194,000 
 
 State tax benefit net of federal taxes 
 (10,500 
 (68,781 
 
 Warrant valuation 
 (41,000 
 181,000 
 
 PPP deductible expenses 
 
 (68,000 
 
 Other 
 7,000 
 4,000 
 
 Increase in valuation allowance 
 77,000 
 149,000 
 
 Income tax expense 
 1,500 
 3,219 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has available, for federal and state
income tax purposes, net operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately 14,829,000. 12,773,000 of the NOL carryforwards
expire at various times through 2039 and 2,056,000 of the NOLs can be carried forward indefinitely. The utilization of the NOL carryforwards
is dependent upon the ability of the Company to generate sufficient taxable income during the carryforward periods. The NOL carryforwards
are also subject to certain limitations on their utilization should changes in Company ownership occur. The Company has not recognized
any NOL carryforward benefits or other net deferred tax assets in the current financial statements. 

The current tax expense represents the amount of estimated minimum state
taxes payable. 

Note 14. Recently Issued Pronouncements 

In June 2016, the FASB issued the update Financial Instruments 
Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which changes the estimation of credit losses from an
 incurred loss methodology to one that reflects expected credit losses (the Current Expected Credit Loss model,
or CECL) which requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. Measurement
under CECL is based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and
supportable forecasts that affect collectability of reported amounts. The amendments in the update became effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. In January 2022, the Company adopted this update which did
not have a material impact on our financial statements. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

We have no disagreements, transactions or events to report under this item. 

53 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management including our CEO, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our
management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

As of December 31, 2022, we conducted an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of our management including our CEO and Controller, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures.
Based on that evaluation, our CEO and Controller have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our CEO and Controller, or affected by our Board
of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over our financial reporting. 

All internal controls, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations
and may not prevent or detect all misstatements and fraud. Even those internal controls that are determined to be effective can only provide
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Additionally, judgments in decision-making can
be faulty and breakdowns in internal control can occur because of simple errors or mistakes that are not detected on a timely basis. Furthermore,
over time, controls that were previously determined to be effective may become inadequate due to changes in conditions or deterioration
in the degree of compliance with internal policies and procedures. 

We have evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. This evaluation was performed using the criteria set forth in the Internal Control - Integrated
Framework (the Framework developed by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO updated in 2013. Based on such evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s
registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation
by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 308(b) that permits the Company to provide only
management s report in this annual report. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

54 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Below is certain information regarding our directors and executive officers.
All of the Company s directors took office on January 29, 2008, except Mr. Haveson, who became a director of the Company on September
6, 2007. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position Held with the Company 
 
 Brian Haveson 
 58 
 Chairman, CEO, Director 
 
 Donald Caldwell 
 76 
 Director 
 
 Frederick Tecce 
 87 
 Director 

Brian Haveson 

Mr. Haveson has served as CEO of the Company since August 2007, CEO of
Lightning Poker since October 1, 2006, President of the Company from August 2007 to December 2009, President of Lightning Poker from March
2008 to December 2009 and a director of Lightning Poker since June 2005. Since September 2018, Mr. Haveson has been serving as a member
of the board of directors of CCA Industries, Inc. From 1994 through 2002, Mr. Haveson served as CFO and CEO of Nutri/System, Inc. Prior
to that he was a manager for 4 years with Arthur Andersen in its Turnaround Group. Mr. Haveson received a bachelor of Science degree in
Aerospace Engineering from the University of Maryland and a Masters in Management from Purdue University. Mr. Haveson s successful
tenure as the CEO of Nutri/System and his consulting role at Arthur Andersen provide our Company with a seasoned and experienced CEO. 

Donald Caldwell 

Mr. Caldwell has been a director of Lightning Gaming, Inc. (formerly Lightning
Poker) since June 2005. He is the founder, Chairman and CEO of Cross Atlantic Capital Partners Inc. Cross Atlantic and has
oversight responsibility for its multiple funds. 

Mr. Caldwell serves on the board of several publicly and privately held
companies and civic organizations, including: Quaker Chemical Corporation (NYSE); Voxware, Inc.; Haverford Trust Company; StoneRidge Investment
Partners, LLC/Beltraith Capital, LLC; the South Australia Venture Capital Fund; the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts (Chairman Emeritus)
and The Andalusia Foundation (Trustee). In addition to his role of director, Mr. Caldwell is the Lead Director at Quaker Chemical Corporation. 

Until March 1, 1999, he was President and Chief Operating Officer of Safeguard
Scientifics, Inc., where he also previously served as Executive Vice President. Prior to joining Safeguard in 1993, Mr. Caldwell held
a number of executive and financial positions, including Chief Administrative Officer of Cambridge Technology Partners, Inc. (Massachusetts),
a provider of information technology consulting and software development; Executive Vice President and then President of Atlantic Financial;
and as a partner in the national office of Arthur Young Co., a predecessor to Ernst Young, LLP. He holds a Bachelor of Science
degree from Babson College and a Master of Business Administration from the Graduate School of Business at Harvard University. Mr. Caldwell
is a retired New York state Certified Public Accountant. 

Mr. Caldwell s extensive experience in the financial markets, venture
capital arena and service on corporate boards provide us with significant, well-respected financial and management leadership in addition
to his strong corporate governance background. 

55 

Frederick Tecce 

Mr. Tecce has been a director since June 2005. Prior to his retirement
in 2020, Mr. Tecce had previously been managing director and Of Counsel to Cross Atlantic where he worked closely with Mr. Caldwell on
fundraising, as well as overseeing Cross Atlantic's legal issues, including contracts and intellectual property rights. Mr. Tecce was
also Of Counsel to the law firm Buchanan, Ingersoll Rooney PC, retiring in 2020. 

Mr. Tecce has served on the board of the Pennsylvania Public School Employees'
Retirement System Board, where he was appointed by Governor Tom Ridge in 1995, serving as chairman of the finance committee for five years.
Mr. Tecce also served on the board of another publicly-reporting company, InsPro Technologies Corp, until its sale in 2020. In addition,
he previously served on the boards of Profectus BioSciences, Inc.and Nterra, Inc. 

Most of Mr. Tecce's professional career has been spent as a principal in
a company that pioneered and licensed new technology in the textile industry. This involved managing a long-term, complex, multi-party
lawsuit directed to enforcing patent rights. His experience in managing complex litigation was also the basis for his engagement with
two other significant businesses whose existence was threatened by lawsuit disputes. In addition, Mr. Tecce has launched several new businesses
from the seed stage and has been an investor and active participant in several emerging growth companies. 

Mr. Tecce holds a B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania and J.D. from
the Dickinson School of Law of Pennsylvania State University. Mr. Tecce s broad legal and business experience brings insight and
a seasoned view to our board. 

Director Independence 

The NASDAQ listing standards define an independent director 
generally as a person, other than an executive officer or employee of the Company or an individual who has a relationship that, in the
opinion of the Company's Board of Directors, would interfere with the director's exercise of independent judgment. Under NASDAQ Rule 4350(c),
a Controlled Company is exempt from certain independent director requirements set forth in this rule. The Company is relying on the Controlled
Company exemption under NASDAQ Rule 4350(c) with respect to Mr. Caldwell and Mr. Tecce and as such, the independent director requirements
do not apply. 

Mr. Caldwell and Mr. Tecce serve as the members of the audit committee
of the Board of Directors. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, during the past ten years, none of the following
occurred with respect to our directors or executive officers: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such
person was a general partner or executive officer at or within two years before the time of the filing; (2) any conviction in a criminal
proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject
to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently
or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities, commodities or
banking activities; (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading
Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated;
(5) being the subject of, or party to, a judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended
or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of law or regulation pertaining to securities or commodities, financial institution or insurance
company regulation, or mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or (6) being the subject of, or party to any
sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization as defined in the Exchange Act),
registered entity (as defined in the Commodities Exchange Act) or equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization. 

56 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive
officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock 10 Shareholders to file with the SEC certain
reports regarding their stock ownership and stock transactions Section 16(a) Reports ). Such persons are required to furnish
us with copies of all Section 16(a) Reports they file. Based solely on our review of such reports (and amendments thereto) that were furnished
to us and written representations made to us by reporting persons in connection with certain of these reporting requirements, we believe
that all reporting persons met their Section 16(a) reporting obligations on a timely basis during our last fiscal year. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive
officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. We undertake
to provide to any person without charge, upon request, a copy of our code of ethics. Such request should be directed to us in writing
as follows: Mr. Brian Haveson, Chief Executive Officer, Lightning Gaming, Inc., 23 Creek Circle, Suite 400, Boothwyn, PA 19061. 

Audit Committee 

We have a separately designated standing audit committee. Mr. Caldwell
and Mr. Tecce are the audit committee members. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Caldwell is an audit committee financial
expert, as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of SEC Regulation S-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The following Summary Compensation Table reports compensation we paid in
2022 and 2021 to Brian Haveson, our and Lightning Poker s principal executive officer, and Christopher Strano, President of Lightning
Gaming until his resignation in May 2021 (collectively, our named executive officers ). 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name
 Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus )
 (1) 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation )
 (2) 
 Total ) 
 
 Brian Haveson, 
 Chairman and CEO 
 2022 2021 
 328,521 
 315,163 
 
 14,000 
 30,000 

14,340 
 12,606 
 356,861 357,769 

Christopher Strano, President
 of Lightning Gaming 
 2022 2021 
 97,176 

3,675 
 100,851 

NOTES: 

(1) 
 Mr. Haveson was awarded a 14,000 bonus as part of the bonus plan and pool approved by the Executive Compensation Committee based on a percentage of 2022 EBITDA. The 2022 bonus was accrued as of December 31, 2022 and paid on January 31, 2023. Mr. Haveson was awarded a 30,000 bonus by the Executive Compensation Committee based on 2021 performance. The 2021 bonus was accrued as of December 31, 2021 and paid on February 28, 2022. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes employer contributions to 401K plan that is available to all employees. Does not include premiums for health insurance that is available on a non-discriminatory basis to all full-time employees. 

57 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table contains information concerning all unexercised common
stock options granted to our named executive officers, which were outstanding on December 31, 2022. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

Option
 Awards 

Name 
 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 

Equity
 Incentive 
 Plan
 Awards: 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 

Option 
 Exercise
 Price ) 
 
 Option
 Expiration Date 
 (mo/day/year) 
 
 Brian
 Haveson (1) 

2,000,000 

- 

- 

0.13 
 
 3/8/2027 

NOTES: 

(1) 
 At December 31, 2022, Mr. Haveson held options to purchase an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares under the 2016 Plan which vested at 400,000 shares each year until fully vested in March 2022. 

The 2016 Plan permits the granting of nonqualified stock options. The shares
underlying the options will be shares of the Company s nonvoting common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and the total aggregate
number of shares that may be issued under the 2016 Plan is 5,700,000 shares. The purchase price of each option will be determined by the
Board at the time the option is granted, but in no event will be less than 100 of the fair market value of the common stock at the time
of grant. Options granted will not be exercisable after 10 years from the grant date. 

Director Compensation 

Our directors, excluding directors who are named executive officers, did
not receive compensation during 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related 

Stockholder Matters. 

The following table indicates how many shares of our (voting) Common Stock
and Nonvoting Common Stock were beneficially owned as of April 4, 2023 by (1) each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more
than 5 of our common stock 5 Shareholder ), (2) our directors, (3) our executive officers, and (4) all of our directors
and executive officers as a group. In general, beneficial ownership includes those shares a person has sole or shared power
to vote or transfer (whether or not owned directly) and rights to acquire such power, such as through the exercise of options, warrants,
or convertible debt within 60 days. Except as indicated otherwise below, to our knowledge the persons named in the table below have sole
voting power (for common stock) and investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them. To calculate the
percentage of outstanding common stock owned by each named person or the group reported in the table below, we added shares of common
stock that the named person or group (as the case may be) can acquire within 60 days to both (a) the number of shares of common stock
actually outstanding (4,649,383) and (b) the number of other shares of common stock (if any) actually held by that named person or the
group (as the case may be). 

See Part II, Item 5 of this report for further information on securities
authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plan. 

58 

The address of each of the directors and executive officers listed below
is c/o Lightning Gaming, Inc., 23 Creek Circle, Suite 400, Boothwyn, Pennsylvania 19061. 

Common Stock 
 Nonvoting Common Stock 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers: 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percent of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Donald Caldwell (1) 
 
 1,021,000 (2) 
 8.8 
 33,300,000 
 92.0 
 
 Fredrick C. Tecce (1) 
 
 611,000 (2)(3) 
 5.2 
 33,300,000 
 92.0 
 
 Brian Haveson 
 
 738,409 
 6.3 
 2,000,000 (4) 
 5.5 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons) 
 
 2,189,409 
 18.8 
 35,300,000 (6) 
 97.5 

5 Shareholders: 

CI II and related parties (1) (2) 
 
 181,000 (5) 
 1.6 
 33,300,000 
 92.0 
 
 PDS Gaming - Nevada, LLC 
 
 7,000,000 (7) 
 60.1 
 
 - 

(1) 
 CI II is managed by Cross Atlantic of which Mr. Caldwell is Chairman and CEO and Mr. Tecce is a retired managing director and former counsel. Consequently, Cross Atlantic, Mr. Caldwell, and Mr. Tecce may be deemed the beneficial owners of the shares that CI II beneficially owns. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes 181,000 shares owned by CI II. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes 50,000 shares beneficially
owned by Mr. Tecce s wife. 

(4) 
 Consists of options to purchase 2,000,000 shares under the 2016 Stock Option Plan. 
 
 (5) 
 The address of CI II and its manager, Cross Atlantic, is PO Box 410, Haverford, PA 19041-0410. 

(6) 
 Includes an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares that can be acquired through the exercise of options. 
 
 (7) 
 Consists of 7,000,000 shares that can be acquired through the exercise of warrants. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

We are reporting the information below based on the following relationships:
(1) CI II is managed by Cross Atlantic and is a 5 Shareholder; and (2) Mr. Caldwell is the founder and CEO and Mr. Tecce is a retired
managing director and former counsel to Cross Atlantic. 

As of December 31, 2022, CI II owns 3.89 of the (voting) Common Stock
and 100 of the Nonvoting Common Stock of the Company. CI II is managed by Cross Atlantic Capital Partners, wholly owned by Donald Caldwell,
who is a Director and Shareholder of the Company. Frederick Tecce is also a Director and Shareholder of the Company and is the retired
Managing Director of Cross Atlantic Capital Partners. Our Nonvoting Common Stock participates with, and is identical to, our common stock
except for the lack of voting rights. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no material
related party transactions which were required to be disclosed in accordance with SEC rules. 

59 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Our audit committee selected, and our Board of Directors approved, the
firm of Assurance Dimensions, Inc. ADI as our principal accountant and registered public accounting firm to audit our
annual consolidated financial statements and perform quarterly financial statement review services for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

Our policy is that before we engage our principal accountants annually
to render audit or non-audit services, the engagement is reviewed and approved by our audit committee. All of our principal accountant s
services for our last two fiscal years, which consisted solely of audit services, were within the scope of the engagement that our audit
committee approved before we entered into the engagement. 

The aggregate fees billed to us for the audit of our annual consolidated
statements by ADI were 63,000 for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All of ADI s billings were for audit services,
which consisted of the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and review of our quarterly consolidated financial statements
included in our Form 10-Q filings during 2022 and 2021. 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

 Included in Part II of this report: 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the
Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(a)(2) and (c) Financial Statement Schedules 

 II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

 All other schedules are omitted because of the absence of conditions under
which they are required or because the required information is given in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None 

60 

(a)(3) and (b) Exhibits 

EXHIBIT NUMBER 
 
 EXHIBIT DESCRIPTION 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Lightning Gaming, Inc. (the Company ), LPI Acquisition Corp. and Lightning Poker, Inc.( Lightning Poker (see Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed October 4, 2007) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company (see Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-K filed March 31, 2010) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Company (see Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-SB filed April 23, 2007) 

3.3 

Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (See Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2015) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Distribution Agreement dated January 22, 2007, between Lightning Poker and Shuffle Master, Inc. (see Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed January 30, 2008) [Portions have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.] 
 
 10.2 
 
 Lease Agreement with Windsor at Namaan s Creek LP for office and warehouse at 23 Creek Circle, Boothwyn, Pa 19061 (see Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-K filed March 31, 2010) 
 
 10.3 (A) 
 
 2007 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company (see Exhibit A to Schedule 14C filed October 29, 2007) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Lightning Poker Warrant for Stock issued to Lance Funston dated April 19, 2007 (see Exhibit 10.8 to Form 8-K filed January 30, 2008) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Lightning Poker Warrant for Stock issued to Robert Paul dated April 19, 2007 (see Exhibit 10.9 to Form 8-K filed January 30, 2008) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Lightning Poker Warrant for Stock (30,000 shares) issued to Frederick A. Tecce dated July 23, 2007 (see Exhibit 10.15 to Form 8-K filed January 30, 2008) 

10.7 (A) 

The Company's 2007 Equity Incentive Plan form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (see Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2008) 
 
 10.8 (A) 
 
 The Company's 2007 Equity Incentive Plan form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (see Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2008) 

10.9 (A) 

Lightning Poker employment agreement with Christopher Strano dated June 9 - June 15, 2009 (see Exhibit 10.31 to Form 10-K filed March 31, 2010) 

10.10 

Modification of Distribution Agreement, dated January 22, 2007, between Lightning Poker and Shuffle Master, Inc., referenced in Exhibit 10.1 to this Form 10-K (see Exhibit 10.54 to Form 10-K filed April 7, 2011) [Portions have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.] 
 
 10.11 
 
 Debt Conversion Agreement between the Company and CI II dated August 6, 2015 (see Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed August 6, 2015) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amended and Restated Voting Agreement between the Company and the Stock Holders dated August 6, 2015 (see Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed August 6, 2015) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Cancellation of Amended and Restated Voting Agreement between the Company and the Stock Holders dated September 28, 2015 (see Exhibit 10.1 for Form 8-K filed September 28, 2015) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Changes in Registrant s Certifying Accountant, Dismissal of Previous Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated November 16, 2015 and Engagement of New Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated November 17, 2015 (see Exhibit 16.1 for form 8-K/A as amended filed November 23, 2015) 
 
 10.15 (A) 
 
 2016 Stock Option Plan of the Company (see Exhibit A to Schedule 14C filed August 9, 2016) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Master Loan Agreement between the Company and PDS Gaming LLC dated July 17, 2018 (see Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed July 18, 2018) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Security Agreement between the Company and PDS Gaming LLC dated July 17, 2018 (see Exhibit 99.2 to Form 8-K filed July 18, 2018) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Promissory Note issued by the Company to PDS Gaming LLC dated July 17, 2018 (see Exhibit 99.3 to Form 8-K filed July 18, 2018) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Master Loan Agreement between the Company and PDS Gaming Nevada, LLC dated November 27, 2019 (see Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed December 3, 2019) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Security Agreement between the Company and PDS Gaming Nevada, LLC dated November 27, 2019 (see Exhibit 99.2 to Form 8-K filed December 3, 2019) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Promissory Note issued by the Company to PDS Gaming Nevada, LLC dated November 27, 2019 (see Exhibit 99.3 to Form 8-K filed December 3, 2019) 

61 

10.22 
 
 Lightning Gaming, Inc. Warrant to Purchase Voting Common Stock (7,000,000 shares) issued to PDS Gaming Nevada, LLC dated November 27, 2019 (see Exhibit 99.4 to Form 8-K filed December 3, 2019) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Changes in Registrant s Certifying Accountant, Declination to stand for reelection of Previous Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated March 30, 2020 and Engagement of New Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated April 8, 2020 (see Exhibit 16.1 for form 8-K filed April 9, 2020) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Assurance Dimensions, Inc. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 101 
 
 The following materials from this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(A) 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 These documents are incorporated herein by reference as exhibits hereto.
Following the description of each such exhibit is a reference to the document as it appeared in a specified report previously filed with
the SEC, to which there have been no amendments or changes unless otherwise indicated. The Commission File No. for all such filings is
000-52575. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Lightning Gaming, Inc. 

 By:/s/Brian Haveson 

 Brian Haveson, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: April 4, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/Brian Haveson 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 April 4, 2023 
 
 Brian Haveson 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/Brian Haveson 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 4, 2023 
 
 Brian Haveson 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/Donald Caldwell 
 
 Director 
 
 April 4, 2023 
 
 Donald Caldwell 

/s/Fredrick C. Tecce 
 
 Director 
 
 April 4, 2023 
 
 Fredrick C. Tecce 

62 

<EX-21.1>
 4
 s22-22941_211.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF LIGHTNING GAMING, INC. LGI :

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Lightning Gaming, Inc. LGI : 

Name 

State of Incorporation 
 or Organization 

Lightning Poker, Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of LGI) 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Lightning Slot Machines, LLC a wholly owned subsidiary of LGI) 
 
 Nevada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 s22-22941_311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

 Section 302 Certification 

I, Brian Haveson, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Lightning Gaming, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: 
 April 4, 2023 
 
 /s/Brian Haveson 

Brian Haveson, Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 s22-22941_312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

 Section 302 Certification 

I, Brian Haveson, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Lightning Gaming, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 April 4, 2023 
 
 /s/Brian Haveson 

Brian Haveson, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 s22-22941_321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(b) AND
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lightning Gaming, Inc.
(the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
I certify as of the date hereof, solely for the purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, to the
best of my respective knowledge, that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and
for the periods indicated. 

A signed original of this written statement, or other document authenticating,
acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signatures that appear in typed form within the electronic versions of this written statement,
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Date: April 4, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/Brian Haveson 

Name: 
 Brian Haveson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: April 4, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/Brian Haveson 

Name: 
 Brian Haveson 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 lgtg-20211231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 lgtg-20211231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 lgtg-20211231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 lgtg-20211231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 lgtg-20211231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 lgtg-20211231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

