<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230503_10-K_edgar_data_724910_0001376474-23-000283.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4287555</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98884</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>832858</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1226298</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>712933</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1308888</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001376474-23-000283.hdr.sgml : 20230503
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230503160515
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001376474-23-000283
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230503
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230503

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NVE CORP /NEW/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000724910
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				411424202
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12196
		FILM NUMBER:		23883633

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11409 VALLEY VIEW ROAD
		CITY:			EDEN PRAIRIE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55344
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9528299217

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11409 VALLEY VIEW ROAD
		CITY:			EDEN PRAIRIE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55344

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PREMIS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001376474-23-000283.txt : 20230503

10-K
 1
 nvec-20230331.htm
 NVE CORP - FORM 10-K SEC FILING

NVE CORP - Form 10-K SEC filing 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _____________________to____________________ 
 
 Commission file number 
 
 ORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

) 
 (Zip Code) 

) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class 
 Trading symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market, LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price on September 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, as reported on the NASDAQ Stock Market, was approximately million. 
 
 The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock (par value outstanding as of April 28, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Portions of our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Items 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14 of Part III hereof. 

Table of Contents 
 
 NVE CORPORATION INDEX TO FORM 10-K 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Our Strategy 
 Our Products and Markets 
 Product Manufacturing 
 Sales and Product Distribution 
 New Product Status 
 Our Competition 
 Sources and Availability of Raw Materials 
 Intellectual Property 
 Dependence on Major Customers 
 Compliance With Government Regulations 
 Human Capital Resources 
 Available Information 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information and Dividends 
 Shareholders 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 SIGNATURES FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 542) Balance Sheets Statements of Income Statements of Comprehensive Income Statements of Shareholders Equity Statements of Cash Flows Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Some of the statements made in this Report or the documents incorporated by reference in this Report and in other materials filed or to be filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as well as information included in verbal or written statements made by us constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the reform act. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of terminology such as may, will, expect, anticipate, intend, believe, estimate, should, or continue, or the negatives of these terms or other variations of these words or comparable terminology. To the extent that this Report contains forward-looking statements regarding the financial condition, operating results, business prospects, or any other aspect of NVE, you should be aware that our actual financial condition, operating results, and business performance may differ materially from that projected or estimated by us in the forward-looking statements. We have attempted to identify, in context, some of the factors that we currently believe may cause actual future experience and results to differ from their current expectations. These differences may be caused by a variety of factors, including but not limited to risks related to our reliance on several large customers for a significant percentage of revenue, uncertainties related to the economic environments in the industries we serve, uncertainties related to future sales and revenues, risks and uncertainties related to future stock repurchases and dividend payments, and other specific risks that may be alluded to in this Report or the documents incorporated by reference in this Report. For more information regarding our risks and uncertainties, see Item 1A Risk Factors of this Report. ITEM 1. BUSINESS. In General 
 NVE Corporation, referred to as NVE, we, us, or our, develops and sells devices that use spintronics, a nanotechnology that relies on electron spin rather than electron charge to acquire, store, and transmit information. We manufacture high-performance spintronic products including sensors and couplers that are used to acquire and transmit data. NVE History and Background 
 NVE is a Minnesota corporation headquartered in a suburb of Minneapolis. We were founded in 1989 by James M. Daughton, Ph.D., a spintronics pioneer. Our common stock became publicly traded in 2000 through a reverse merger and became NASDAQ listed in 2003. Since our founding, we have been awarded more than 50 million in government research contracts. These contracts have helped us develop products and build our intellectual property portfolio. We have adopted a March 31 fiscal year, so fiscal years referenced in this report end March 31. 
 
 Industry Background 
 Much of the electronics industry is devoted to the acquisition, storage, and transmission of information. We have focused on three applications for our spintronic technology: magnetic sensors, couplers, and memories. Sensors acquire information, couplers transmit information, and memories store information. In that sense, our technology can provide the eyes, nerves, and brains of electronic systems. 
 
 Magnetic sensors can be used for a number of purposes including detecting the position or speed of robotics and mechanisms, or for communicating with implantable medical devices. We believe our spintronic sensors are smaller, more precise, and more reliable than competing devices. 
 
 Couplers are widely used in factory automation, providing reliable digital communication between electronic subsystems in factories. For example, couplers are used to send high-speed data between robots and central controllers. As manufacturing automation expands, there is a need for higher-speed data and more channel density. Because of their unique properties, we believe our couplers transmit more data at higher speeds and over longer distances than conventional devices. 
 
 Near-term potential MRAM applications include mission-critical storage such as military, industrial, and antitamper applications. Long term, MRAM could address the market for ubiquitous high-density memory. Our Enabling Technology 
 Our designs are generally based on either giant magnetoresistance or tunneling magnetoresistance. These structures produce a large change in electrical resistance depending on the electron spin orientation in a free layer. 
 
 In giant magnetoresistance (GMR) devices, resistance changes due to conduction electrons scattering at interfaces within the devices. The GMR effect is only significant if the layer thicknesses are less than the mean free path of conduction electrons, which is approximately five nanometers. Our critical GMR conductor layers may be less than two nanometers, or five atomic layers, thick. 
 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The second type of spintronic structure we use is based on tunneling magnetoresistance (TMR). Such devices are known as Spin-Dependent Tunnel (SDT) junctions or Magnetic Tunnel Junctions (MTJs). SDT junctions use tunnel barriers that are so thin that electrons can tunnel through a normally insulating material to cause a resistance change. SDT barrier thicknesses can be in the range of one to four nanometers (less than ten molecular layers). 
 
 In our products, the spintronic elements are connected to integrated circuitry and encapsulated packaged in much the same way as conventional integrated circuits. 
 
 Our Strategy 
 Our vision is to become the leading developer of practical spintronics technology and devices. Our spintronic technology provides eyes, nerves, and brains for electronic systems, breathing life and intelligence into inanimate objects. Our unique products support global trends of efficient energy conversion and smart, low-power end nodes for the Internet of Things. To grow product sales, we plan to broaden our sensor and coupler product lines and enhance our product benefits in target markets. 
 
 Our Products and Markets 
 Sensor Products and Markets 
 Our sensor products detect the strength or gradient of magnetic fields and are often used to determine position or speed. GMR or TMR elements change electrical resistance depending on the magnetic field. In many of our devices, sensor elements are combined with foundry integrated circuitry or digital cores, and packaged in much the same way as conventional integrated circuits. Our sensors are small, highly sensitive to magnetic fields, precise, and reliable. We sell standard catalog sensors, and custom sensors designed to meet customers exact requirements. 
 
 Standard sensors 
 Our standard, or catalog sensors are generally used to detect the presence of a magnetic or metallic material to determine position, rotation, or speed. We believe our spintronic sensors are smaller, more precise, more reliable, and lower power than competing devices. Our major market for standard sensors is the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) for factory automation. 
 
 Custom and medical sensors 
 Our primary custom products are sensors for medical devices, which are customized to our customers requirements and manufactured under stringent medical device quality standards. Many are used to replace electromechanical magnetic switches. We believe our sensors have important advantages in medical devices compared to electromechanical switches, including no moving parts for inherent reliability, and being smaller, more sensitive, and more precise. Our sensors can be customized for size, range and sensitivity to magnetic fields, electrical resistance, and embedded software. 
 
 Coupler Products and Markets 
 Our spintronic couplers combine a GMR sensor element and an integrated microscopic coil. The coil creates a small magnetic field that is detected by the spintronic sensor, transmitting data almost instantly. Couplers are also known as isolators because they electrically isolate the coupled systems. Our major coupler markets are power conversion and the IIoT. Our couplers enable more efficient power conversion and interconnections to implement the IIoT for advanced factory automation. 
 
 DC-to-DC Convertor Products and Markets 
 Our isolated DC-to-DC convertors transfer energy between systems without direct electrical connections. These components are used in power conversion systems and industrial networks for the IIoT. We also make products that combine couplers and DC-to-DC convertors to transmit power as well as data. 
 
 MRAM Products and Markets 
 MRAM uses spintronics to store data. Unlike electrical charge, the spin of an electron is inherently permanent. We have invented several types of memory cells including inventions related to advanced MRAM designs and MRAM for tamper prevention or detection. Our MRAM strategy has been focused on low bit density for applications such as tamper prevention and detection. 
 
 Product Manufacturing 
 Our product manufacturing includes front-end wafer production and back-end product testing. Wafer production is a cleanroom area with specialized equipment to deposit, pattern, etch, and process spintronic materials. Most of our products are fabricated in our facility using either raw silicon wafers or foundry wafers. Foundry wafers contain conventional electronics that perform housekeeping functions such as voltage regulation and signal conditioning in our products. 
 
 Each wafer may include thousands of devices. We build spintronics structures on wafers in our fabrication facility. We either saw wafers to be sold in die form, or send wafers to Asia for dicing and packaging. Other production operations include wafer-level inspection and testing. Packaged parts are returned to us to be tested, inventoried, and shipped. 
 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our facility has been certified under the ISO 9001:2015 quality management standard and is an Approved Place of Manufacture under ECS/CIG 021-024: 2014. 
 
 We believe having our own U.S. wafer production and test capabilities are an advantage over competitors that outsource such operations. We significantly increased our product testing capacity in the two most recent fiscal years in response to increased demand for our products. Sales and Product Distribution 
 We rely on distributors who stock and resell our products in more than 75 countries. Distributors of our products include America II Electronics, Inc., Angst+Pfister Sensors and Power, Avnet companies, and Digi-Key Corporation. Our distributor agreements generally renew annually. In addition, we distribute versions of some of our products under private-brand partnerships with large integrated device manufacturers. These private-brand partnerships broaden our distribution and enhance our sales support, technical support, and product awareness. New Product Status 
 In the past year, we began marketing a number of new and improved products, including: 

additional ultraminiature isolated DC-to-DC convertor models; 

an ultraminiature TMR magnetic sensor; 

an ultrahigh-sensitivity TMR magnetic sensor; and 

more products combining data couplers with isolated DC-to-DC convertors to transmit power as well as data. 

Long-term product development programs in fiscal 2023 focused on even higher sensitivity TMR sensors and Magnetoresistive Random Access Memory (MRAM) for antitamper applications. Our Competition Industrial Sensor Competition 
 Several other companies either make or may have the capability to make GMR or TMR sensors. Also, several competitors make solid-state industrial magnetic sensors including silicon Hall-effect sensors and anisotropic magnetoresistive (AMR) sensors. We believe those types of sensors are not as sensitive or power-efficient as our GMR or TMR sensors. 
 Medical Sensor Competition 
 Our sensors for medical devices face competition from electromechanical magnetic sensors and other solid-state magnetic sensors. Electromechanical magnetic sensors such as reed and micro-electromechanical system (MEMS) switches have been in use for several decades. Because our sensors have no moving parts, we believe they are inherently more reliable than electromechanical magnetic sensors. We also believe our sensors are smaller than the smallest electromechanical magnetic sensors, more precise in their magnetic switch points, and more sensitive. Compared to other solid-state sensors, our medical sensors may have advantages in size, sensitivity to small magnetic fields, or electrical interface simplicity. 
 Coupler Competition 
 Competing coupler technologies include optical couplers, inductive couplers (transformers), capacitive couplers, and radio-frequency modulation couplers. 
 
 Our strategy is to compete based on product features rather than to compete solely on price. Our couplers are smaller and therefore require less circuit board space per channel than most competing couplers. Our other advantages over competing technologies may include smaller size, higher immunity to transients, and longer product life. MRAM Competition 
 Several emerging technologies could compete with MRAM. Sources and Availability of Raw Materials 
 Our principal sources of raw materials include suppliers of raw silicon and semiconductor foundry wafers that are incorporated into our products, and suppliers of device packaging services. Our wafers sources are based around the world; most of our packaging services take place in Asia. 
 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Intellectual Property Patents 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had more than 50 issued U.S. patents assigned to us. We also have a number of foreign patents, a number of U.S. and foreign patents pending, and we have licensed patents from others. There are no patents we regard as critical to our current business owned by us or licensed to us that expire in the next 12 months. 
 
 We have patents on advanced MRAM designs that we believe are important, including patents that relate to magnetothermal MRAM, spin-momentum MRAM, and synthetic antiferromagnetic storage. 
 
 Some of our intellectual property has been developed with U.S. Government support. Under federal legislation, companies normally may retain the principal worldwide patent rights to any invention developed with U.S. Government support. 
 
 Trademarks 
 NVE and IsoLoop are our registered trademarks. Other trademarks we claim include GMR Switch and GT Sensor. 
 
 Dependence on Major Customers 
 We rely on several large customers for a significant percentage of our revenue, including Abbott Laboratories, Sonova AG, certain other medical device manufacturers, and certain distributors. The loss of one or more of these customers could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Government Regulations 
 We are subject to government regulations including, but not limited to, regulations related to environmental matters, tax matters, securities, conflict minerals, ethics and foreign corrupt practices, import and export controls, product safety and liability, workplace health and safety, labor and employment, and data privacy. We incur and expect to continue to incur costs and expenses to comply with these regulations and may incur penalties for any failure to do so. 
 
 Additionally, certain contracts require us to maintain facilities and personnel security clearances to protect classified information. Such clearances are subject to Government audits and investigations, and any deficiencies or illegal activities identified during the audits or investigations could result in the forfeiture or suspension of payments and civil or criminal penalties. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to environmental laws and regulations particularly state and local laws and regulations relating to industrial waste and emissions. Compliance with these laws and regulations has not had a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position to date. Existing and future environmental laws and regulations could result in expenses related to emission abatement or remediation, but we are currently unable to estimate such expenses. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 We had 56 employees as of March 31, 2023, 51 of whom were full-time. 
 
 We have policies to prevent discrimination based on gender, race, disability, ethnicity, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. We take affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed, and that employees are treated during employment, without regard to their gender, race, disability, ethnicity, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. We also take affirmative action to employ and advance veterans in employment. 
 
 We offer employees excellent fringe benefits, including medical insurance coverage paid for mostly by the Company, dental insurance, Company-paid life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, Company-paid long-term disability insurance, free wellness programs, Company-funded Health Savings Accounts, generous 401(k) matches, ample holidays and Paid Time Off, tuition reimbursement, and free coffee. 
 
 In the past fiscal year, we significantly increased average pay and fringe benefit expenditures to attract, retain, and motivate top-performing employees. 
 
 None of our employees are represented by a labor union or are subject to a collective bargaining agreement, and we believe we maintain good relations with our employees. 
 
 Available Information 
 All reports we file with the SEC, including our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and proxy statements and additional proxy materials on Schedule 14A, as well as any amendments to those reports and schedules, are accessible at no cost through the Investors section of our Website (www.nve.com). These filings are also accessible through the SEC s Website www.sec.gov ). 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 We caution readers that the following important factors, among others, could affect our financial condition, operating results, business prospects, or any other aspect of NVE, and could cause our actual results to differ materially from that projected or estimated by us in the forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. Although we have attempted to list below the important factors that do or may affect our financial condition, operating results, business prospects, or any other aspect of NVE, other factors may in the future prove to be more important. New factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all of such factors. Similarly, we cannot necessarily assess or quantify the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Risks Related to Our Business 
 We face a tight labor market, competition for employees, and wage inflation. 
 In the past two fiscal years, we have experienced increased competition for employees, increased employee turnover, and increased wage inflation. The labor market has been especially tight in Minnesota. We have significantly increased the wages we pay to remain competitive and attract new workers, especially production workers. Labor shortages could impact our revenue and profitability, and increases in labor cost could adversely affect our profit margins and results of operations. The loss of supply from any of our key single-source wafer suppliers could substantially impact our ability to produce and deliver products and seriously harm our business and financial condition. 
 Our critical suppliers include suppliers of certain raw silicon and semiconductor foundry wafers that are incorporated in our products. We maintain inventory of some critical wafers, but we have not identified or qualified alternate suppliers for many of the wafers now being obtained from single sources. In the past fiscal year, there were industry-wide semiconductor wafer shortages. We purchase some wafers from manufacturers in China, which have been subject to tariffs and could be subject to further tariffs or restrictions in the future. Wafer supply could be affected by acts of God such as floods, typhoons, cyclones, earthquakes, or pandemics, and risks related to extreme weather may be exacerbated by the effects of climate change. Wafer supply interruptions for any reason could seriously jeopardize our ability to provide products that are critical to our business and operations, and may cause us to lose revenue. The loss of supply of any critical chemicals or supplies could impact our ability to produce and deliver products and cause loss of revenue. 
 There are a number of critical chemicals and supplies that we require to make products. These include certain gases, photoresists, polymers, metals, and specialized alloys. We maintain inventory of critical chemicals and materials, but in many cases, we are dependent on single sources, and some of the materials could be subject to shortages or be discontinued by their suppliers at any time. The Russia-Ukraine crisis could cause or exacerbate shortages. Sanctions against Russia could affect supplies or prices of materials supplied by Russia, including materials we use such as aluminum, copper, helium, magnesium, manganese, nickel, palladium, platinum, and titanium. Materials supplied by Ukraine include neon, which may be used to produce some of our foundry wafers. Supply interruptions or shortages for any reason could seriously jeopardize our ability to provide products that are critical to our business and operations and may cause us to lose revenue. The loss of supply from any of our packaging vendors could impact our ability to produce and deliver products and cause loss of revenue. 
 We are dependent on our packaging vendors. Because of the unique materials our products use, the complexity of some of our products, unique magnetic requirements, and high isolation voltage specifications, many of our products are more challenging to package than conventional integrated circuits. Some of our products use processes or tooling unique to a particular packaging vendor, and it might be expensive, time-consuming, or impractical to convert to another vendor in the event of a supply interruption due to vendors business decisions, business condition, or acts of God, including floods, typhoons, earthquakes, or pandemics. Lead times for packaging services increased during the COVID-19 pandemic and there have been shortages of raw materials our packaging vendors need for their processes. Government lockdown restrictions, labor shortages, raw-material shortages, and supply-chain disruptions have reduced our vendors capacity and increased their lead times. These conditions could continue, worsen, or recur. Additionally, certain of our packaging vendors are in flood-susceptible areas. Flooding risks to such vendors may increase in the future due to possible higher ocean levels, extreme weather, and other potential effects of climate change. We have alternate vendors or potential alternate vendors for the majority of our products, but it can be expensive, time-consuming, and technically challenging to convert to alternate vendors. Furthermore, we may not be able to recover work in process or finished goods at a packaging vendor in the event of a disruption. Supply delays, interruptions, or loss of inventory could seriously jeopardize our ability to provide products that are critical to our business and operations and may cause us to lose revenue. 
 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We risk losing business to our competitors. 
 We have a number of competitors and potential competitors, many of whom have significantly greater financial, technical, and marketing resources than us. We believe that our competition is increasing as technology and markets mature. This has meant more competitors and more severe pricing pressure. In addition, our competitors may be narrowing or eliminating our performance advantages. We expect these trends to continue, and we may lose business to competitors or it may be necessary to significantly reduce our prices to acquire or retain business. These factors could cause a material adverse impact on our financial condition, revenue, gross profit margins, or income. Failure to meet stringent customer requirements could result in the loss of key customers and reduce our sales. 
 Some of our customers, including certain medical device manufacturers, have stringent technical and quality requirements that require our products to meet certain test and qualification criteria or to adopt and comply with specific quality standards. Certain customers also periodically audit our performance. Failure to meet technical or quality requirements or a negative customer audit could result in the loss of current sales revenue, customers, and future sales. We may lose revenue if we are unable to renew customer agreements. 
 We have agreements with certain customers, including a Supplier Partnering Agreement, as amended, with Abbott Laboratories, which expires December 31, 2023. We cannot predict if these agreements will be renewed, or if renewed, under what terms. Although it is possible we could continue to sell products to these customers without formal agreements, an inability to agree on mutually acceptable terms could have a significant adverse impact on our revenue or profitability. Changes in tax law, in our tax rates or in exposure to additional income tax liabilities may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Changes in law and policy relating to Federal or state corporate taxes, changes in tax rates, or changes in our eligibility for tax credits could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Some of our products are incorporated into medical devices, which could expose us to a risk of product liability claims and such claims could seriously harm our business and financial condition. 
 Certain of our products are used in medical devices, including devices that help sustain human life. We are also marketing our technology to other manufacturers of cardiac pacemakers and ICDs. Although we have indemnification agreements with certain customers including provisions designed to limit our exposure to product liability claims, there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to losses, claims, damages, liabilities, or expenses resulting from bodily injury or property damage arising from the incorporation of our products in devices sold by our customers. Our indemnifying customers may not have the financial resources to cover all liability. Existing or future laws or unfavorable judicial decisions could limit or invalidate the provisions of our indemnification agreements, or the agreements may not be enforceable in all instances. A successful product liability claim could require us to pay, or contribute to payment of, substantial damage awards, which would have a significant negative effect on our business and financial condition. We may lose revenue if we are unable to maintain important certifications. 
 Our quality management system is certified to the ISO 9001 standard, and some of our products are also subject to independent certification and listings including by the VDE Institute and UL LLC. These certifications are subject to a number of rigorous conditions. Failure to achieve or maintain any of our certifications or listings could cause us to be disqualified by one or more of our customers and could have a material adverse impact on our business and revenue. 
 
 Federal legislation may not protect us against liability for the use of our products in medical devices and a successful liability claim could seriously harm our business and financial condition. 
 Although the Biomaterials Access Assurance Act of 1998 may provide us some protection against potential liability claims, that Act includes significant exceptions to supplier immunity provisions, including limitations relating to negligence or willful misconduct. A successful product liability claim could require us to pay, or contribute to payment of, substantial damage awards, which would have a significant negative effect on our business and financial condition. Any product liability claim against us, with or without merit, could result in costly litigation, divert the time, attention, and resources of our management and have a material adverse impact on our business. The malfunction of our products in medical devices could lead to the need to recall devices incorporating our products from the market, which may be harmful to our reputation and cause a significant loss of revenue. 
 The malfunction of our products that are incorporated in medical devices could lead to the recall of existing medical devices incorporating our products. Even if assertions that our products caused or contributed to device failure do not lead to product liability or contract claims, such assertions could harm our reputation and customer relationships. Any damage to our reputation and/or the reputation of our products, or the reputation of our customers or their products could limit the market for our and our customers products and harm our results of operations. 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We may lose business and revenue if our critical production equipment fails. 
 Our production process relies on certain critical pieces of equipment for defining, depositing, and modifying the magnetic properties of thin films. Some of this equipment was designed or customized by us, and some may no longer be in production. While we have an in-house maintenance staff, maintenance agreements for certain equipment, some critical spare parts, and back-ups for some of the equipment, we cannot be sure we could repair or replace critical manufacturing equipment were it to fail. 
 We are subject to risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries that could impair our results of operations. 
 Foreign sales are a significant portion of our revenue and we rely on suppliers in China, India, Taiwan, Thailand, and other foreign countries. Risks relating to operating in foreign markets that could impair our results of operations include economic and political instability; acts of God, including floods, typhoons, cyclones, and earthquakes; public health crises including, but not limited to, difficulties in enforcement of contractual obligations and intellectual property rights; changes in regulatory requirements; changes in import/export regulations and tariffs; transportation delays; and other uncertainties relating to the administration of, or changes in, or new interpretation of, the laws, regulations, and policies of jurisdictions where we do business. Public health crises could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial results. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic disrupted our supply chains and caused employee absences. Impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health crises could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or our financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with the availability of natural resources and energy. 
 We use significant resources such as electricity, natural gas, and water in our production processes. New or increased climate change regulation could increase our energy costs, for example as a result of carbon pricing impacts on natural gas or electrical utilities. Furthermore, environmental regulations or the impacts of climate change could curtail the availability of electricity we need for production or increase the number of incidents of power outages. Increased natural resource or energy costs, or decreased availability, could have adverse effects on our results of operations by increasing our costs and expenses or requiring us to change our production processes. Our business could be negatively impacted by cybersecurity events or information technology disruptions. 
 We face various cyber security threats, including threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our proprietary or classified information, and denial-of-service attacks. Additionally, there is a risk of disruptions due to failures of our information technology infrastructure or service provider outages. We maintain policies and procedures for the mitigation of information technology risks, and we maintain data backups, backup hardware, and some redundant systems. We have experienced cyber security events and disruptions such as viruses, ransomware, hacker attacks, and limited server, Website, and e-mail outages. Although these events did not materially impact our business, future events could disrupt our operations, harm our reputation, expose us to liability, compromise our eligibility for research and development contracts involving sensitive or classified information, or have other effects including unpredictable effects. We could incur losses on our marketable securities. 
 As of March 31, 2023, we held 52,544,283 in short-term and long-term marketable securities, representing approximately 76 of our total assets. Business conditions, bond-market conditions, and interest rates increases beyond our control or ability to anticipate can cause credit-rating downgrades, increased default risk, or unrealized losses. Additionally, the assignment of a high credit rating does not preclude the risk of default on any marketable security. Any losses on our marketable securities could impact our financial condition, income, or cash flows, or our ability to pay dividends. We may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights. 
 We protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property by seeking patents, trademarks, and copyrights, and by maintaining trade secrets by entering into confidentiality agreements with employees, suppliers, customers, and prospective customers depending on the circumstances. We hold patents or are the licensee of others owning patented technology covering certain aspects of our products and technology. These patent rights may be challenged, rendered unenforceable, invalidated, or circumvented. Additionally, rights granted under the patents or under licensing agreements may not provide a competitive advantage to us. Efforts to enforce patent rights can involve substantial expense and may not be successful. Furthermore, others may independently develop similar, superior, or parallel technologies to any technology developed by us, or our technology may prove to infringe on patents or rights owned by others. Thus the patents held by or licensed to us may not afford us any meaningful competitive advantage. Also, our confidentiality agreements may not provide meaningful protection of our proprietary information. Our inability to maintain our proprietary rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Our Industry 
 
 We face an uncertain economic environment in the industries we serve, which could adversely affect our business. 
 We sell our products into the semiconductor market, which has been highly cyclical. We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown, recession, semiconductor-industry slowdown or subsequent recovery. The economic environment could have a material adverse impact on our business and revenue. 
 Our business and our reliance on intellectual property exposes us to litigation risks. 
 If patent infringement claims or actions are asserted against us, we may be required to obtain a license or cross-license, modify our existing technology or design a new noninfringing technology. Such licenses or design modifications can be costly or could increase the cost of our products. In addition, we may decide to settle a claim or action against us, which settlement could be costly. We may also be liable for any past infringement, and we may be required to indemnify our customers against expenses relating to possible infringement. If there is an adverse ruling against us in an infringement lawsuit, an injunction could be issued barring production or sale of any infringing product. It could also result in a damage award equal to a reasonable royalty or lost profits or, if there is a finding of willful infringement, treble damages. Any of these results would increase our costs or harm our operating results. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Stock 
 
 Any decisions to reduce or discontinue paying cash dividends to our shareholders could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 Future dividends will be subject to Board approval and will take into account factors including our results of operations, cash and marketable security balances, the timing of securities maturations, estimates of future cash requirements, fixed asset requirements, and other factors our Board may deem relevant. Because they are generally more than our current cash flow from operations, recent and declared dividend amounts may be unsustainable. Any reduction or discontinuance by us of cash dividends could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. The price of our common stock may be adversely affected by significant price fluctuations due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 From time to time our stock price has decreased sharply and could decline in the future. The market price of our common stock may be significantly affected by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

the announcement of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; 

delays in our introduction of new products or technologies or market acceptance of these products or technologies; 

loss of customers, decreases in customers purchases, or decreases in customers purchase prices; 

changes in demand for our customers products; 

quarterly variations in our financial results, revenue, or revenue growth rates; 

speculation in the press or elsewhere about our business, potential revenue, or potential earnings; 

general economic conditions or market conditions specific to industries we or our customers serve or may serve; 

legal proceedings involving us, including intellectual property litigation or class action litigation; 

changes in Federal or state corporate income tax rates, tax credits, or other changes in tax policies; 

changes in tariffs, customs, duties, or other trade barriers in foreign jurisdictions where we purchase raw materials or sell our products; and 

our stock repurchase and dividend policies and decisions. 

10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 Our principal executive offices and manufacturing facility are located at 11409 Valley View Road, Eden Prairie, Minnesota, 55344, and leased under an agreement expiring March 31, 2026. The space consists of 21,362 square feet of offices, laboratories, and production areas. We have expanded the facility s production space in recent years are have limited options to further expand production in the current facility. We are exploring options for future expansion if necessary. We hold no investments in real estate. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may become involved in litigation. At this time, we are not aware of any material pending or threatened legal proceedings or other proceedings contemplated by governmental authorities that we expect would have a material adverse impact on our future results of operation and financial condition. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Market Information and Dividends 
 Our Common Stock trades on the Capital Market tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol NVEC. 
 
 Dividends have been funded from net cash provided by operating activities and proceeds from maturities of marketable securities. Our dividend policy is subject to change at any time, and future dividends will be subject to Board approval and subject to the company s results of operations, cash and marketable security balances, our forecasts of future cash requirements, and other factors our Board may deem relevant. 
 Shareholders 
 We had approximately 54 shareholders of record as of April 12, 2023. There are also several thousand beneficial holders of our common stock in street name, whose shares of record are held by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information regarding our securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans will be included in the section Equity Compensation Plan Information of our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated by reference into Item 12 of this Report. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 We repurchased 1,000 shares in fiscal 2023 and 2,888 shares in fiscal 2022. The Stock Repurchase Program may be modified or discontinued at any time without notice, and our Board of Directors has resolved to forgo stock buybacks for five years if, under Government policies, such a voluntary agreement would result in preferential treatment for grants under the CHIPS and Science Act of 2022. 
 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 You should read this discussion together with our financial statements and notes included elsewhere in this Report. In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results could differ materially from those presently anticipated due to a variety of factors, including those discussed in Item 1A of this Report. 
 
 General 
 We develop and sell devices that use spintronics, a nanotechnology that relies on electron spin rather than electron charge to acquire, store, and transmit information. We manufacture high-performance spintronic products including sensors and couplers to revolutionize data sensing and transmission. We also receive contracts for research and development and are a licensor of spintronic magnetoresistive random access memory technology, commonly known as MRAM. 
 
 Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 In accordance with SEC guidance, those material accounting policies that we believe are the most critical to an investor s understanding of our financial results and condition and require complex management judgment are discussed below. 
 
 Investment Valuation 
 Our investments consist primarily of corporate obligations. We have generally invested excess cash in high-quality investment grade long-term marketable securities with less than five years to maturity. We classify all of our marketable securities as available-for-sale, thus securities are recorded at fair value and any associated unrealized gain or loss, net of tax, is included as a separate component of shareholders equity, Accumulated other comprehensive income. If we judged a decline in fair value for any security to be other than temporary, the cost basis of the individual security would be written down and a charge recognized to net income. The fair values for our securities are determined based on quoted market prices as of the valuation date and observable prices for similar assets. We consider a number of factors in determining whether other-than-temporary impairment exists, including credit market conditions; the credit ratings of the securities; historical default rates for securities of comparable credit rating; the presence of insurance of the securities and, if insured, the credit rating and financial condition of the insurer; the effect of market interest rates on the value of the securities; and the duration and extent of any unrealized losses. We also consider the likelihood that we will be required to sell the securities prior to maturity based on our financial condition and anticipated cash flows. If any of these conditions and estimates change in the future, or, if different estimates are used, the fair value of the investments may change significantly and could result in other-than-temporary decline in value, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 Inventory Valuation 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined by the first in, first out method. Where there is evidence that inventory could be disposed of at less than carrying value, the inventory is written down to the net realizable value in the current period. Additionally, we periodically examine our inventory in the context of inventory turnover, sales trends, competition, and other market factors, and we record provisions to inventory reserve when we determine certain inventory is unlikely to be sold. If reserved inventory is subsequently sold, corresponding reductions in inventory and inventory reserves are made. Our inventory reserve was 215,000 as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. Deferred Tax Assets Estimation 
 In determining the carrying value of our net deferred tax assets, we must assess the likelihood of sufficient future taxable income in certain tax jurisdictions, based on estimates and assumptions to realize the benefit of these assets. We evaluate the realizability of the deferred assets quarterly and assess the need for valuation allowances or reduction of existing allowances quarterly. No valuation allowance was recorded as we believe it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. 
 
 We had 572,038 of net deferred tax assets as of March 31, 2023, and 483,469 as of March 31, 2022. Net deferred tax assets included 71,734 in deferred tax assets for stock-based compensation deductions as of March 31, 2023 and 88,710 as of March 31, 2022. 
 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes the percentage of revenue and year-to-year changes for various items for the last two fiscal years: 

Percentage of Revenue 

Year- 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 
 
 to-Year 

2023 
 
 2022 

Change 
 
 Revenue 

Product sales 
 97.2 

95.9 

43.8 

Contract research and development 
 2.8 

4.1 

(5.6) 

Total revenue 
 100.0 

100.0 

41.7 

Cost of sales 
 21.1 

23.2 

28.7 

Gross profit 
 78.9 

76.8 

45.7 

Expenses 

Research and development 
 6.8 

10.8 

(11.7) 

Selling, general, and administrative 
 5.1 

5.5 

33.6 

Total expenses 
 11.9 

16.3 

3.5 

Income from operations 
 67.0 

60.5 

57.0 

Interest income 
 3.8 

4.3 

23.7 

Income before taxes 
 70.8 

64.8 

54.8 

Provision for income taxes 
 11.5 

11.0 

47.0 

Net income 
 59.3 

53.8 

56.4 

Total revenue for fiscal 2023 increased 42 compared to fiscal 2022 due to a 44 increase in product sales, partially offset by a 6 decrease in contract research and development revenue. The increase in product sales was primarily due to increased purchases by existing customers, and sales increased in most of our markets and product lines. The decrease in contract research and development revenue was due to the completion of certain contracts. 
 
 Gross profit as a percentage of revenue increased to 79 for fiscal 2023 from 77 for fiscal 2022. The increase was primarily due to economies of scale from increased production and increased prices, partially offset by increased material and labor costs. 
 
 Total expenses increased 4 for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 due primarily to a 34 increase in selling, general, and administrative expense, partially offset by a 12 decrease in research and development expense. The decrease in research and development expense was primarily due to the reallocation of resources to revenue-generating activities. The increase in selling, general, and administrative expense was primarily due to staffing changes and increased employee compensation. 
 
 Interest income for fiscal 2023 increased 24 due to an increase in our available-for-sale securities and an increase in the average interest rates on those securities. 
 
 Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 decreased to 16 of income before taxes from 17 for fiscal 2022. The decrease was due to 197,008 in investment tax credits under the CHIPS and Science Act of 2022. Such credits require qualifying investments, and eligibility criteria are subject to changes in Federal tax policies. Therefore, our effective tax rate in fiscal 2023 may not be indicative of the rate for future periods. 
 
 The 56 increase in net income in fiscal 2023 compared to the prior year was primarily due to increased product sales, increased gross profit margin, and increased interest income. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our liquidity and operating capital requirements are primarily for purchases of raw materials such as foundry wafers, purchases of packaging services, and the maintenance of work-in-process inventories. We maintain most of our marketable securities as long-term to maximize yield and fund future dividends. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents were 1,669,896 as of March 31, 2023, compared to 10,449,510 as of March 31, 2022. The 8,779,614 decrease in cash and cash equivalents was due to 19,344,004 net cash used in financing activities and 8,527,108 net cash used by investing activities, partially offset by 19,091,498 in net cash provided by operating activities. 
 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities related to product sales and research and development contract revenue as our primary source of working capital for fiscal 2023 and 2022. Net cash provided by operating activities was 19,091,498 for fiscal 2023 and 12,503,679 for fiscal 2022. 
 
 Accounts receivable increased 1,818,515 primarily due to increased product sales and the timing of sales to customers. 
 
 Inventory increased 1,328,375 primarily due to our decisions to increase inventories to support increased product sales and to mitigate supply-chain risks. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2023 was due to marketable securities purchases of 28,441,317 and fixed assets purchases of 935,791, partially offset by marketable securities maturations of 20,750,000 and the receipt of a 100,000 tenant-improvement allowance. 
 
 The 935,791 of fixed asset purchases in fiscal 2023 was a significant increase from 484,579 in fiscal 2022. Purchases in fiscal 2023 and 2022 were primarily for capital equipment to increase our production throughput and capacity and were financed with cash provided by operating activities. Our capital expenditures can vary significantly from year to year depending on our needs and equipment purchasing opportunities. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2023 was due to 19,323,304 in cash dividends to shareholders and 20,700 of common stock repurchases. 
 
 In addition to cash dividends to shareholders paid in fiscal 2023, on May 3, 2023, we announced that our Board had declared a cash dividend of 1.00 per share of Common Stock, or 4,830,826 based on shares outstanding as of April 28, 2023, to be paid May 31, 2023. We plan to fund dividends through cash provided by operating activities and proceeds from maturities of marketable securities. All future dividends will be subject to Board approval and subject to the company s results of operations, cash and marketable security balances, estimates of future cash requirements, the impacts of supply-chain shortages, the impacts of cost inflation, and other factors the Board may deem relevant. Furthermore, dividends may be modified or discontinued at any time without notice. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 Financial statements and accompanying notes are included in this Report beginning on page F-1. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has performed an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures that are defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this Report. This evaluation included consideration of the controls, processes, and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of March 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework . Based on our assessment using the criteria set forth by COSO in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework , management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2023. 
 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within NVE have been detected. Our internal controls over financial reporting, however, are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of internal control over financial reporting are met. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 During the year ended March 31, 2023, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 The section titled Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports sets forth information regarding delinquent Section 16(a) reports required by Item 10, to be included in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, the section titled Proposal 1. Election of Board of Directors sets forth certain information regarding our directors and executive officers required by Item 10, the section titled Information About Our Executive Officers sets forth information regarding our executive officers required by Item 10, and the section titled Corporate Governance sets forth information regarding our corporate governance and code of ethics required by Item 10. The information in these sections to be included in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference into this section. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 The information in the sections Executive Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Corporate Governance Board Committees Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Director Compensation to be included in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference into this section. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 The information in the sections Equity Compensation Plan Information and Security Ownership to be included in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference into this section. Information regarding the material features of our 2000 Stock Option Plan, as amended, is contained in Note 5 to the Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 The information in the sections Security Ownership Transactions With Related Persons, Promoters, and Certain Control Persons and Corporate Governance Board Composition and Independence to be included in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference into this section. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 The information in the sections Audit Committee Disclosure Fees Billed to Us by Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm During Fiscal 2023 and 2022 and Audit Committee Disclosure Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy to be included in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference into this section. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 (a) Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Financial statements are provided pursuant to Item 8 of this Report. Certain financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or the required information is provided in other financial statements or the notes to the financial statements. 
 
 (b) Exhibits 
 A list of exhibits is on the following page. 
 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Exhibit # 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the company as amended by the Board of Directors effective November 21, 2002 (incorporated by reference to the Form 10-QSB for the period ended December 31, 2002). 
 
 3.2 
 Bylaws of the company as amended by the Board of Directors effective May 6, 2020. 
 
 4 
 Description of the registrant s securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 10.1 
 Lease dated October 1, 1998 with Glenborough Properties, LP (incorporated by reference to the Form 10-QSB for the period ended September 30, 2002). 
 
 10.2 
 First amendment to lease with Glenborough dated September 18, 2002 (incorporated by reference to the Form 10-QSB for the period ended September 30, 2002). 
 
 10.3 
 Second amendment to lease with Glenborough dated December 1, 2003 (incorporated by reference to the Form 10-QSB for the period ended December 31, 2003). 
 
 10.4 
 Third amendment to lease with Carlson Real Estate (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K/A filed December 20, 2007). 
 
 10.5 
 Fourth amendment to lease with the Barbara C. Gage Revocable Trust (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed August 3, 2011). 
 
 10.6 
 Fifth amendment to lease with GRE Bryant Lake, LLC (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed March 3, 2020). 
 
 10.7 
 Employment Agreement with Daniel A. Baker dated January 29, 2001 (incorporated by reference to the Form 10-KSB for the year ended March 31, 2001). 
 
 10.8 
 NVE Corporation 2000 Stock Option Plan as Amended July 19, 2001 by the shareholders (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed July 20, 2001). 
 
 10.9 
 Indemnification Agreement by and between Pacesetter, Inc., a St. Jude Medical Company, and the company (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed September 27, 2005). 
 
 10.10+ 
 Supplier Partnering Agreement by and between St. Jude and the company (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed January 4, 2006). 
 
 10.11+ 
 Amendment No. 1 to St. Jude Supplier Partnering Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K/A filed September 10, 2007). 
 
 10.12+ 
 Amendment No. 2 to St. Jude Supplier Partnering Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K/A filed December 18, 2009). 
 
 10.13+ 
 Amendment No. 3 to St. Jude Supplier Partnering Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K/A filed September 16, 2010). 
 
 10.14 
 Amendment No. 4 to St. Jude Supplier Partnering Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K/A filed February 7, 2011). 
 
 10.15 
 Supplier Quality Agreement between St. Jude and the company (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed February 10, 2016). 
 
 10.16 
 Amendment No. 5 to St. Jude Supplier Partnering Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K/A filed April 21, 2016). 
 
 10.17 
 Amendment No. 6 to Abbott Supplier Partnering Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K/A filed December 21, 2020). 
 
 10.18 
 Amendment No. 7 to Abbott Supplier Partnering Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2021). 
 
 10.19 
 Amendment No. 8 to Abbott Supplier Partnering Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K/A filed February 2, 2022). 
 
 10.20 
 Amendment No. 9 to Supplier Partnering Agreement between Abbott and the company (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K/A filed January 25, 2023). 
 
 10.21+ 
 Supply Agreement by and with Sonova AG (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K/A filed November 16, 2015). 
 
 10.22 
 First Amendment to Sonova Supply Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K/A filed February 18, 2020). 
 
 23 
 Consent of Boulay PLLP. 
 
 31.1 
 Certification by Daniel A. Baker pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 Certification by Joseph R. Schmitz pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 
 32 
 Certification by Daniel A. Baker and Joseph R. Schmitz pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. +Confidential portions deleted and filed separately with the SEC. Certain confidential portions redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. The omitted information is (i) not material and (ii) would likely cause us competitive harm if publicly disclosed. We agree to furnish supplementally an unredacted copy of the exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission on its request. 
 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 We have elected not to include an optional Form 10-K Summary. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NVE CORPORATION 
 (Registrant) 
 
 /s/Daniel A. Baker by Daniel A. Baker President and Chief Executive Officer Date May 3, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/Terrence W. Glarner Terrence W. Glarner 
 Director and Chairman of the Board 
 May 3, 2023 
 
 /s/Daniel A. Baker Daniel A. Baker 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 May 3, 2023 
 
 /s/ Joseph R. Schmitz Joseph R. Schmitz 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 May 3, 2023 
 
 /s/Patricia M. Hollister Patricia M. Hollister 
 Director 
 May 3, 2023 
 
 /s/Richard W. Kramp Richard W. Kramp 
 Director 
 May 3, 2023 
 
 /s/James W. Bracke James W. Bracke 
 Director 
 May 3, 2023 

17 
 
 Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of NVE Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of NVE Corporation (the Company) as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 
 
 /s/ 
 PCOAB ID: 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. May 3, 2023 
 
 F-1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NVE CORPORATION BALANCE SHEETS 

March 31, 2023 

March 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities, short-term 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total current assets 

Fixed assets 

Machinery and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

12,440,674 

11,550,116 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Net fixed assets 

Deferred tax assets 

Marketable securities, long-term 

Right-of-use asset operating lease 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll and other 

Operating lease 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders equity 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 
 
 Retained earnings 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See accompanying notes. 
 
 F-2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NVE CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Revenue 

Product sales 

Contract research and development 

Total revenue 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Expenses 

Research and development 

Selling, general, and administrative 

Total expenses 

Income from operations 

Interest income 

Income before taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Net income per share basic 

Net income per share diluted 

Cash dividends declared per common share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Net income 

Unrealized gain (loss) from marketable securities, net of tax 

() 

() 
 
 Comprehensive income 

See accompanying notes. 
 
 F-3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NVE CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Accumulated Other Comprehen- sive Income 

Retained 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

(Loss) 

Earnings 

Total 

Balance as of March 31, 2021 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Exercise of stock options, net of shares withheld for exercise price 

() 

Comprehensive income: 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities, net of tax 

() 

() 
 
 Net income 

Total comprehensive income 

Stock-based compensation 

Cash dividends declared 4.00 per share of common stock) 

() 

() 
 
 Balance as of March 31, 2022 

() 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Exercise of stock options, net of shares withheld for exercise price 

() 

Comprehensive income: 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax 

() 

() 
 
 Net income 

Total comprehensive income 

Stock-based compensation 

Cash dividends declared 4.00 per share of common stock) 

() 

() 
 
 Balance as of March 31, 2023 

() 

See accompanying notes. 
 
 F-4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NVE CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 
 
 Inventories 

() 

() 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases of fixed assets 

() 

() 
 
 Purchases of marketable securities 

() 

Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities 

Receipt of tenant improvement allowance 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 
 
 Payment of dividends to shareholders 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for income taxes 

See accompanying notes. 
 F-5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NVE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

charges or provisions to our allowance for doubtful accounts in fiscal 2023 or 2022. 

for fiscal 2023 and for fiscal 2022. 
 
 F-6 
 
 Table of Contents 

Dilutive effect of stock options 

Shares used in computing net income per share diluted 

F-7 
 
 Table of Contents 

Total available-for-sale securities represented approximately 76 of our total assets. Marketable securities as of March 31, 2023 had remaining maturities between 12 days and 73 months. 
 
 Generally accepted accounting principles establish a framework for measuring fair value, provide a definition of fair value, and prescribe required disclosures about fair-value measurements. Generally accepted accounting principles define fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability. Fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined using assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. Generally accepted accounting principles utilize a valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements. The categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The categories within the valuation hierarchy are described as follows: 
 
 Level 1 Financial instruments with quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 
 Level 2 Financial instruments with quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities. Level 2 fair value measurements are determined using either prices for similar instruments or inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable, such as interest rates. 
 
 Level 3 Inputs to the fair value measurement are unobservable inputs or valuation techniques. 
 
 F-8 
 
 Table of Contents 

Corporate bonds 

Total 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

The following table shows the gross unrealized holding losses and fair value of our available-for-sale securities with unrealized holding losses, aggregated by class of securities and length of time that individual securities had been in a continuous unrealized loss position as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Total 

() 

() 

() 

As of March 31, 2022 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Total 

() 

() 

() 

We did not consider any of our available-for-sale securities to be impaired as of March 31, 2023. None of the securities were impaired at acquisition, and subsequent declines in fair value are not attributed to declines in credit quality. When evaluating for impairment we assess indicators that include, but are not limited to, earnings performance, changes in underlying credit ratings, market conditions, bona fide offers to purchase or sell, and ability to hold until maturity. Because we believe it is more likely than not we will recover the cost basis of our investments, we did not consider any of our marketable securities to be impaired as of March 31, 2023. 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Total inventories 

F-9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 in fiscal 2023 and in fiscal 2022. 
 Valuation assumptions 
 We use the to determine the fair value of stock options. The following assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of options granted: 

Expected volatility 

Expected life (years) 

Dividend yield 

The determination of the fair value of the awards on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton model is affected by our stock price as well as assumptions of other variables, including projected stock option exercise behaviors, risk-free interest rate, and expected volatility of our stock price in future periods. Our estimates and assumptions affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. 
 
 Expected life 
 We analyze historical exercise and termination data to estimate the expected life assumption. We believe historical data currently represents the best estimate of the expected life of a new option. 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 The risk-free rate is based on the yield of U.S. Treasury securities on the grant date for maturities similar to the expected lives of the options. 
 
 Volatility 
 We use historical volatility to estimate the expected volatility of our common stock. Dividend yield 
 We assumed a 5.0 to 5.5 dividend yield for fiscal 2023 and 5.0 to 5.4 for fiscal 2022 based on the dividend yield on the date the options were granted. Tax effects of stock-based compensation 
 Stock-based compensation reduced deferred tax assets by 16,976 for fiscal 2023 and increased deferred tax assets by 13,521 for fiscal 2022. General stock option information 
 The following table summarizes the activity for all stock options outstanding for the years ended March 31: 

Granted 

Exercised 
 () 

()) 

Terminated 

() 

At March 31, 

Options exercisable at March 31, 

F-10 
 
 Table of Contents 

The remaining weighted-average exercisable life was years as of March 31, 2023 and years as of March 31, 2022. outstanding options were exercisable as of March 31, 2023 and outstanding options were exercisable as of March 31, 2022. The total intrinsic value of options outstanding March 31, 2023, based on our closing stock price for that day, was 562,415, all of which was exercisable. The total fair value of option grants was in fiscal 2023. There was of unrecognized stock-based compensation as of March 31, 2023 related to nonvested options, which we expect to recognize in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. 

State 

Deferred taxes 

Federal 

() 
 
 State 

() 
 
 Income tax provision 

A reconciliation of income tax provisions at the U.S. statutory rate for fiscal 2023 and 2022 is as follows: 

State income taxes, net of Federal benefit 

Research development and manufacturing tax credits 

() 

() 
 
 Foreign-derived intangible income deduction 

() 

() 
 
 Other 

() 
 
 Income tax provision 

F-11 
 
 Table of Contents 

Inventory reserve 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

Stock-based compensation deductions 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities 

UNICAP 263A inventory 

Other 

Deferred tax assets 

We had no unrecognized tax benefits as of March 31, 2023, and we do not expect any significant unrecognized tax benefits within 12 months of the reporting date. We recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of March 31, 2023 we had no accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions. Income taxes payable were 161,092 as of March 31, 2023 and 432,506 as of March 31, 2022. The tax years 2019 through 2021 remain open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which we are subject. 
 
 Unrealize losses on our available-for-sale securities and their tax effects are as follows: 

() 
 
 Tax effects 

Unrealized loss from available-for-sale securities, net of tax 

() 

() 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Operating cash flows for leases 

Remaining lease term (years) 

Discount rate 

The following table presents the maturities of lease liabilities as of March 31, 2023: 

2025 

2026 

Total lease payments 

Imputed lease interest 

() 
 
 Total lease liabilities 

F-12 
 
 Table of Contents 

Customer B 

These customers accounted for 19 of our accounts receivable as of March 31, 2023 and 40 as of March 31, 2022. We believe the receivable balances from these customers do not represent a significant credit risk based on past collection experience. 
 
 of our Common Stock from time to time in open market, block, or privately negotiated transactions. The timing and extent of any repurchases depends on market conditions, the trading price of the company s stock, tax considerations, and other factors, and subject to the restrictions relating to volume, price, and timing under applicable law. On August 27, 2015, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized up to 5,000,000 of additional repurchases. Our repurchase program does not have an expiration date and does not obligate us to purchase any shares. The Program may be modified or discontinued at any time without notice. Our Board of Directors has resolved to forgo stock buybacks for five years if, under Government policies, such a voluntary agreement would result in preferential treatment for grants under the CHIPS and Science Act of 2022. 
 
 We intend to finance any stock repurchases with cash provided by operating activities or maturating marketable securities. We repurchased shares of our Common Stock in fiscal 2023 and shares in fiscal 2022. The remaining authorization was as of March 31, 2023. 

of the first of participants before-tax salary deferral contributions. Our matching contributions were for fiscal 2023 and for fiscal 2022. 
 
 of per share of Common Stock to be paid to shareholders of record as of the close of business . 

F-13 
 
 Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit # 
 Description 
 
 4 
 Description of the registrant s securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 23 
 Consent of Boulay PLLP. 
 
 31.1 
 Certification by Daniel A. Baker pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 Certification by Joseph R. Schmitz pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 
 32 
 Certification by Daniel A. Baker and Joseph R. Schmitz pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

F-14 

<EX-4>
 2
 nve_ex4.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Description of Securities 

Exhibit 4 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Description of Our Common Stock 
 The following description of our Common Stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. For a complete description of the terms and provisions of our equity securities, including our common stock, refer to our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws as amended, both of which are furnished as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Authorized Capital 
 The Corporation is authorized to issue an aggregate number of shares of capital stock of 10,000,000 shares, 6,000,000 of which is Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share, and 4,000,000 shares of which are undesignated, 0.01 par value per share. Our Board of Directors is authorized to establish from the undesignated shares one or more classes or series of shares, to set forth the designation of each such class or series and to fix the relative rights and preferences of each such class or series to the full extent permitted by law. Voting Rights 
 Our Common Stock does not have cumulative voting rights. Other Rights 
 Special meetings of the shareholders may be called by the holders of not less than three percent of the shares outstanding and entitled to vote. Listing 
 Our Common Stock is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC under the trading symbol NVEC. 

</EX-4>

<EX-23>
 3
 nve_ex23.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Exhibit 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our report dated May 3, 2023, with respect to the financial statements included in the Annual Report of NVE Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023. We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statement of NVE Corporation on Form S-8 (File No. 333-65560). 
 
 /s/ BOULAY PLLP 
 Boulay PLLP 
 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 May 3, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 nve_ex31z1.htm
 CEO CERTIFICATION

CEO Certification 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Daniel A. Baker, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NVE Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 3, 2023 

/s/ DANIEL A. BAKER 

Daniel A. Baker 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 nve_ex31z2.htm
 CFO CERTIFICATION

CFO Certification 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Joseph R. Schmitz, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NVE Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 3, 2023 

/s/ JOSEPH R. SCHMITZ 

Joseph R. Schmitz 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 nve_ex32.htm
 SECTIION 906 CERTIFICATION

Sectiion 906 Certification 

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 
 The undersigned certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to the undersigned s knowledge: 
 
 1. The accompanying Annual Report of NVE Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: May 3, 2023 

/s/ DANIEL A. BAKER 

Daniel A. Baker 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ JOSEPH R. SCHMITZ 

Joseph R. Schmitz 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nvec-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nvec-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nvec-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nvec-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 nvec-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

