<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1843388_0001628280-23-011773.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12334770</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>722339</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1964790</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4430695</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2678939</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2300576</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-011773.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417161807
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-011773
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001843388
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEARCH, DETECTION, NAVIGATION, GUIDANCE, AERONAUTICAL SYS [3812]
		IRS NUMBER:				981576914
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40267
		FILM NUMBER:		23824179

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4022 EAST CONANT STREET
		CITY:			LONG BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90808
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(562) 706-7108

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4022 EAST CONANT STREET
		CITY:			LONG BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90808

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NextGen Acquisition Corp. II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210129

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-011773.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 vorb-20221231.htm
 10-K

vorb-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 
 
 On April 4, 2023, Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. (the Company was notified by the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq of Nasdaq s intention to delist the Company s common stock and warrants as a result of the Company s filing of a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code and that trading of the Company s securities would be suspended effective at the opening of business on April 13, 2023. The Company has requested a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel to appeal Nasdaq s determination to delist the Company s securities. Trading of the Company s securities will remain suspended pending the appeal process. Nasdaq will not take any action to delist the Company s securities pending a final written decision by the Nasdaq Hearings Panel. 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates, computed by reference to the closing sales price of 3.83 reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, was approximately million. 
 
 As of April 4, 2023, there were approximately shares of the registrant's common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Con tents 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 2 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 2 
 Part I 
 4 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 42 
 Item 2. Properties 
 42 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 42 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 
 Part II 
 44 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 44 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 44 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 45 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 61 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 61 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 61 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 61 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 62 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 62 
 Part III 
 63 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 63 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 67 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 72 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 74 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 79 
 Part IV 
 80 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 80 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 83 
 Signatures 
 84 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F- 1 
 
 1 

Table of Con tents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements contained in this Annual Report other than statements of historical fact, including, without limitation, statements regarding the impact of the Chapter 11 Cases (as defined below) on our business, operations and prospects; our ability to continue to operate our business; our future results of operations and financial position, our capital requirements, ability to obtain adequate financing and our ability to continue as a going concern, our business strategy, the growth of the space market, our planned commercial launches, the expansion of our portfolio of space offerings, our research and development costs and timing and likelihood of success of the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, seeks, projects, intends, plans, may or should or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, though not all forward-looking statements use these words or expressions. Such forward-looking statements are based on available current market material and management s expectations, beliefs and forecasts concerning future events impacting us. Such statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements due to various factors, including, but not limited to, those identified in Part II . Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 
 Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. 
 You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors section of this Annual Report and the documents we reference herein. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report and any Annual Report document incorporated by reference are based on current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us and our business. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements through these cautionary statements. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. We disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 As used in this Annual Report, Chapter 11 Cases refers to the voluntary proceedings under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the Bankruptcy Code commenced by us and our domestic subsidiaries on April 4, 2023 in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware, under the caption In re Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. et al. (Case No. 23-10405). 
 
 RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks of which you should be aware before making an investment decision. These risks are discussed more fully in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report. These risks include the following: 
 
 We are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with the Chapter 11 Cases. 
 
 Our business could suffer from a long and protracted restructuring. 
 
 In certain instances, a Chapter 11 case may be converted to a case under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
 
 As a result of the Chapter 11 Cases, our historical financial information will not be indicative of our future performance. 
 
 We may be subject to claims that will not be discharged in the Chapter 11 Cases, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Chapter 11 Cases will consume a substantial portion of the time and attention of our management, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, and we may experience increased levels of employee attrition. 
 2 

Table of Con tents 

 We may be unable to comply with restrictions imposed by the DIP Credit Agreement (as defined herein). 
 
 As a result of our initiation of the Chapter 11 Cases, the Nasdaq Stock Market has informed us of their intention to delist our common stock and warrants from trading, which would result in a more limited market and lack of liquidity for our securities. 
 We will require additional financing to continue our operations and grow our business, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, would force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our operations, which could have the result of causing our business to fail and liquidating with little or no return to investors. 
 Our losses from operations and liquidity conditions and the Company s petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 The success of our business will be highly dependent on our ability to effectively market and sell our launch services for small low Earth orbit LEO satellites at the needed cadence, our national security and defense services and space solutions, and to convert contracted revenues and our pipeline of potential contracts into actual revenues. 
 The market for launch services for small LEO satellites and space solutions is not well established, is still emerging and may not achieve the growth potential at the price points we expect or may grow more slowly than expected. 
 Our ability to grow our business depends on the successful operation and performance of our launch systems and related technology and our ability to introduce new enhancements or services in a timely manner, which are subject to many uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. 
 We may not be able to convert our contracted revenue or potential contracts into actual revenue. 
 We routinely conduct hazardous operations when testing and launching our rockets, which could result in damage to property or persons. Unsatisfactory performance or failure of our rockets and related technology at launch or during operations could reduce customer confidence and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to adapt to and satisfy customer demands in a timely and cost-effective manner, or if we are unable to manufacture our rockets at a quantity and quality that our customers demand, our ability to grow our business may suffer. 
 We may be unable to manage our future growth effectively, which could make it difficult to execute our business strategy. 
 If we commercialize outside the United States, we will be exposed to a variety of risks associated with international operations that could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 3 

Table of Con tents 

 Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Company Overview 
 We are a vertically integrated space company that provides customers dedicated and rideshare small-satellite launch capabilities. Our philosophy is to operate a mobile launch system that can launch at any time, to any orbit, without warning. Our vision is to use space to drive positive and lasting change on Earth, from connecting communities to advancing scientific initiatives; supporting America s and other nations space presence, supporting the global space operations that enhance the way joint and coalition forces fight, and helping create the next generation of world-changing space technology. 
 Since our founding in 2017, we have invested in research and development efforts to develop a unique air-launch system, comprised of Cosmic Girl, a modified Boeing 747 aircraft, and the LauncherOne rocket. Cosmic Girl serves as a reusable mobile launch pad, carrying LauncherOne aloft, a two-stage rocket that is the world s first and only liquid-fueled, air-launched rocket to reach orbit successfully. This mobile system allows us to serve a broad array of applications and end markets, providing customers with a highly differentiated solution to launch satellites relative to other existing small-satellite ground launch providers. 
 We believe there is near- and medium-term acceleration in the growth of the space market, driven by rapid advances in launch and satellite technology. As a result, there has been a proliferation of private sector space companies pursuing the growing demand for space solutions across multiple applications. There are numerous private small-satellite launch companies (focused on developing rockets to carry satellites of less than 1,000 kg to 500 km low Earth orbit), but to our knowledge, only five small-satellite launch providers in the U.S. have successfully delivered launch payloads to their intended orbits Astra Space, Northrop Grumman, Rocket Lab, SpaceX, and Virgin Orbit. As one of the few proven small-satellite launch providers, we believe we are well-positioned to benefit from these attractive industry tailwinds. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have successfully completed a total of four orbital launches since 2021. Although our latest launch attempt in January 2023 from Spaceport Cornwall, U.K. did not reach orbit, we believe that our successful launches demonstrate the efficacy of our launch system. With four completed orbital launches, we have delivered 33 satellites to their desired orbits with high precision. The Company intends to conduct future commercial launches from other locations. 
 By utilizing an air-launch system via Cosmic Girl and the LauncherOne rocket, we believe that we offer the agility, flexibility and responsiveness that small-satellite customers need to achieve their mission objectives. Our launches have delivered satellites to orbit for customers across commercial, civil and national security and defense markets, both domestically and internationally. Leveraging the successes from these launches, we have been able to secure approximately 192.1 million of binding agreements as of December 31, 2022. 
 We develop and manufacture our launch technology from a vertically-integrated manufacturing facility in Long Beach, California. We leverage advanced, state-of-the art manufacturing capabilities, including automation and additive manufacturing technologies. 
 Our diverse portfolio is organized across three core offerings: 
 Commercial Civil: We provide dedicated and rideshare launch services for commercial and civil customers, both from the United States and internationally. This offering also includes civil spaceports, where a foreign nation can buy or lease our mobile launch system ground equipment, aircraft and launch system to provide in-country launch capabilities, allowing these countries to become spacefaring through existing airport infrastructure. 
 National Security and Defense: We provide national security launch and mission services to the U.S. and its allied Government customers, including the Space Force, Air Force and other agencies within the U.S. Department of Defense (the DoD and the intelligence community. We also intend to offer government squadron services wherein the entire air-launch system will be a program of record sold to government customers who will own and operate the system directly, providing enhanced flexibility and responsiveness. Additionally, due to the distinct features of LauncherOne, which is itself a hypersonic system, we can also provide solutions for missile defense target applications and other key hypersonic research and development and demonstration activities. 
 Space Solutions: Leveraging existing launch capabilities and our track record as a systems integrator, our plan is to provide end-to-end value-added services for Internet of Things IoT and discrete and integrated Earth Observation EO applications through the combination of agreements with satellite operators and a satellite 
 4 

Table of Con tents 

 constellation we will own and operate. Using a satellite-as-a-service model, we expect to deploy our own satellites in the next few years to serve government and commercial customers, both domestically and internationally. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Voluntary Petitions for Bankruptcy 
 
 On April 4, 2023 (the Petition Date ), the Company and our domestic subsidiaries, Virgin Orbit National Systems, LLC, Vieco USA, Inc., Virgin Orbit, LLC and JACM Holdings, Inc. (together with the Company, the Debtors ), commenced voluntary proceedings under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the Bankruptcy Court ). The Chapter 11 proceedings are jointly administered under the caption I n re Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc., et al. (Case No. 23-10405) (the Chapter 11 Cases ). The Debtors continue to operate their business as debtors-in-possession under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. On April 5, 2023, the Debtors received interim approval of a variety of first day motions containing customary relief intended to assure the Debtors ability to continue their ordinary course operations. 
 
 For the duration of the of the Chapter 11 proceedings, our operations and our ability to develop and execute our business plan are subject to significant risks and uncertainties associated with Chapter 11 proceedings. As a result of these significant risks and uncertainties, our results of operations and management could be significantly different following the outcome of the Chapter 11 proceedings, and the description of our operations, properties and business and capital plans included in this Annual Report and the financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report may not accurately reflect our operations, properties and capital plans following the Chapter 11 proceedings. 
 
 Delisting of Common Stock and Warrants from Nasdaq 
 
 On April 4, 2023, we received a notification from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department notifying us of Nasdaq s intention to delist the Company s common stock and warrants as a result of the Company s filing of a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code and that trading of the Company s securities would be suspended effective at the opening of business on April 13, 2023. The Company has requested a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel to appeal Nasdaq s determination to delist the Company s securities. Trading of the Company s securities will remain suspended pending the appeal process. Nasdaq will not take any action to delist the Company s securities pending a final written decision by the Nasdaq Hearings Panel. There can be no assurance that our appeal will be successful. 
 
 Operational Pause and Workforce Reduction 
 
 Following an operational pause beginning on March 16, 2023, which we implemented in order to conserve capital while we explored potential fundraising transactions, on March 30, 2023, we announced a workforce reduction of approximately 675 employees, constituting approximately 85 of our workforce in order to reduce expenses in light of our inability to secure meaningful funding. Employees in all areas of the Company were impacted by the workforce reduction, which was substantially complete by April 3, 2023. 
 
 Current Operations 
 
 With our reduced workforce, we intend to conduct reduced rate operations during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases. We expect these operations will include continuing the final assembly and integration testing of the launch vehicle for our next launch, which is more than approximately 90 complete. If we are able to effectuate a successful restructuring or sale of our business through the Chapter 11 Cases, and subject to that timing, we would seek to conduct our next launch before the end of 2023, with a customer that is currently on contract for that launch. In addition, if we continue operations following the Chapter 11 Cases and assuming adequate capital resources, we would intend to increase our work force from the current level of approximately 100 employees to approximately 275 employees by the end of 2023. Thereafter in 2024, we would seek to increase our launch rate. 
 
 Industry Overview 
 We operate within the large and growing space economy, with the total addressable market for Virgin Orbit s services expected to be 86.5 billion by 2030. This rapid growth is being driven by various factors, the most significant being the reduced costs for both launch and satellite manufacturing due to technological advancements. As a result, space solutions have proliferated across multiple end markets, including communications, maritime, logistics, and importantly, national security and defense. 
 5 

Table of Con tents 

 Over the last decade, space technology has advanced on multiple fronts, including increases in satellite bandwidth and throughput, which allows for high-rate data transfer, utilization of consumer electronics and integrated circuit advancements allowing for miniaturization of satellite components, which reduces satellite developmental costs, and increases overall system efficiencies and expanded reach and global coverage from satellites in LEO. The private sector has played a meaningful role in the evolution of space technology, whereas historically innovation was almost entirely government-driven. 
 Space is viewed as crucial to national security and defense, as nations rely on space solutions for critical communications, precise location information, navigation capabilities and broader global monitoring. The U.S. Government and its allies are focused on maintaining and evolving space capabilities, while also thwarting anti-satellite rocket technologies that are being developed and tested by adversaries. 
 Our Products Services Overview 
 We have a diverse portfolio of space offerings, spanning various end markets and applications. Our portfolio is organized into three main offerings, each leveraging our underlying launch technology and core capabilities. 
 Commercial Civil 
 Commercial Civil Launch: Caters to the launch demands of commercial and civil customers both in the United States and international markets, including customers such as Arqit Ltd. Arqit and SatRev, S.A. SatRev ), and civil customers, such as NASA. We offer these customers dedicated, primary or secondary rideshare satellite launch services to any orbit with both timing and launch location flexibility given the mobility and responsiveness of our system. A dedicated launch is one in which the customer buys the entire launch payload (mass volume). In a rideshare launch, there are several payload customers, including a primary rideshare customer (who determines the mission parameters) and secondary rideshare customer(s) whose payloads utilize the remaining mass and volume capacity not utilized by the primary. Dedicated and primary rideshare customers can inject their payloads directly into their desired orbits without the time loss associated with traveling from one orbit to another, thereby providing them the option to achieve an earlier revenue stream. Moreover, the architecture of the air-launch system is designed for a more reliable and agile launch cadence than the traditional ground-launch rideshare system adopted by many of our competitors such as SpaceX or Rocket Lab. The responsiveness of our system is also critical for supporting the operation and maintenance of satellite constellations in instances where a satellite malfunctions and needs urgent replacement. 
 Civil Spaceports: The unique modularity of the LauncherOne system permits launches from any government licensed horizontal spaceport with a runway long enough to support a Boeing 747-400 aircraft. We leverage fully transportable GSE (ground-support equipment required for our launch operations) to eliminate the need for extensive infrastructure investments traditionally associated with ground launch applications. We are also in the process of bringing flexible launch for small-satellites to a global network of spaceports and countries across the world. We have conducted launch operations from Spaceport Cornwall at Cornwall Airport Newquay (NQY) in the U.K. and are currently seeking to commence launch operations at other locations, such as Oita Airport (OIT) in Japan and spaceports in Brazil and Australia, in the coming years. We are also in discussions with various other countries on the prospects of leveraging their existing aircraft runway infrastructure to adopt our spaceport product offering and develop in-country launch capabilities. 
 National Security 
 National Security Launch and Squadron Services: Provides launch services for national security and defense customers such as the U.S. Government and its allies. We believe our launch system is particularly attractive to these customers because of its capability for anonymity; our ability to fly Cosmic Girl to, and launch from, different locations makes it difficult for our adversaries to predict timing and location of launch, as compared with a static ground-based launch pad, making it highly attractive for National Security customers that prioritize operation covertness. Moreover, the resiliency and responsiveness of the system is especially important should there be a need to replace critical satellites that go out of operation. We believe that our squadron services offering, in which we expect to deliver turnkey capability through the sale of equipment as well as services to the U.S. Government, is of increased interest as it facilitates the necessary capabilities for the Space Force to responsively and independently deploy appropriate assets against the U.S. Government s adversaries, a previously non-existent capability. 
 6 

Table of Con tents 

 Missile Defense Targets and Hypersonic Applications: Hypersonics (high-speed systems or devices that travel at speeds over Mach 5) are a growing area of focus for the DoD, especially as several foreign nations race to build military capabilities in this area for offensive purposes. With our system s ability to achieve hypersonic speeds and our deep connectivity within the DoD, we believe we are well-positioned to support and complement the various Hypersonic Training, Testing and Exercising TT E activities and develop advanced defense mechanisms for the U.S. Government. As missile defense is a core part of the U.S. defense strategy, we believe LauncherOne is able to serve as a cost-effective alternative to expensive targets that are currently in use for research and development efforts by the Missile Defense Agency MDA ). We have an on-going contract with MDA to demonstrate the utility of LauncherOne for MDA target applications. 
 Space Solutions 
 IoT Solutions : This solution seeks to provide end-to-end value-added services for the smart mobility and smart logistics sectors of the IoT market. Key areas of focus include: 
 Connected ship management: expected to track and monitor shipping assets across the globe in real-time and provide improved connectivity at sea; 
 Connected aircraft management: expected to track and monitor aircraft across the globe in real-time and provide improved connectivity in air; 
 Pipeline monitoring: expected to monitor pipeline status and potential leaks in real-time providing customers the opportunity to mitigate losses by proactively addressing issues in the system; and 
 Smart agriculture: expected to track and monitor weather and soil data for precision farming applications. 
 EO Solutions: This solution seeks to develop multi-modal imaging offerings in an integrated suite including data collection methodologies such as Synthetic Aperture Radar, operational electronic intelligence, infrared-hyperspectral and electro-optical imagery techniques. We believe applications for this offering include maritime domain awareness, public safety, insurance, agriculture, mining, oil and gas. 
 Our Launch System 
 Through years of research and development, we have in place a proprietary system that enables us to provide key launch capabilities. This is comprised of: 
 Cosmic Girl: Cosmic Girl is a modified Boeing 747-400 aircraft that serves as a reusable mobile launch platform. This allows our launch system to be fully mobile and to launch payloads into orbit with an unprecedented level of flexibility. The interior of the aircraft has been modified to support minimal maintenance requirements and the upper deck has been outfitted to support onboard launch operations with just two pilots and two launch engineers. One of the most important modifications is the pylon, which is used to carry the LauncherOne rocket up to approximately 35,000 feet where it is released for launch. Using Cosmic Girl as an aerial launch platform enables our rocket to be more efficient, benefiting from the initial altitude (35,000 feet), speed (approximately 85 of the speed of sound at launch) and aerodynamics (air density approximately 30 of sea level) as compared with a typical ground launch. We expect our future research and development efforts in this area will include the modification of a cargo Boeing 747 aircraft that would be a fully transportable, self-contained launch system that can carry the rocket, payloads and GSE to anywhere in the world. 
 LauncherOne: LauncherOne is a two-stage rocket used to launch satellites into orbit. It is the world s first and only liquid-fueled, air-launched rocket to reach orbit successfully. It is engineered for optimal performance in conjunction with Cosmic Girl and has the lowest launch cost per kilogram among small rocket ground launchers. The rocket, designed for simplicity, has an all-carbon composite design with liner-less tanks, thereby increasing system reliability and increasing production efficiency. With its one engine per stage design, the system has enhanced resilience. Our nearest competitor, Rocket Lab, has 11 engines versus our two. This is a key advantage for our system since engines have the highest risk of failure in a rocket. Our on-board autonomous range safety systems further enhance system reliability and eliminates the need for extensive ground safety infrastructure. LauncherOne is designed to carry payloads of up to approximately 300 kilograms, with expected future versions allowing for potential payloads of up to 500 kilograms. 
 7 

Table of Con tents 

 Our Growth Strategy 
 We are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with the Chapter 11 Cases. In addition, the Chapter 11 Cases will consume a substantial portion of the time and attention of our management, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, and we may experience increased levels of employee attrition. Our business could also suffer from a long and protracted restructuring. All of these factors could limit our ability to pursue growth strategies for our business in the near- to mid-term. 
 Customers 
 Through our four successful launches, we have been able to cater to domestic and international customers from each of our core focus sectors including: NASA, International Ministries of Defense MoDs ), U.S. DoD, U.S. intelligence community, and Commercial international constellation providers. Our commercial customers include satellite and constellation providers such as Arqit and SatRev. Our civil customers mostly fall within our spaceport offering and our launch offerings for civil space agencies, including NASA. We have also previously announced plans to launch from several spaceports. 
 Outside of spaceports, we provide dedicated launch services for space agencies. To-date, we have established a track record of successful launches for NASA and if we resume full-scale operations, we intend to expand to other national civil space agencies, particularly with governments that have space agencies but lack their own infrastructure for domestic space launch. We have also established relationships, deployed satellites, and have on-going contracts with numerous customers in the national security and defense sector, including the Space Force, the U.S. Air Force, the National Reconnaissance Office NRO and the MDA. Our current customer pipeline includes parties that have signed binding Launch Service Agreements LSAs or nonbinding MOUs and LOIs, or with whom there are proposals and contracts under negotiation with an internally calculated high probability of win Pwin rate. This pipeline has a broad range of domestic and international customers, including government and commercial entities. We are not dependent on any major customer or customers given our current diverse customer pipeline. However, there is no assurance that these customers will not make arrangements to launch with other providers given our current financial situation. 
 Sales Marketing 
 If we resume full-scale operations, we will have to rebuild our sales and marketing team, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in recruiting and retaining professionals with relevant experience and relationships in our industry. 
 Manufacturing, Assembly and Launch Operations 
 Virgin Orbit is headquartered in Long Beach, CA, having a combined facility space of 195,000 square feet. The main building (Conant) is 151,000 square feet and houses office space and a large manufacturing floor and our second building (McGowen) is 44,000 square feet and houses training, customer experience, offices, payload processing and additional manufacturing space. Since moving in to the Long Beach facilities, we have invested significantly in our production facilities. The vast majority of our design, engineering, manufacturing, integration, assembly and test activities occur in our main building. The LauncherOne production and assembly line features state-of-the-art manufacturing equipment and custom-built test rigs. Our automated composites fabrication process enables us to build rocket tanks in days versus months. We also have a relationship with DMG MORI that allows us to leverage their advanced manufacturing technology helping reduce cycle time by up to 10 times for key components. Our operations are highly integrated, with over 80 of each rocket built in-house. As of date of this 10-K, there are five rockets in production and our facility has the tooling, processes and technology to support a production capacity up to 20 rockets annually. The factory is highly scalable with easy expansion of production capabilities through floor space addition and optimization and additional copies of key tooling. 
 Our McGowen building is located near our headquarters in Long Beach and houses our payload processing facility where our customers payloads are encapsulated after spacecraft receipt, inspection and testing are completed. The Virgin Orbit team conducts high-energy testing near the Mojave Air and Space Port in Mojave, California, where there are multiple custom-built test stands for liquid propulsion, composite tank, component, and overall stage testing. Acceptance testing for LauncherOne s Newton family of engines occurs at our horizontal test stands, and stage tests are performed on vertical test stands. 
 Supply Chain 
 Our ability to manufacture and operate our rockets is dependent upon sufficient availability of raw materials and supplied components, including RP-1 (which is our rocket fuel) and hydrogen, helium, liquid oxygen and nitrogen, which are the gases used in our rockets. 
 8 

Table of Con tents 

 We aim to obtain raw materials and components from reputable and reliable suppliers, following established internal quality control processes to source suppliers, considering quality, cost, delivery and lead-time. While we largely source raw materials and components from multiple sources, in some cases raw materials and components are sourced from a limited number of suppliers. In these situations, as we endeavor to diversify our supply chain, we manage this risk through using material requirements planning, including material forecasting and planning, safety stock, and bulk and advance buying with focused efforts on long-lead items. 
 Competition 
 Our main competitors fall into four categories: 
 Established air-launch providers, with proof of delivering payloads into orbit, of which there is one known operational competitor, Northrop Grumman; 
 Established vertical ground launch providers, with proof of delivering payloads into orbit, including SpaceX, United Launch Alliance, International Launch Services and Rocket Lab, as well as foreign space agencies such as Arianespace, Roscosmos (GK Launch Services), ISC Kosmotras, the Indian Space Research Organisation s PSLV, Japan s H-2 and H-3, the European Space Agency s Vega and Astra Space, Inc. (which is currently on launch hiatus as it evaluates its business). 
 Companies that are reported to have plans to provide launch vehicles that are capable of regularly delivering payloads into orbit, but that have not deployed an operational-payload to the intended orbit or launched successfully, including ABL, Relativity Space, Firefly Aerospace, Southern Launch and LandSpace; and 
 Space solutions providers offering combined IoT and EO services, as well as a range of on-orbit services, such as BlackSky, Spire, Planet Labs, StarLink, OneWeb, Capella and China Spacesat. 
 We believe that our ability to compete successfully as a commercial provider of satellite launch services does and will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 Flight track record, reliability and simplicity of launches; 
 Launch technical performance; 
 Responsiveness and ability to launch on demand; 
 Environmental responsibility and reusability of the system; 
 Ability to quickly grow market share and scale; 
 Customer experience; and 
 Price competitiveness and advantage. 
 We believe that we compete favorably on the basis of these factors. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual property. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights, both in the United States and abroad, through a combination of trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as through contractual protections with our customers and nondisclosure and invention assignment agreements with our consultants and employees, and we seek to control access to and distribution of our proprietary information through non-disclosure agreements with our supplier and business partners. Unpatented research, development and engineering skills make an important contribution to our business, and we will pursue patent protection when we believe it is possible and consistent with our overall strategy for safeguarding intellectual property. 
 Trademark License Agreement and Debrand Agreement 
 
 Under a Trade Mark License Agreement (the TMLA between Virgin Orbit and Virgin Enterprises Limited VEL ), an entity affiliated with Virgin Investments Limited VIL or Parent Company ), we had certain exclusive and non-exclusive rights to use the name and brand Virgin Orbit and the Virgin signature logo, subject to certain reserved rights and pre-existing licenses granted by VEL to third parties, in consideration of our payment of quarterly royalties to VEL. In addition, for the term of the TMLA, to the extent the Virgin Group did not otherwise have a right to place a director on the Board, such as the right of VIL to designate directors to the Board under the Stockholders Agreement, under the TMLA, 
 9 

Table of Con tents 

 we agreed to provide VEL with the right to appoint one director to the Board (provided the designee is qualified to serve on the Board under all applicable corporate governance policies and regulatory and Nasdaq requirements). 
 The TMLA also contained, among other things, customary indemnification provisions in favor of VEL, representations and warranties made by us, information rights of VEL and restrictions on our and our affiliates ability to apply for or obtain registration for any intellectual property similar to that licensed to us pursuant to the TMLA. Furthermore, VEL is generally responsible for the protection, maintenance and enforcement of the licensed intellectual property, including the Virgin brand. 
 On April 2, 2023, in connection with the Company s entry into the DIP Credit Agreement with VIL, we entered into a Termination and Debrand Agreement (the Debrand Agreement with VEL, pursuant to which the TMLA was terminated as of April 2, 2023 (the Termination Date ). Following the Termination Date, all rights licensed under the TMLA in relation to the use of the Marks (as defined in the TMLA) will, subject to agreed run-off periods contemplated in the Debrand Agreement and in the Debranding Plan (as defined in the Debrand Agreement), immediately and permanently revert to VEL. Pursuant to the Debrand Agreement, we agreed with VEL to, as soon as possible after the Termination Date, carry out a Debranding Plan with respect to the marks, rights and other matters subject to the TMLA. We are not required to change our corporate name, and are permitted to use such marks and rights, until the earlier of the closing of a sale of the Company or the effective date of a Chapter 11 plan. 
 Human Capital Management 
 On March 16, 2023, we implemented an operational pause in order to conserve capital while we explored potential fundraising transactions. As a result of our inability to secure meaningful funding during that time, on March 30, 2023, we announced a workforce reduction of approximately 675 employees, constituting approximately 85 of our workforce in order to reduce expenses. Employees in all areas of the Company were impacted by the workforce reduction, which was substantially complete by April 3, 2023. Following the workforce reduction, as of April 5, 2023, we have 97 full-time employees and 2 contractors. 
 To date, we have not experienced any work stoppages as a result of labor disputes. Our employees are not subject to collective bargaining agreements. 
 We offer industry-leading benefits and programs to address the diverse needs of our employees and their families, including access to excellent healthcare choices, opportunities for career growth and development, and resources to support their financial health. 
 We are committed to supporting protected labor rights, maintaining an open culture and listening to all employees. Supporting healthy and open dialogue is central to how we work, and we communicate information to our employees about the Company through multiple internal channels. 
 We are committed to making diversity, equity, and inclusion part of what we do and we are committed to growing a workforce that is representative of the customers we serve and community in which we operate. 
 We have created Employee Resource Groups ERGs focusing on veteran status, family parental support, women empowerment, race ethnicity, gender identity and sexual orientation, and more, to see that the needs and opinions of our employees are heard and addressed. In 2022, four new ERGs were created, resulting in a total of seven across the company, encouraging all of our entire employee population to be members of an ERG. 
 We select our partners and staffing carefully, with expectations of all parties involved in our supply chain to ensure a safe and ethical work environment for all. We continually make improvements to our policies and procedures to promote a respectful and positive working environment for everyone employees, suppliers and temporary staff alike. 
 We have established goals to increase the number of employees from underrepresented groups to help achieve, at a minimum, industry average representation across these groups. At least twice each year we review base compensation across objective factors (including level, years of experience, education and performance) to maintain a constant focus on lessening and closing any pay gaps, especially focused on women and people of color. 
 We comply with the new Pay Transparency Law in the state of California, choosing to include this transparency across all work locations, whether required by that state or not. The law provides that reasonable pay ranges are posted on every requisition, and employees may request the reasonable range for their current position as well. This transparency is also expected to drive increased pay equity, promoting an open and honest conversation about pay, qualifications and skills and equal treatment for all internal employees and candidates. 
 10 

Table of Con tents 

 Governmental Regulation 
 Federal Aviation Administration 
 The regulations, policies and guidance issued by the Federal Aviation Administration FAA apply to the use and operation of the LauncherOne system. Once a notification of intent to launch is transmitted to FAA, the FAA s commercial space transportation requirements apply. Operators of launch vehicles are required to have proper licenses, permits and authorizations from the FAA and comply with the FAA s insurance requirements for third-party liability and government property. While Cosmic Girl is currently registered with the FAA, in the event of a change in ownership, the FAA license will be updated with current information. In that instance, once any such new vehicle registration applications are filed, the applications will serve as registrations until the FAA issues the new vehicle registrations, which will allow operations to continue during that period. 
 When not operating in a launch mode (Cosmic Girl and a fully-loaded LauncherOne), Cosmic Girl is regulated under an Experimental Airworthiness Certificate by the FAA. The FAA is responsible for the regulation and oversight of matters relating to experimental aircraft, the control of navigable air space, the qualification of flight personnel, flight training practices, compliance with FAA aircraft certification and maintenance, and other matters affecting air safety and operations. 
 Failure to comply with the FAA s aviation or space transportation regulations may result in civil penalties or private lawsuits, or the suspension or revocation of licenses or permits, which would prevent operating the LauncherOne system. Internationally, similar requirements exist for airworthiness, installation and operational approvals. These requirements are generally administered by the national aviation authorities of each country. 
 Informed Consent and Waiver 
 Commercial spaceflight operations and any third-party claims that arise from operation of spaceflights are subject to federal laws governing informed consents and waivers of claims. 
 Our launch system utilizes pilots and launch engineers on Cosmic Girl during a launch operation. Per federal regulation 14 CFR 460.9, Virgin Orbit is required to have all flight crew members (pilots and launch engineers) sign an informed consent stating that The United States Government has not certified the launch vehicle and any reentry vehicle as safe for carrying flight crew or space flight participants. Virgin Orbit holds these consent forms and transmits them to FAA-AST. 
 Per federal regulation 14 CFR 440 Appendix B, Virgin Orbit is also required to obtain a Waiver of Claims from the payload provider and U.S. Government. This form will waive and release claims between Virgin Orbit, the payload provider, and the U.S. Government. All operators with an FAA-license for commercial launches and reentries are covered by this federal indemnification and are required to carry insurance in amounts up to the maximum probable loss level likely to occur in an accident subject to a cap. In the instance of a catastrophic loss, U.S. law provides that the federal government will pay up to 3.0 billion to indemnify the operator above the maximum probable loss level. 
 International Traffic in Arms Regulations and Export Controls 
 Our launch services business is subject to, and we must comply with, stringent U.S. import and export control laws, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (the ITAR and the Export Administration Regulations (the EAR ). The ITAR generally restricts the export of hardware, software, technical data, and services that have defense or strategic applications. The EAR similarly regulates the export of hardware, software, and technology that has commercial or dual-use applications (i.e., for both military and commercial applications) or that have less sensitive military or space-related applications that are not subject to the ITAR. The regulations exist to advance the national security and foreign policy interests of the United States. 
 The U.S. Government agencies responsible for administering the ITAR and the EAR have significant discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these regulations. The agencies also have significant discretion in approving, denying, or conditioning authorizations to engage in controlled activities. Such decisions are influenced by the U.S. Government s commitments to multilateral export control regimes, particularly the Missile Technology Control Regime with respect to the spaceflight business. 
 Many different types of internal controls and efforts are required to ensure compliance with such export control rules. In particular, we are required to maintain a registration under the ITAR; determine the proper licensing jurisdiction and classification of products, software and technology; and obtain licenses or other forms of U.S. Government authorizations to engage in activities, including the performance of services for foreign persons, related to and that support our launch services business. The authorization requirements include the need to get permission to release controlled technology to foreign person employees and other foreign persons. The inability to secure and maintain necessary licenses and other authorizations could negatively affect our ability to compete successfully or to operate our launch services business as 
 11 

Table of Con tents 

 planned. Any changes in the export control regulations or U.S. Government licensing policy, such as that necessary to implement U.S. Government commitments to multilateral control regimes, may restrict our operations. 
 Failures by us to comply with export control laws and regulations could result in civil or criminal penalties, fines, investigations, more onerous compliance requirements, loss of export privileges, debarment from government contracts, or limitations on our ability to enter into contracts with the U.S. Government. 
 Environmental, Health and Safety Matters 
 We are subject to various Environmental, Health and Safety EHS laws and regulations, including but not limited to laws and regulations relating to air emissions, water use and discharge, waste management, wildlife and natural resource protection, and workplace safety. While compliance costs for such laws has not historically been material, there can be no guarantee that this will continue in future. For more information, see our risk factor titled We are subject to environmental regulation and may incur substantial costs. 
 Corporate Information and Development 
 We were initially formed on January 11, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company NextGen and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. From the time of our formation to the time of the Closing, our name was NextGen Acquisition Corp. II . 
 On August 22, 2021, we entered into a merger agreement (the Merger Agreement with Pulsar Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of NextGen Merger Sub ), and Vieco USA, Inc. Vieco USA ). On December 29, 2021, the date on which Virgin Orbit consummated the transaction that resulted in its business becoming a public company (the Closing ), as contemplated by the Merger Agreement and following approval by our shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting held December 28, 2021: 
 we filed a notice of deregistration with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies, together with the necessary accompanying documents, and filed a certificate of incorporation and a certificate of corporate domestication with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, under which NextGen was domesticated and continues as a Delaware corporation, changing its name to Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. (the Domestication 
 all outstanding shares of Vieco USA common stock as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, and, together with shares of Vieco USA common stock reserved in respect of options to purchase shares of Vieco USA common stock (the Vieco USA Options outstanding as of immediately prior to the Closing (exclusive of any Vieco USA Options that have an exercise price per share that is equal to or greater than the per share merger consideration of 12.50, which were cancelled without consideration) that were converted into awards based on our common stock, were cancelled in exchange for the right to receive, or the reservation of, an aggregate of 310,000,000 shares of common stock (at a deemed value of 10.00 per share), which, in the case of Vieco USA Options, were shares underlying awards based on common stock, representing a fully-diluted pre-transaction equity value of Vieco USA of 3.1 billion; and 
 Merger Sub was merged with and into Vieco USA, with Vieco USA surviving the merger as our wholly owned subsidiary (the Business Combination and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Transactions ). 
 In connection with the Business Combination: 
 each of the then issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of NextGen Class A ordinary shares converted automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into a share of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Virgin Orbit (the common stock 
 each of the then issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of NextGen Class B ordinary shares converted automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into a share of common stock; 
 each then issued and outstanding warrant of NextGen converted automatically into a warrant to acquire one share of common stock, pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2021, between NextGen and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (the Warrant Agreement and 
 each of the then issued and outstanding units of NextGen that had not been previously separated into the underlying Class A ordinary shares and underlying warrants upon the request of the holder thereof (the units were cancelled and entitled the holder thereof to one share of common stock and one-fifth of one warrant. No fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units. 
 12 

Table of Con tents 

 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.virginorbit.com. The contents of, or information accessible through, our website are not part of this Annual Report. We make our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, as well as beneficial ownership filings available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with, or furnish such reports to, the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. 
 We may use our website as a distribution channel of material information about us. Financial and other important information regarding the Company is routinely posted on and accessible through the Investor Information sections of website at www.investors.virginorbit.com. 
 The reference to our website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on or available through our website, and you should not consider such information to be a part of this Annual Report. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed above under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, you should carefully consider the specific risks set forth herein. If any of these risks actually occur, it may materially harm our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. As a result, the market price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Trading prices for our common stock may bear little or no relationship to the actual recovery, if any, by holders of our common stock in the Chapter 11 Cases. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes to the financial statements included herein. 
 
 Risks Related to the Chapter 11 Cases 
 
 We caution that trading in the Company s securities during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases is highly speculative and poses substantial risks. Trading prices for the Company s securities may bear little or no relationship to the actual recovery, if any, by holders of the Company s securities in Chapter 11 proceedings. 
 
 We are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with the Chapter 11 Cases. 
 
 On April 4, 2023, the Debtors filed voluntary petitions commencing the Chapter 11 Cases under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court. The Debtors continue to operate their business as debtors-in-possession under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. 
 
 The Chapter 11 Cases could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. So long as the Chapter 11 Cases continue, our senior management may be required to spend a significant amount of time and effort dealing with the reorganization instead of focusing on our business operations. Bankruptcy Court protection also may make it more difficult to retain management and the key personnel necessary to the success and growth of our business. In addition, during the period of time we remain subject to the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code in the Chapter 11 Cases, our customers and vendors may lose confidence in our ability to reorganize our business successfully and may seek to establish alternative commercial relationships. 
 
 Other significant risks include or relate to the following: our ability to obtain the Bankruptcy Court s approval with respect to motions or other requests made to the Bankruptcy Court in the Chapter 11 Cases, including maintaining strategic control as debtors-in-possession: 
 
 the effects of the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases on our business and the interest of various constituents, including our stockholders 
 
 our ability to consummate one or more sale transactions for our business or assets; 
 
 the high costs of Chapter 11 Cases and related fees; 
 
 our ability to maintain relationships with vendors, customers, employees and other third parties as a result of the Chapter 11 Cases 
 
 13 

Table of Con tents 

 Bankruptcy Court rulings in the Chapter 11 Cases as well as the outcome of all other pending litigation and the outcome of the Chapter 11 Cases in general 
 
 the length of time that we will operate with Chapter 11 protection and the continued availability of operating capital during the pendency of the proceedings 
 
 third-party motions in the Chapter 11 Cases; 
 
 the potential adverse effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on our liquidity and results of operations; and 
 
 our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Because of the risks and uncertainties associated with the Chapter 11 Cases, we may not be able to accurately predict or quantify the ultimate impact the Chapter 11 Cases may have on our business, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, nor can we accurately predict the ultimate impact the Chapter 11 Cases may have on our corporate or capital structure. 
 
 Our business could suffer from a long and protracted restructuring. 
 
 Our future results are dependent upon a successful sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets and/or confirmation and implementation of a Chapter 11 plan of reorganization or liquidation a Chapter 11 plan ). A long period of operations under Bankruptcy Court protection could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and suppliers, customers and other counterparties may not want to do business with us while we are in bankruptcy. Failure to obtain confirmation of a Chapter 11 plan in a timely manner may harm our ability to finance adequately our operations, and there is a significant risk that the value of the Company would be substantially eroded to the detriment of all stakeholders. If a Chapter 11 plan that complies with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code cannot be confirmed, it is possible that we would have to liquidate our assets, in which case it is likely that holders of claims would receive substantially less favorable treatment than they would receive if we were to emerge as a viable, reorganized entity. 
 
 For as long as the Chapter 11 Cases continue, we will be required to incur substantial costs for professional fees and other expenses associated with the administration of the Chapter 11 Cases. On April 5, 2023, we received interim approval by the Bankruptcy Court to, among other things, enter into the DIP Credit Agreement to fund operations and various other uses in accordance with the DIP Credit Agreement and Bankruptcy Court order. Approval of the DIP Credit Agreement remains subject to final approval by the Bankruptcy Court. If we are unable to obtain such financing on favorable terms or at all, our chances of successfully reorganizing our business may be seriously jeopardized, the likelihood that we instead will be required to liquidate our assets may be enhanced, and, as a result, any securities in us could become further devalued or become worthless. 
 
 There can be no assurance of whether, or when, we will be able to successfully implement a Chapter 11 plan or a sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. 
 
 Even if a Chapter 11 plan is confirmed and implemented, our operating results may be adversely affected by the possible reluctance of prospective lenders, suppliers and other counterparties to do business with a company that recently emerged from bankruptcy proceedings. 
 
 In certain instances, a Chapter 11 case may be converted to a case under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
 
 Upon a showing of cause, the Bankruptcy Court may convert our Chapter 11 case to a case under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code. In such event, a Chapter 7 trustee would be appointed or elected to liquidate our assets for distribution in accordance with the priorities established by the Bankruptcy Code. We believe that liquidation under Chapter 7 would result in significantly smaller distributions being made to our creditors than those provided for in a Chapter 11 plan of reorganization because of (i) the likelihood that the assets would have to be sold or otherwise disposed of in a distressed fashion over a short period of time rather than in a controlled manner and as a going concern, (ii) additional administrative expenses involved in the appointment of a Chapter 7 trustee, and (iii) additional expenses and claims, some of which would be entitled to priority, that would be generated during the liquidation and from the rejection of leases and other executory contracts in connection with a cessation of operations. 
 14 

Table of Con tents 

As a result of the Chapter 11 Cases, our historical financial information will not be indicative of our future performance. 
 
 During the Chapter 11 Cases, we expect our financial results to continue to be volatile as restructuring activities and expenses, contract terminations and rejections, and claims assessments significantly impact our consolidated financial statements. As a result, our historical financial performance is likely not indicative of our financial performance after the date of the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases. In addition, if we emerge from Chapter 11, the amounts reported in subsequent consolidated financial statements may materially change relative to our historical consolidated financial statements. We also may be required to adopt fresh start accounting, in which case our assets and liabilities will be recorded at fair value as of the fresh start reporting date, which may differ materially from the recorded values of assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Our financial results after the application of fresh start accounting may be different from historical trends. 
 
 We may be subject to claims that will not be discharged in the Chapter 11 Cases, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Bankruptcy Code provides that the confirmation of a Chapter 11 plan discharges a debtor from substantially all debts arising prior to consummation of such plan. With few exceptions, all claims that arose prior to April 4, 2023 or before consummation of a Chapter 11 plan (i) would be subject to compromise and/or treatment under such plan and/or (ii) would be discharged in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code and the terms of such plan. Any claims not ultimately discharged pursuant to the plan of reorganization could be asserted against the reorganized entities and may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations on a post-reorganization basis. 
 
 The Chapter 11 Cases will consume a substantial portion of the time and attention of our management, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, and we may experience increased levels of employee attrition. 
 
 While the Chapter 11 Cases continue, our management will be required to spend a significant amount of time and effort focusing on the Chapter 11 Cases instead of focusing exclusively on our business operations. This diversion of attention may materially adversely affect the conduct of our business, and, as a result, our financial condition and results of operations, particularly if the Chapter 11 Cases are protracted. 
 
 Furthermore, during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases, we may experience increased levels of employee attrition, and our employees may face considerable distraction and uncertainty. A loss of key personnel or material erosion of employee morale could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our ability to engage, motivate and retain key employees or take other measures intended to motivate and incentivize key employees to remain with us through the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases is limited by restrictions on implementation of incentive programs under the Bankruptcy Code. The loss of services of members of our senior management team could impair our ability to execute our strategy and implement operational initiatives, which would be likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. In addition, the longer the Chapter 11 Cases continue, the more likely it is that vendors and employees will lose confidence in our ability to reorganize our business successfully. 
 We may be unable to comply with restrictions imposed by the DIP Credit Agreement. 
 
 The availability of borrowings under our DIP Credit Agreement will be essential to our ability to fund our operations during the Chapter 11 Cases. 
 
 If the DIP Credit Agreement is approved by the Bankruptcy Court on a final basis as proposed, it will impose a number of restrictions on us, contains various customary events of default and requires us to meet certain milestones for the progress of the Chapter 11 Cases. Our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control and our failure to comply could result in an event of default under the DIP Credit Agreement. If we violate any provisions of the DIP Credit Agreement that are not cured or waived within the appropriate time periods provided therein, our DIP Financing may become immediately due and payable and our lenders commitment to make further loans to us may terminate. We might not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make any accelerated payments. 
 
 As a result of our initiation of the Chapter 11 Cases, the Nasdaq Stock Market has informed us of their intention to delist our common stock and warrants from trading, which will result in a more limited market and lack of liquidity for our securities. 
 
 15 

Table of Con tents 

 On April 4, 2023, we received a notification from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department notifying us of Nasdaq s intention to delist the Company s common stock and warrants as a result of the Company s filing of a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code and that trading of the Company s securities would be suspended effective at the opening of business on April 13, 2023. The Company has requested a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel to appeal Nasdaq s determination to delist the Company s securities. Trading of the Company s securities will remain suspended pending the appeal process. Nasdaq will not take any action to delist the Company s securities pending a final written decision by the Nasdaq Hearings Panel. There can be no assurance that our appeal will be successful. 
 
 The delisting of our common stock could result in significantly lower trading volumes and reduced liquidity for investors seeking to buy or sell shares of our common stock. Following delisting from the Nasdaq Global Market, our common stock may be quoted on the OTC Pink Marketplace, which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity. The OTC Pink Marketplace is a significantly more limited market than Nasdaq. The quotation of our shares on such marketplace may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential stockholders to trade shares of our common stock, could further depress the trading price of our common stock, and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future. There can be no assurance that there will be an active market for our shares of common stock, either now or in the future, or that stockholders will be able to liquidate their investment or liquidate it at a price that reflects the value of the business. The Company cautions that trading in the Company s common stock during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases is highly speculative and poses substantial risks. Trading prices for the Company s common stock may bear little or no relationship to the actual recovery, if any, by holders of the Company s common stock in the Chapter 11 Cases. Accordingly, we urge extreme caution with respect to existing and future investments in our equity and other securities. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We will require additional financing to continue our operations and grow our business, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, would force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our operations, which could have the result of causing our business to fail and liquidating with little or no return to investors. 
 We only began commercial launch operations in 2021 and have been dependent on cash flows from financing activities to fund our operations. Our cash and cash equivalents were 51.2 million as of December 31, 2022, and we will require additional financing in order to continue and expand our operations and grow our business. If we are not able to obtain sufficient additional financing, our business may fail, and we may be forced to liquidate with little or no return to investors. 
 
 Our ability to generate profit will depend on our ability to grow our operations and drive operational efficiencies in our business to generate better margins. Assuming we have access to adequate capital to fund our operating plan, we expect our operating expenses to increase over the next several years as we increase the number of our launches each year, continue to attempt to streamline our manufacturing process, hire additional employees, increase marketing efforts, expand our sales resources, expand our commercial and civil operations, national security and defense services, including franchise spaceports and dedicated aircraft for military use, and space solutions and continue research and development efforts relating to new products and technologies. These efforts may be more costly than we expect, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenue sufficiently to offset these expenses or realize the benefits we anticipate. Any failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our investments and other expenses could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability or positive cash flow. Our future growth and operating performance may fail to meet investor or analyst expectations, or we may have future negative cash flow or losses resulting from our investment in acquiring customers or expanding our operations. In addition, other unanticipated costs may arise. 
 Additional factors may further accelerate our need for additional financing, including if our revenues are lower than expected, or if our costs and expenses on a go-forward basis are higher than expected; furthermore, our operating plan may change as a result of many factors, including those currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned, in each case, through public or private equity, debt financings or other sources. We may sell equity securities or debt securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner as we may determine from time to time. If we sell any such securities in subsequent transactions, our current investors may be materially diluted. Any debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants and could reduce our operational flexibility or profitability. Our management continues to monitor market conditions and pursue additional sources of capital. 
 Additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, and any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop, enhance or operate our launch services, improve our operating infrastructure, acquire complementary businesses and technologies, or develop and expand marketing and sales resources or engage in commercialization efforts. Furthermore, even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations. If adequate funds are not available on a timely or reasonable basis, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our research and development, operations or commercialization efforts. We 
 16 

Table of Con tents 

 could be forced to sell or dispose of certain of our rights or assets. Any inability to raise adequate funds on commercially reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, including the possibility that a lack of funds could cause our business to fail and liquidate with little or no return to investors. 
 Our losses from operations, liquidity conditions and the Chapter 11 Cases raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Our cash and cash equivalents was 51.2 million and 194.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and as of December 31, 2022, we have not generated positive cash flows from our operations or generated sufficient revenues to provide sufficient cash flows to enable us to finance our operations. We have incurred significant losses since our inception and had an accumulated deficit of 1,011.6 million as of December 31, 2022, and we expect to continue to incur net losses. In addition, on April 4, 2023, we filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. For the duration of the Chapter 11 Cases, our operations and our ability to develop and execute our business plan are subject to significant risks and uncertainties associated with Chapter 11 Cases. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date of the issuance of the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. Our independent registered public accounting firm, in its report on the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, has also expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on, among other things, our ability to generate cash flows from operations and find additional sources of funding through either equity offerings, debt financings, or a combination of any such transactions, and on our ability to, subject to the Bankruptcy Court s approval, implement a plan of reorganization. Management s plans to mitigate an expected shortfall of capital to support future operations include expanding commercial operations, raising additional funds through borrowings or additional sales of securities or other sources, and managing our working capital may not overcome or alleviate the substantial doubt that was raised. However, there is no assurance that additional financing will be available when needed or that management will be able to obtain financing on terms acceptable to us or whether we will become profitable and generate positive operating cash flow. In addition, there can be no assurance that the plan of reorganization or liquidation will be confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and consummated. If we are unable to raise substantial additional capital, our operations and production plans may be scaled back or curtailed. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to the Company or is unable to implement a plan of reorganization or liquidation, there is substantial doubt that the Company will be able to continue as a going concern. If the foregoing plans are unsuccessful and we are unable to continue as a going concern, you could lose all or part of your investment in the Company. 
 If we resume full-scale operations, the success of our business will be highly dependent on our ability to effectively market and sell our launch services for small LEO satellites at the needed cadence, our national security and defense services and space solutions, and to convert contracted revenues and our pipeline of potential contracts into actual revenues. 
 We have generated only limited revenue from launching payloads, and we expect that our success will be highly dependent, especially in the foreseeable future, on our ability to effectively market and sell our launch services for small LEO satellites at the needed cadence. We expect that our success will also be highly dependent on our ability to effectively market and sell our launch services in connection with national security and defense services, such as missile defense targets and hypersonic applications, and End to End Tactically Responsive Launch and Space. We have limited experience in marketing and selling such services and applications, and if we are unable to utilize our current or future sales organization effectively in order to adequately target and engage our potential customers, our business may be adversely affected. We also expect to expand our marketing services as part of our expansion in the near future. There can be no assurance that our investment in this regard will be successful or result in revenue growth. 
 We also expect that our success will be highly dependent on our ability to convert contracted revenues and our pipeline of potential contracts into actual revenues. We have received interest from a wide range of customers across various satellite applications or use cases, both in the public and private sectors. Our contracted revenues and our estimated pipeline may not fully convert into actual revenues because a majority of our customers have the right to terminate their launch service agreements if our launches are delayed beyond a specified period or if we do not achieve certain milestones. We may experience delays or we may not meet these milestones, in which case the value of our contracted revenues may be significantly lower than our current estimates. Additionally, if we are unable to keep up with the demand for our launch services from a production and delivery perspective, we may not be in a position to deliver on our contracted revenues or our pipeline of potential contracts. Customers may also experience defaults or bankruptcies, which may impact our ability to convert contracted revenues and our pipeline of potential contracts into actual revenues. For example, for the year ended December 31, 2020, our revenues were impacted by the bankruptcy of our largest commercial customer. See Part IV. Note 17. Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for further details. 
 17 

Table of Con tents 

 We remain in active discussions with potential customers and anticipate an increase in contracted revenue as the small-satellite and satellite constellation markets and demand for national security and defense services and space solutions, such as IoT services, continue to develop. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers in a cost-effective manner. Notwithstanding our estimated contracted revenue, we expect that we will need to make significant investments in order to attract new customers. Our sales growth is dependent upon our ability to implement strategic initiatives, and these initiatives may not be effective in generating sales growth. In addition, marketing campaigns, which we have not historically utilized, can be expensive and may not result in the acquisition of customers in a cost-effective manner, if at all. Further, as our brand becomes more widely known, future marketing campaigns or brand content may not attract new customers at the same rate as past campaigns or brand content. 
 We may be unable to attract new customers or our number of customers may decline materially or fluctuate as a result of many factors, including, among other things: 
 dissatisfaction with the quality of, or pricing of, our launch services or with changes we make to our launch services; 
 competition in the launch services industry; 
 lack of performance on existing programs may affect our ability to capture additional business with key government customers; 
 negative publicity related to our brand; 
 lack of market acceptance of our business model, particularly in new geographies where we seek to expand such as the United Kingdom, Brazil and Japan; 
 changes to government defense spending levels; or 
 the unpredictable nature of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and its variants or a future outbreak of disease or similar public health concern. 
 In addition, if we are unable to provide high-quality support to customers or help resolve issues in a timely and acceptable manner, our ability to attract and retain customers could be adversely affected. If we are unable to attract new customers or retain existing customers for any of these reasons among others, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be harmed. 
 The market for launch services for small LEO satellites and space solutions is not well established, is still emerging and may not achieve the growth potential at the price points we expect or may grow more slowly than expected. 
 The market for launch services for small LEO satellites and space solutions, such as IoT services, is not yet well established and is still emerging. Our estimates for the total addressable launch market and satellite market are based on a number of internal and third-party estimates, including our contracted revenue, the number of potential customers who have expressed interest in our services, assumed prices and production costs for our rockets, assumed launch cadence, our ability to leverage our current manufacturing and operational processes and general market conditions. While we believe our assumptions and the data underlying our estimates are reasonable, these assumptions and estimates may not be correct and the conditions supporting our assumptions or estimates may change at any time, thereby reducing the predictive accuracy of these underlying factors. As a result, our estimates of the annual total addressable market for our services, as well as the expected growth rate and price points for the total addressable market for our services, may prove to be incorrect. 
 If we resume full-scale operations, our ability to grow our business depends on the successful operation and performance of our launch systems and related technology and our ability to introduce new enhancements or services in a timely manner, which are subject to many uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. 
 
 Subject to our ability to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, our current forecasts depend on our ability to make further enhancements to our rockets design and specifications, including our ability to make further cost reductions and increases to the efficiency of our rockets, for example, through increases in rocket payload capacity. If we do not complete these enhancements in our anticipated timeframes or at all, our ability to grow our business will be adversely affected. The successful enhancement of our launch systems and development of related technology involves many uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control, including: 
 timing of finalizing launch systems enhancements; 
 18 

Table of Con tents 

 our ability to obtain additional applicable approvals, licenses or certifications from regulatory agencies, if required, and maintaining current approvals, licenses or certifications; 
 performance of our manufacturing facilities despite risks that disrupt productions, such as natural disasters and hazardous materials; 
 performance of a limited number of suppliers for certain raw materials and supplied components; 
 performance of our third-party contractors that support our research and development activities; 
 our ability to maintain rights from third parties for intellectual properties critical to our research and development activities; 
 our ability to maintain sufficient financing to fund our planned operations and capital expenditures; 
 our ability to continue funding and maintain our current research and development activities; and 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and its variants on us, our customers, suppliers and distributors, and the global economy. 
 Furthermore, the development of space solutions with partners will require leveraging our existing launch capabilities and our track record as a systems integrator to offer smart mobility and smart logistics services and data analytics. If we are unable to introduce these new enhancements, services or leverage our capabilities in a timely and cost-effective manner, our sales, profitability and our ability to grow our business could be adversely impacted. 
 If we resume full-scale operations, we may not be able to convert our contracted revenue or potential contracts into actual revenue. 
 We expect that our success will be highly dependent on our ability to convert contracted revenues and our pipeline of potential contracts into actual revenues. Our contracted revenues and our estimated pipeline may not fully convert into actual revenues because a majority of our customers has the right to terminate their launch service agreements if we do not achieve certain milestones, such as the timely completion of project reviews, or other termination rights stemming from launch delays. We may experience delays or we may not meet these milestones, in which case the value of our contracted revenues may be significantly lower than our current estimates. Additionally, we may determine not to consummate a binding business relationship with a counterparty with whom we only have a non-binding letter of intent or memorandum of understanding. We remain in active discussions with potential customers and anticipate an increase in contracted revenue as the markets for small-satellite launch, satellite constellations, national security and defense services and space solutions continue to develop. 
 Some of our existing launch service agreements include provisions allowing the customers to terminate the contracts for convenience, with a termination penalty for at least the amounts already paid, or to terminate the contracts for cause (for example, if we do not achieve certain milestones on a timely basis). If any of our significant launch service agreements is terminated and not replaced, our results of operations may differ materially and adversely from those anticipated. In addition, our contracts with government customers often contain provisions with additional rights and remedies favorable to such customers that are not typically found in commercial contracts. As a result, we may not receive some revenue from these orders, and any contracted revenue we report may not be indicative of our future actual revenue. 
 Many events may cause a delay in our ability to fulfil our existing or future orders, or cause planned launches not to be completed at all, some of which may be out of our control, including unexpected weather patterns, maintenance issues, technical issues, natural disasters, changes in governmental regulations or in the status of our regulatory approvals or applications or other events that force us to cancel or reschedule launches, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We routinely conduct hazardous operations when testing and launching our rockets, which could result in damage to property or persons. Unsatisfactory performance or failure of our rockets and related technology at launch or during operations could reduce customer confidence and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We manufacture and operate highly sophisticated launch systems that depend on complex technology. While we have built operational processes to ensure that the design, manufacture, performance and servicing of our launch systems meet rigorous quality standards, there can be no assurance that we will not experience operational or process failures and other problems, including through manufacturing or design defects, human error, cyber-attacks or other intentional acts, that could result in potential safety risks. We experienced a launch failure and anomaly on January 9, 2023 due to mechanical reasons that remain under formal investigation by the appropriate teams within the Company as well as all necessary 
 19 

Table of Con tents 

 external parties in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Following the launch failure, there was an immediate effect on our share price. This launch failure and any future launch failures or system malfunctions could raise substantial doubt among investors, current customers and potential customers regarding our capacity to fulfill our business objectives. Any actual or perceived safety issues may result in significant reputational harm to our businesses, including the loss of customer confidence in our business, in addition to tort liability, maintenance, increased safety infrastructure and other costs that may arise. 
 Such issues with our launch systems could result in delaying or cancelling planned launches, increased regulation or other systemic consequences. In particular, given the importance of Cosmic Girl for our launch operations, if an anomaly or defect were to be detected in Cosmic Girl, which would delay use of the aircraft, we would not be able to provide launch services for a significant amount of time. Likewise, damage to or unexpected and prolonged maintenance of Cosmic Girl would impact our launch cadence until repair, replacement or maintenance is completed. 
 Our inability to meet our safety standards or adverse publicity affecting our reputation as a result of accidents, mechanical failures, or damages to customer payloads could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to adapt to and satisfy customer demands in a timely and cost-effective manner, or if we are unable to manufacture our rockets at a quantity and quality that our customers demand, our ability to grow our business may suffer. 
 Continuing our operations depends in part on effectively managing and maintaining our launch services, manufacturing additional rockets and satellites, conducting a sufficient number of launches to meet customer demand and providing customers with an experience that meets or exceeds their expectations. Even if we succeed in developing rockets consistent with our targeted timeline, we could thereafter fail to develop the ability to produce these rockets at quantity with a quality management system that ensures that each unit performs as required or could fail to anticipate and respond in a timely and cost-effective manner to changes in market preferences. Any delay in our ability to produce rockets at our expected rate of production and with a reliable quality management system could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any event or circumstance resulting in reduced market acceptance of our launch services could reduce our sales. Unanticipated shifts in market preferences may also result in excess inventory and underutilized manufacturing capacity. For example, a market shift away from IoT services could result in significantly less space solutions demand and therefore reduced demand for our launch services. 
 In addition, if our current or future launch services do not meet expected performance or quality standards, this could cause operational delays. Further, launch operations within restricted airspace require advance scheduling and coordination with government agencies, range owners and other users, and any high priority national defense assets will have priority in the use of these resources, which may impact our cadence of our launch operations or could result in cancellations or rescheduling. Any operational or manufacturing delays or other unplanned changes to our ability to conduct our launches could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our workforce reduction or other actions we take to conserve cash and fund our operations may not achieve our intended outcome. 
 
 On March 16, 2023, we implemented an operational pause in order to conserve capital while we explored potential fundraising transactions. As a result of our inability to secure meaningful funding during that time, on March 30, 2023, we announced a workforce reduction of approximately 675 employees, constituting approximately 85 of our workforce, in order to reduce expenses. These or other actions we may take may result in unintended consequences and costs, such as the loss of institutional knowledge and expertise, attrition beyond the intended number of employees, decreased morale among our remaining employees, and the risk that we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the reduction in force. In addition, while positions have been eliminated, certain functions necessary to our operations remain, and we may be unsuccessful in distributing the duties and obligations of departed employees among our remaining employees. The reduction in workforce could also make it difficult for us to pursue, or prevent us from pursuing, new opportunities and initiatives due to insufficient personnel, or require us to incur additional and unanticipated costs to hire new personnel to pursue such opportunities or initiatives. If we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits from the reduction in force, or if we experience significant adverse consequences from the reduction in force, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our prospects and operations may be adversely affected by changes in market preferences and economic conditions that affect demand for our launch services. 
 Because our business is currently concentrated on launching small LEO satellites, we are vulnerable to changes in market preferences or other market changes, such as general economic conditions, energy and fuel prices, recession and fears of recession, interest rates, tax rates and policies, inflation, war and fears of war, inclement weather, natural disasters, 
 20 

Table of Con tents 

 terrorism and outbreak of viruses or widespread illness. The global economy has in the past, and will in the future, experience recessionary periods and periods of economic instability. During such periods, our potential customers may choose not to expend the amounts that we anticipate based on our expectations with respect to the addressable market for launch and satellite services. Significant investment into larger systems by the government or commercial players could have a negative impact on the demand for small LEO satellites. There could be a number of other effects from adverse general business and economic conditions on our business, including insolvency of any of our third-party suppliers or contractors, decreased market confidence, decreased interest in space solutions, decreased discretionary spending and reduced customer or governmental demand for LEO launch vehicles and satellites, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Adverse publicity stemming from any incident involving us or our competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are at risk of adverse publicity stemming from any public incident involving our company, our people or our brand. If our rockets or payloads or those of one of our competitors were to be involved in a public incident, accident or catastrophe, this could create an adverse public perception of satellite launch or manufacturing activities and result in decreased customer demand for launch and satellite services, which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. Further, if our rockets or other equipment were to be involved in a public incident, accident or catastrophe, we could be exposed to significant reputational harm or potential legal liability. Any reputational harm to our business could cause customers with existing contracts with us to cancel their contracts and could significantly impact our ability to make future sales. 
 Due to the unique structure of our launch operations, there is the possibility that an accident or catastrophe could lead to the loss of human life or a medical emergency. 
 We rely on human involvement to conduct our launch operations and undertake regular maintenance of our rockets, elements of which involve hazardous operations. In our test and launch operations, our technicians must approach the rocket to connect and disconnect hoses and pipes through which the propellant, RP-1 fuel and liquid oxygen, flows into the rocket. In addition, during launch and any flight test with a fully loaded rocket, two pilots and two launch engineers are on board Cosmic Girl. While we believe that the design and operation of our systems and the safety procedures we follow enable us to manage and limit the risk of an accidental combustion of the propellant or any other catastrophe related to the launch operations, including the operation of Cosmic Girl, these processes involve hazardous operations which may result in the loss of human life or a medical emergency for our technicians, pilots and launch engineers. 
 Increased congestion from the proliferation of LEO constellations could materially increase the risk of potential collisions with space debris and limit or impair the growth of the small LEO satellite market. 
 Recent years have seen increases in the number of satellites deployed to low earth orbits, and publicly announced plans calling for many thousands of additional satellite deployments over the next decade. The proliferation of these LEO constellations and the increased launch activity to deliver them will greatly increase the number of objects in orbit. This change could materially increase the potential risks of collisions occurring among satellites and space debris. The potential for such incidences could limit or impair the growth of the small LEO satellite market, as potential customers may be less inclined to use our launch services to deliver payloads into low earth orbits. 
 Certain future operational facilities may require significant expenditures in capital improvements and operating expenses to develop and foster basic levels of service needed by our launch operations, and the ongoing need to maintain existing operational facilities requires us to expend capital. 
 Increasing the manufacturing rate of our rockets, including the production rate of our rockets, may require significant capital expenditures, and in the future we may be required to make similar expenditures to expand, improve or construct additional facilities for the manufacture and testing of our rockets. In addition, as our existing facilities in Long Beach, California mature, our business will require capital expenditures for the maintenance, renovation and improvement of these locations to remain competitive. This creates an ongoing need for capital, and, to the extent we cannot fund capital expenditures from cash flows from operations, we will need to borrow or otherwise obtain funds. If we cannot access the capital we need, we may not be able to execute our growth strategy, take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressures. If the costs of funding new locations or renovations or enhancements at existing locations exceed budgeted amounts or the time for building or renovation is longer than anticipated, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 We rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain raw materials and supplied components. We may not be able to obtain sufficient raw materials or supplied components to meet our manufacturing and operating needs, or obtain such 
 21 

Table of Con tents 

 materials on favorable terms, which could impair our ability to fulfill our orders in a timely manner or increase our costs of production. 
 Our ability to manufacture our rockets is dependent upon sufficient availability of raw materials and supplied components, including hydrogen, helium, liquid oxygen and nitrogen which are used in our rockets and RP-1 (which is our rocket fuel), some of which are sourced from a limited number of suppliers. Our reliance on suppliers to secure these raw materials and supplied components exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials. We may not be able to obtain sufficient supply of raw materials or supplied components, on favorable terms or at all, which could result in delays in the manufacture of our rockets or increased costs. 
 In addition, we have in the past and may in the future experience delays in manufacturing or operations as we go through the re-qualification process with any replacement third-party supplier, as well as the limitations imposed by the ITAR, the EAR and other restrictions on transfer of sensitive technologies. There are also increasing expectations in various jurisdictions that companies monitor the environmental and social performance of their suppliers, including compliance with a variety of labor practices, as well as consider a wider range of potential environmental and social matters, including the end of life considerations for products. Compliance can be costly, require us to establish or augment programs to diligence or monitor our suppliers, or to design supply chains to avoid certain regions altogether. Failure to comply with such regulations can result in fines, reputational damage, or import ineligibility for our products or product components, or otherwise adversely impact our business. 
 Prolonged disruptions in the supply of any of our key raw materials or components, difficulty qualifying new sources of supply, implementing use of replacement materials or new sources of supply or any volatility in prices could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate in a cost-efficient, timely manner and could cause us to experience cancellations or delays of scheduled launches, customer cancellations or reductions in our prices and margins, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We and our suppliers rely on complex systems and components, which involves a significant degree of risk and uncertainty in terms of operational performance and costs. 
 We and our suppliers rely on complex systems and components for the operation and assembly of our launch systems and services, which involves a significant degree of uncertainty and risk in terms of operational performance and costs. These components may suffer unexpected malfunctions from time to time and may require repairs and spare parts to resume operations, which may not be readily available when needed. Unexpected malfunctions of these components may significantly affect the intended operational efficiency. Operational performance and costs can be difficult to predict and are often influenced by factors outside of our control, such as, but not limited to, scarcity of natural resources, environmental hazards and remediation, difficulty or delays in obtaining governmental permits, damages or defects in various components, industrial accidents, fire, seismic activity and natural disasters. Should operational risks materialize, they may result in monetary losses, delays, unanticipated fluctuations in production, environmental damage, administrative fines, increased insurance costs and potential legal liabilities, all which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we experience unexpected costs to fulfill a launch service contract in excess of the estimated transaction price, we would have to record an estimated contract loss provision which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our launch service contracts generally consist of multiple launches with each launch being allocated a fixed price and identified as distinct performance obligations. Revenue for each launch service is recognized at a point in time when the performance obligation is complete, which is typically at the point of launch. When we determine it is probable that costs to provide the services stipulated by a launch services agreement will exceed the allocated fixed price for each launch, we record a provision for a contract loss. Contract losses are recorded at the contract level and are recognized when known. The provision for contract losses outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was 51.6 million of contract losses and 35.4 million recorded as a reduction to inventory on the consolidated balance sheets and 4.4 million as a reduction to contract assets.. 
 Consistent with the accounting of our firm fixed price contracts, we continually review cost performance and estimates-to-complete at least quarterly and in many cases more frequently. Adjustments to original estimates for a contract s revenue, estimated costs at completion and estimated profit or loss are often required as work progresses under a contract, as experience is gained and as more information is obtained, even though the scope of work required under the contract may not change, or if contract modifications occur. The impact of revisions in estimate of completion for our launch service contracts are recognized on a cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the revisions are made. Our future results of operations would be adversely affected to the extent we incur unanticipated contract losses on our fixed-price contracts. 
 22 

Table of Con tents 

 We face intense competition in the commercial launch industry and other industries in which we may operate. 
 We face intense competition in the commercial launch industry. Currently, our primary competitors in the U.S. market for commercial launch of small-satellites to LEO are SpaceX and RocketLab. In addition, we are aware of several entities actively engaged in developing commercial launch capabilities for small and medium sized payloads, including Relativity, Astra Space, Inc., ABL, and Firefly, among others. We also face competition from foreign launch companies, such as Arianespace, Vega and launch providers in China and India, as well as potential new competitors in other countries. 
 Some of our current and potential competitors are larger and have substantially greater resources than we have and expect to have in the future. They may also be able to devote greater resources to the development of their current and future technologies or the promotion and sale of their offerings, or offer lower prices. Our current and potential competitors may also establish cooperative or strategic relationships amongst themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources and offerings. Further, it is possible that domestic or foreign companies or governments, some with greater experience in the aerospace industry or greater financial resources than we possess, will seek to provide products or services that compete directly or indirectly with ours in the future. Any such foreign competitor, for example, could benefit from subsidies from, or other protective measures by, its home country. 
 We believe our ability to compete successfully as a commercial provider of launch services does and will depend on a number of factors, which may change in the future due to increased competition, including the price of our offerings, customer confidence in the safety of our offerings, customer satisfaction with the services we offer, and the frequency and availability of our launch services. If we are unable to compete successfully, this could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we resume full-scale operations, we expect to invest significant resources in developing new offerings and exploring the application of our proprietary technologies for other uses in national security and defense services and space solutions, and those opportunities may never materialize. 
 While our primary focus for the foreseeable future will be on commercializing launch services, we may invest significant resources in developing new technologies, services, products and offerings related to our national security and defense services and space solutions. Development of some of these new technologies, services, products and offerings, such as those related to our national security and defense services, are tied to existing contractual obligations. However, we may not realize the expected benefits of these investments. Relatedly, we may be subject to competition from our competitors within the launch industry, some of which may have substantially greater monetary and knowledge resources than we have and expect to have in the future to devote to the development of these technologies. Further, under the terms of the TMLA, our ability to operationalize some of the technologies may be dependent upon the consent of VEL. Such competition or any limitations on our ability to take advantage of such technologies could impact our market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Such research and development initiatives may also have a high degree of risk and involve unproven business strategies and technologies with which we have limited operating or development experience. They may involve claims and liabilities (including, but not limited to, personal injury claims), expenses, regulatory challenges and other risks that we may not be able to anticipate. There can be no assurance that consumer demand for such initiatives will exist or be sustained at the levels that we anticipate, or that any of these initiatives will gain sufficient traction or market acceptance to generate sufficient revenue to offset any new expenses or liabilities associated with these new investments. Further, any such research and development efforts could distract management from current operations, and would divert capital and other resources from our more established offerings and technologies. Even if we were to be successful in developing new products, services, offerings or technologies, regulatory authorities may subject us to new rules or restrictions in response to our innovations that may increase our expenses or prevent us from successfully commercializing new products, services, offerings or technologies. 
 We conduct a significant portion of our business pursuant to government contracts, including with the U.S. government, which are subject to unique risks including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties. 
 We derive significant revenue from contracts with the U.S. government and plan to enter into further contracts with the U.S. and foreign governments in the future. By 2025, we expect a substantial portion of our revenues to be earned pursuant to U.S. and foreign government contracts. Business conducted pursuant to such contracts is subject to extensive procurement regulations, including the Federal Acquisition Regulation, and other unique risks. 
 These government contracts customarily contain provisions that give the government substantial rights and remedies, many of which are not typically found in commercial contracts and which are unfavorable to contractors. For instance, most U.S. government agencies include provisions that allow the government to unilaterally terminate or modify contracts for convenience, and in that event, the counterparty to the contract may generally recover only its incurred or committed costs 
 23 

Table of Con tents 

 and settlement expenses and profit on work completed prior to the termination. If the government terminates a contract for default, the defaulting party may be liable for any extra costs incurred by the government in procuring undelivered items from another source. 
 Some of our federal government contracts are subject to the approval of appropriations being made by the U.S. Congress to fund the expenditures under these contracts. Funding may be reduced or withheld as part of the U.S. Congressional appropriations process due to fiscal constraints, changes in U.S. national security strategy and/or priorities or other reasons. Further uncertainty with respect to ongoing programs could also result if the U.S. government finances its operations through temporary funding measures such as continuing resolutions rather than full-year appropriations. 
 In addition, government contracts normally contain additional requirements that may increase our costs of doing business, reduce our profits, and expose us to liability for failure to comply with these terms and conditions. These requirements include, for example: 
 specialized disclosure and accounting requirements unique to government contracts; 
 financial and compliance audits that may result in potential liability for price adjustments, recoupment of government funds after such funds have been spent, civil and criminal penalties, or administrative sanctions such as suspension or debarment from doing business with the U.S. government; 
 extraneous technical and quality related audits to obtain insight and oversight; 
 public disclosures of certain contract and company information; and 
 mandatory socioeconomic compliance requirements, including labor requirements, non-discrimination and affirmative action programs and environmental compliance requirements. 
 Certain contracts with the U.S. government require us to maintain a facility security clearance and be effectively insulated from foreign ownership, control and influence FOCI under the National Industrial Security Program. While we have not had in the past, and do not expect to have, any difficulties maintaining our facility security clearance, failure to maintain a required FOCI mitigation agreement with the U.S. DoD and to comply with such agreement and applicable U.S. government industrial security regulations (including but not limited to the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual) could result in invalidation or termination of our facility security clearance, which would mean that we would not be able to enter into future contracts with the U.S. government requiring such clearances, and may result in the loss of our ability to complete certain existing contracts with the U.S. government. 
 Government contracts are also generally subject to greater scrutiny by the government, which can initiate reviews, audits and investigations regarding our compliance with government contract requirements. In addition, if we fail to comply with government contract laws, regulations and contract requirements, our contracts may be subject to termination, and we may be subject to financial and/or other liability under our contracts, the Federal Civil False Claims Act False Claims Act (including treble damages and other penalties), or criminal law. The False Claims Act s whistleblower provisions also allow private individuals, including present and former employees, to sue on behalf of the U.S. government. Any penalties, damages, fines, suspension, or damages could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in levels of U.S. government defense spending or overall acquisition priorities could negatively impact our financial position and results of operations. 
 We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from the U.S. government, primarily from defense related programs. Levels of U.S. defense spending are very difficult to predict and may be impacted by numerous factors, such as the evolving nature of national security threats, U.S. foreign policy, the domestic political environment, macroeconomic conditions and the ability of the U.S. government to enact relevant legislation such as authorization and appropriations bills. 
 The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 approved defense and non-defense spending for fiscal year 2023 FY23 ), reducing budget uncertainty. Although FY23 appropriations have been enacted, the timeliness of future appropriations for government departments and agencies remains a recurrent risk. A lapse in appropriations for government departments or agencies would result in a full or partial government shutdown, which could impact our operations. Alternatively, Congress may fund government departments and agencies with one or more continuing resolutions rather than full-year appropriations; however, this could restrict the execution of certain program activities and delay new programs or competitions. In addition, long-term uncertainty remains with respect to overall levels of defense spending beyond FY23 and it is likely that the U.S. government discretionary spending levels will continue to be subject to pressure. Similarly, a lapse in approving necessary increases in the debt limit could similarly result in full or partial government shutdowns or suspension or termination of government programs which could impact our operations. 
 24 

Table of Con tents 

 In addition, there continues to be uncertainty with respect to future acquisition priorities and program-level appropriations for the DoD and other government agencies (including NASA), including tension between modernization and sustainment investments, within the overall budgetary framework described above. Future budget cuts or investment priority changes, including changes associated with the authorizations and appropriations process could result in reductions, cancellations, and/or delays of existing contracts or programs. Any of these impacts could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 Failures in our technology infrastructure could damage our business, reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 If our main data center were to fail, or if we were to suffer an interruption or degradation of services at our main data center, we could lose important manufacturing and technical data, which could harm our business. Our facilities are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, cyber security attacks, terrorist attacks, power losses, telecommunications failures and similar events. In the event that our or any of our third-party providers systems or service abilities are hindered by any of the events discussed above, our ability to operate may be impaired. A decision to close the facilities without adequate notice, or other unanticipated problems, could adversely impact our operations. Any of the aforementioned risks may be augmented if our or any of our third-party providers business continuity and disaster recovery plans prove to be inadequate. The facilities also could be subject to break-ins, computer viruses, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and other misconduct. Any security breach, including personal data breaches, or incident, including cybersecurity incidents, that we experience could result in unauthorized access to, misuse of or unauthorized acquisition of our or our customers data, the loss, corruption or alteration of this data, interruptions in our operations or damage to our computer hardware or systems or those of our customers. Moreover, negative publicity arising from these types of disruptions could damage our reputation. The amount of insurance coverage may not cover all possible or potential losses that may occur as a result of any events that cause interruptions in our service. Significant unavailability of our services due to attacks could cause users to cease using our services and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, we use complex proprietary software in our technology infrastructure, which we seek to continually update and improve. Replacing such systems is often time-consuming and expensive, and can also be intrusive to daily business operations. Further, we may not always be successful in executing these upgrades and improvements, which may occasionally result in a failure of our systems. We may experience periodic system interruptions from time to time. Any slowdown or failure of our underlying technology infrastructure could harm our business, reputation and ability to acquire and serve our customers, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. Our disaster recovery plan or those of our third-party providers may be inadequate, and our liability policies may not be sufficient to compensate us for the losses that could occur. 
 Our networks and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security risks. 
 The secure transmission of confidential, classified or export-controlled information in encrypted form over public networks is a critical element of our operations. Our networks, and those of our third-party service providers, including AWS, may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses and other security problems, including our inadvertent dissemination of non-public, classified or export-controlled information. Persons who circumvent security measures or gain access to customer information could wrongfully use our or our customers information or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, our reputation could be damaged. If an actual, threatened or perceived breach of our or our third-party service providers security were to occur, or if we were to inadvertently release confidential customer or supplier information, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed. We and/or our third-party service providers may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of any such security breaches or to alleviate problems, including reputational harm and litigation, caused by any breaches. Any security measures implemented by us or our service providers may prove to be inadequate and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Due to our hybrid work environment, we may face increased business continuity and cyber risks that could significantly harm our business and operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices by migrating a portion of our employees to a primarily remote setup where they access our servers remotely through home or other networks to perform their job responsibilities. While some of our operations can be performed remotely and are operating effectively at present, there is no guarantee that this will continue or that we will continue to be as effective while working remotely because our team is dispersed, many employees and contractors may have additional personal needs to attend to (such as looking after children as a result of school closures or a family member who becomes sick), employees may become sick themselves and be 
 25 

Table of Con tents 

 unable to work, and any unavailability of or unreliable home Internet may affect work continuity and efficiency. As COVID-19 conditions improve and restrictions are lifted, similar uncertainties exist with the return to work process, particularly in light of the spread of COVID-19 variants. 
 Additionally, while we put in place additional safeguards to protect data security and privacy, a remote workforce places additional pressure on our user infrastructure and third parties that are not easily mitigated, including additional dependencies on third-party communication tools, such as instant messaging and online meeting platforms. 
 We are highly dependent on our senior management team and other highly skilled personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting or retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 
 Our success depends, in significant part, on the continued services of our senior management team and on our ability to attract, motivate, develop and retain a sufficient number of other highly skilled personnel, including engineers, manufacturing and quality assurance, design, finance, marketing, sales and support personnel. Our senior management team has extensive experience in the aerospace industry, and we believe that their depth of experience is instrumental to our continued success. The loss of any one or more members of our senior management team, for any reason, including resignation or retirement, could impair our ability to execute our business strategy and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, competition for qualified highly skilled personnel can be strong, and we can provide no assurance that we will be successful in attracting or retaining such personnel now or in the future. Following an operational pause beginning on March 16, 2023, which we implemented in order to conserve capital while we explored potential fundraising transactions, on March 30, 2023, we announced a workforce reduction of approximately 675 employees, constituting approximately 85 of our workforce in order to reduce expenses in light of our inability to secure meaningful funding. Employees in all areas of the Company were impacted by the workforce reduction, which was substantially complete by April 3, 2023. In addition, on April 4, 2023, we filed the Chapter 11 Cases. These actions may negatively impact our ability to attract candidates to the Company in the future. Further, any inability to recruit, develop and retain qualified employees may result in high employee turnover and may force us to pay significantly higher wages, which may harm our profitability. Additionally, we do not carry key man insurance for any of our management executives, and the loss of any key employee or our inability to recruit, develop and retain these individuals as needed, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any acquisitions, partnerships or joint ventures that we enter into could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 From time to time, we may evaluate potential strategic acquisitions of businesses, including partnerships or joint ventures with third parties. We may not be successful in identifying acquisition, partnership and joint venture candidates. In addition, we may not be able to continue the operational success of such businesses or successfully finance or integrate any businesses that we acquire or with which we form a partnership or joint venture. We may have potential write-offs of acquired assets and/or an impairment of any goodwill recorded as a result of acquisitions. Furthermore, the integration of any acquisition may divert management s time and resources from our core business and disrupt our operations or may result in conflicts with our business. Any acquisition, partnership or joint venture may not be successful, may reduce our cash reserves, may negatively affect our earnings and financial performance and, to the extent financed with the proceeds of debt, may increase our indebtedness. We cannot ensure that any acquisition, partnership or joint venture we make will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to many hazards and operational risks that can disrupt our business, including interruptions or disruptions in service at our primary facilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our operations are subject to many hazards and operational risks inherent to our business, including general business risks, product liability and damage to third parties, our infrastructure or properties and the facilities of our third-party contractors and suppliers that may be caused by fires, earthquakes, tsunamis and other natural disasters or severe weather, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, disruptive political events, epidemic outbreaks, human errors and similar events. Additionally, our manufacturing and launch operations are hazardous at times and may expose us to safety risks, including environmental risks and health and safety hazards to our employees or third parties. 
 Moreover, while Cosmic Girl anticipates having multiple launch locations around the world from which she can take off, our initial launch operations are currently launched from the Mojave Air and Space Port based in Mojave, California. Likewise, our payload processing is undertaken at our payload processing facility in Long Beach, California. Any significant interruption due to any of the above hazards and operational risks to the manufacturing or operation of our payload processing and space launch systems at one of our primary facilities, including from weather conditions, natural disasters, growth constraints, performance by third-party providers (such as electric, utility or telecommunications 
 26 

Table of Con tents 

 providers), failure to properly handle and use hazardous materials, failure of computer systems, power supplies, fuel supplies, infrastructure damage, disagreements with the owners of the land on which our facilities are located, or damage sustained to the runway could result in manufacturing delays or the delay or cancellation of our planned commercial launches and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 For example, severe weather, such as rainfall, snowfall or extreme temperatures, may have various impacts on our operations, including limiting the ability of our launches to be carried out as planned, resulting in additional expense to reschedule, thereby reducing our sales and profitability. Terrorist attacks, actual or threatened acts of war or the escalation of current hostilities, or any other military or trade disruptions impacting our domestic or foreign suppliers of components of our products, may impact our operations by, among other things, causing supply chain disruptions and increases in commodity prices, which could adversely affect our raw materials or transportation costs. These events also could cause or act to prolong an economic recession in the United States or abroad. To the extent these events also impact one or more of our suppliers or contractors or result in the closure of any of their facilities or our facilities, we may be unable to maintain or increase our launch schedules or fulfill our other contracts. 
 Moreover, the disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place currently may prove inadequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans and, more generally, any of these events could cause consumer confidence and spending to decrease, which could adversely impact our commercial launch operations. Our insurance coverage may also be inadequate to cover our liabilities related to such hazards or operational risks. We may also be unable to maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates we consider reasonable and commercially justifiable, and insurance may not continue to be available on terms as favorable as our current arrangements. The occurrence of a significant uninsured claim, or a claim in excess of the insurance coverage limits maintained by us, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively affected and could continue to negatively affect various aspects of our business, make it more difficult for us to meet our obligations to our customers, and result in reduced demand for our services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Any outbreak of contagious diseases or other adverse public health developments, including with respect to COVID-19 or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business operations. These impacts to our operations have included, and could again in the future include, disruptions or restrictions on the ability of our employees and customers to travel or our ability to pursue collaborations and other business transactions, travel to customers, and oversee the activities of our third-party manufacturers and suppliers. We may also be impacted by the temporary closure of the facilities of suppliers, manufacturers or customers. 
 While travel restrictions and business closures have largely lifted, we are continuing to monitor and assess the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations; however, we cannot at this time accurately predict what effects these conditions will ultimately have on our operations due to uncertainties relating to the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak and outbreak of further variants. In addition, a significant outbreak of contagious diseases in the human population could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that could affect demand for our services and impact our operating results. 
 As a public reporting company, we are subject to rules and regulations established by the SEC regarding our internal control over financial reporting. Our internal controls may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock and your investment. 
 We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to furnish a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K. This assessment, pursuant to Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, must include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. Additionally, once we are no longer an emerging growth company, pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we will be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to establish or maintain appropriate internal control over financial reporting or implement these additional requirements in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, it could result in material misstatements to our consolidated financial statements, failure to meet our reporting obligations on a timely basis, increases in compliance costs, and subject us to adverse regulatory consequences, all of which may adversely affect investor confidence in, and the value of, our common stock. 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, that company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and influenced by that 
 27 

Table of Con tents 

 company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 As previously reported, in connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020, we identified two material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting: (i) related to the lack of sufficient personnel to execute, review and approve all aspects of the financial statement close and reporting process and (ii) arising from the need to augment information technology and application controls in our financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As of December 31, 2022, management has concluded that remediation of the previously identified material weaknesses was completed. However, we cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, and actions we may take in the future, will be sufficient to prevent or avoid potential future material weaknesses. Our failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in errors in our financial statements that could result in loss of investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and a decline in our stock price, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 We may become involved in litigation that may materially adversely affect us. 
 
 From time to time, we may become involved in various legal proceedings relating to matters incidental to the ordinary course of our business, including intellectual property, commercial, product liability, employment, class action, whistleblower and other litigation and claims, and governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. We are also be exposed to litigation risk as a result of the Chapter 11 Cases, including the risk that certain parties will commence litigation with respect to the treatment of their claims under a plan of reorganization or liquidation. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management s attention and resources, cause us to incur significant expenses or liability or require us to change our business practices. Because of the potential risks, expenses and uncertainties of litigation, we may, from time to time, settle disputes, even where we believe that we have meritorious claims or defenses. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable, we cannot assure you that the results of any of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Please refer to Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Note [19]. Subsequent Events to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional information about our legal proceedings. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 If we fail to adequately protect our proprietary intellectual property rights, our competitive position could be impaired and we may lose valuable assets, generate reduced revenue and incur costly litigation to protect our rights. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect and maintain our proprietary intellectual property rights, including certain methodologies, practices, tools, technologies, technical expertise and other proprietary know-how we utilize in designing, developing, implementing and maintaining applications and processes used in our launch systems and related technologies. To date, we have relied primarily on a combination of trade secrets, trademarks and contractual protections, including those in non-disclosure agreements, to protect our intellectual property, and we intend to continue to rely on these and other means, including patent protection, in the future. Our trademark applications may not be granted, any trademark registrations that may be issued to us may not sufficiently protect our intellectual property, and our intellectual property rights may be challenged by third parties. Our trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary information may be stolen, used in an unauthorized manner, or compromised through an intrusion by private parties or foreign actors into our computer systems. Any of these scenarios may result in limitations in the scope of our intellectual property or restrictions on our use of our intellectual property or may adversely affect the conduct of our business. 
 Although we enter into non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements with our employees, enter into non-disclosure agreements with our customers, consultants, suppliers and other parties with whom we have strategic relationships and business alliances and enter into intellectual property assignment agreements with our consultants and suppliers, no assurance can be given that these agreements will not be breached. Further, these contracts and arrangements may not be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our technology and proprietary information and cannot prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our products. 
 Additionally, monitoring unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult and costly, and the steps we have taken or will take to prevent misappropriation may not be successful. From time to time, we may have to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. The laws of some countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and mechanisms for 
 28 

Table of Con tents 

 enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries may be inadequate. Therefore, our intellectual property rights may not be as strong or as easily enforced outside of the United States. Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights could result in our competitors offering similar products, potentially resulting in the loss of some of our competitive advantage and a decrease in our revenue which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. To the extent we expand our international activities, our exposure to unauthorized copying and use of our technologies and proprietary information may increase. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon, misappropriating or otherwise violating our technology and intellectual property. 
 
 We have agreed to carry out a debranding plan with respect to the exclusive and non-exclusive rights to use the name and brand Virgin Orbit and certain other marks, rights and other matters subject to the TMLA. 
 
 On April 2, 2023, in connection with the Company s entry into the DIP Credit Agreement with VIL, we entered into the Debrand Agreement with VEL pursuant to which the TMLA, which gave us certain exclusive and non-exclusive rights to use the name and brand Virgin Orbit and the Virgin signature logo, was terminated as of April 2, 2023. Upon termination of the TMLA, all rights licensed under the TMLA in relation to the use of the Marks (as defined in the TMLA) will, subject to agreed run-off periods contemplated in the Debrand Agreement and in the Debranding Plan (as defined in the Debrand Agreement), immediately and permanently revert to VEL. Pursuant to the Debrand Agreement, we agreed with VEL to, as soon as possible after the Termination Date, carry out a Debranding Plan with respect to the marks, rights and other matters subject to the TMLA. While we are not required to change our corporate name, and are permitted to use such marks and rights, until the earlier of the closing of a sale of the Company or the effective date of a Chapter 11 plan, we will thereafter lose our rights to use the Virgin brand in accordance with the terms of the Debrand Agreement, which would require us to change our corporate name and undergo other significant rebranding efforts. These rebranding efforts may require significant resources and expenses and may affect our ability to attract and retain customers, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. 
 Protecting and defending against intellectual property claims may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our success depends in part upon successful prosecution, maintenance, enforcement and protection of our owned and licensed intellectual property. 
 To protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our trade secrets. Such litigation could be costly, time consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management s attention and resources, could disrupt our business, as well as have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The results of intellectual property litigation are difficult to predict and may require us to stop using certain technologies or offering certain services or may result in significant damage awards or settlement costs. There is no guarantee that any action to defend, maintain or enforce our owned or licensed intellectual property rights will be successful, and an adverse result in any such proceeding could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
 In addition, we may from time to time face allegations that we are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of third parties, including the intellectual property rights of our competitors. We may be required to license additional technology from third parties in connection with our launch systems and related technologies and we cannot be certain that we will be able to license that technology on commercially reasonable terms or at all. We may be unaware of the intellectual property rights that others may claim cover some or all of our technology or services. Irrespective of the merit of any such claims, we could incur significant costs and diversion of resources in defending against them, and there is no guarantee any such defense would be successful, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. In some jurisdictions, plaintiffs can also seek injunctive relief that may limit the operation of our business or prevent the selling of our services that infringe or allegedly infringe on the plaintiff s intellectual property rights. 
 Even if these matters do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor or without significant cash settlements, these matters, and the time and resources necessary to litigate or resolve them, could divert the time and resources of our management team and harm our business, our operating results and our reputation. 
 29 

Table of Con tents 

 Risks Related to Legal, Regulatory, Accounting and Tax Matters 
 If we commercialize outside the United States, we will be exposed to a variety of risks associated with international operations that could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 If we resume full-scale operations and continue to expand internationally and commercialize outside of the United States, we expect that we will be subject to additional risks related to entering into international business relationships, including: 
 restructuring our operations to comply with local regulatory regimes; 
 identifying, hiring and training highly skilled personnel; 
 unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements, including ITAR, EAR and Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC 
 economic weakness, including inflation, in foreign economies and markets; 
 the impact of geopolitical instability, civil unrest, war and/or events of terrorism, such as the ongoing armed military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and any related volatility and disruption in the global markets; 
 compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 
 foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; 
 the need for U.S. government approval to operate our launch systems outside the United States; 
 foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue; 
 government appropriation of assets; 
 workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; and 
 disadvantages of competing against companies from countries that are not subject to U.S. laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), OFAC regulations and U.S. anti-money laundering regulations, as well as exposure of our foreign operations to liability under these regulatory regimes. 
 Our business is subject to a wide variety of extensive and evolving government laws and regulations. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations relating to various aspects of our business, including with respect to our launch operations, employment and labor, health care, tax, privacy and data security, health and safety, and environmental issues. Laws and regulations at the foreign, federal, state and local levels frequently change, especially in relation to new and emerging industries, and we cannot always reasonably predict the impact from, or the ultimate cost of compliance with, current or future regulatory or administrative changes. We monitor these developments and devote a significant amount of management s time and external resources towards compliance with these laws, regulations and guidelines, and such compliance places a significant burden on management s time and other resources, and it may limit our ability to expand into certain jurisdictions. Moreover, changes in law, the imposition of new or additional regulations or the enactment of any new or more stringent legislation that impacts our business could require us to change the way we operate and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to comply with these laws, such as with respect to obtaining and maintaining licenses, certificates, authorizations and permits critical for the operation of our business, may result in civil penalties or private lawsuits, or the suspension or revocation of licenses, certificates, authorizations or permits, which would prevent us from operating our business. For example, conducting commercial launches in the United States requires licenses and permits from certain agencies of the Department of Transportation, including the FAA, and review by other agencies of the U.S. Government, including the DoD, Department of State, NASA, and the Federal Communications Commission (the FCC ). License approval includes an interagency review of safety, operational, national security, and foreign policy and international obligations implications, as well as a review of foreign ownership. Delays in FAA action allowing us to conduct commercial launches could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. 
 Moreover, regulation of our industry is still evolving, and new or different laws or regulations could affect our operations, increase direct compliance costs for us or cause any third-party suppliers or contractors to raise the prices they charge us because of increased compliance costs. 
 30 

Table of Con tents 

 Application of these laws to our business may negatively impact our performance in various ways, limiting the collaborations we may pursue, further regulating the export and re-export of our products, services, and technology from the United States and abroad, and increasing our costs and the time necessary to obtain required authorization. The adoption of a multi-layered regulatory approach to any one of the laws or regulations to which we are or may become subject, particularly where the layers are in conflict, could require alteration of our manufacturing processes or operational parameters which may adversely impact our business. We may not be in complete compliance with all such requirements at all times and, even when we believe we are in complete compliance, a regulatory agency may determine that we are not. 
 We are subject to stringent U.S. export and import control laws and regulations and economic and trade sanctions. Unfavorable changes in these laws and regulations or U.S. government licensing policies, our failure to secure timely U.S. government authorizations under these laws and regulations, or our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 Our business is subject to stringent U.S. import and export control laws and regulations as well as economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations. We are required to import and export our products, software, technology and services, as well as run our operations, in full compliance with such laws and regulations, which include the EAR, the ITAR, and economic sanctions administered by the Treasury Department s OFAC. Similar laws that impact our business exist in other jurisdictions. These laws and regulations prohibit, restrict, or regulate our ability to, directly or indirectly, export, deemed export, re-export, deemed re-export or transfer certain hardware, technical data, technology, software, or services to certain countries and territories, entities, and individuals, and for end uses. If we are found to be in violation of these laws and regulations, it could result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties, the loss of export or import privileges, debarment and reputational harm. 
 Pursuant to these laws and regulations, we are required, among other things, to (i) maintain a registration under the ITAR, (ii) determine the proper licensing jurisdiction and export classification of products, software, and technology, and (iii) obtain licenses or other forms of U.S. government authorization to engage in the conduct of our launch business. The authorization requirements include the need to get permission to release controlled technology to foreign persons. Changes in U.S. laws and regulations, or reclassifications of our products or technologies, may restrict our operations. The inability to secure and maintain necessary licenses and other authorizations could negatively impact our ability to compete successfully or to operate our business as planned. Any changes in the export control regulations or U.S. government licensing policy, such as those necessary to implement U.S. government commitments to multilateral control regimes, may restrict our operations. Given the great discretion the government has in issuing or denying such authorizations to advance U.S. national security and foreign policy interests, there can be no assurance we will be successful in our future efforts to secure and maintain necessary licenses, registrations, or other U.S. government regulatory approvals. 
 We are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. We can face criminal liability and other serious consequences for violations, which can harm our business. 
 We are subject to the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act and possibly other anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws in countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, agents, contractors and other third-parties who act on the company s behalf from authorizing, promising, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything else of value to recipients in the public or private sector. We maintain policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with the anti-corruption laws. However, we cannot provide assurance that our internal controls will always prevent and detect noncompliance, and we can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who act on our behalf, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. Any violations of the laws and regulations described above may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties, imprisonment, the loss of export or import privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm and other consequences. 
 We are subject to environmental regulation and may incur substantial costs. 
 We are subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and ordinances relating to the protection of the environment, including those relating to emissions to the air, discharges to surface and subsurface waters, safe drinking water, greenhouse gases and the storage, disposal and management of hazardous substances, oils and waste materials. Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require a current or previous owner or operator of real estate to investigate and remediate hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at or from the property. Under federal and many state laws, generators of waste materials, and current and former owners or operators of facilities, can be subject to liability, regardless of fault, for investigation and remediation costs at locations that have been identified as requiring response actions. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations can require significant expenditures. In addition, we could incur costs to comply with such current or future laws and regulations, as well as new interpretations or applications of existing laws, the violation of which could lead to substantial fines and penalties. 
 31 

Table of Con tents 

 We may have to pay governmental entities or third parties for property damage and for investigation and remediation costs that they incurred in connection with any contamination at our current and former properties or at third-party sites where we have sent hazardous substances for disposal without regard to whether we knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. Liability under these laws may be strict, joint and several, meaning that we could be liable for the costs of cleaning up environmental contamination regardless of fault or the amount of waste directly attributable to us. Even if more than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by these environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs incurred. We could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, as well as third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws or regulations. In addition, new laws and regulations, more stringent enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the imposition of new remediation requirements could result in additional costs. Environmental liabilities could arise and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and performance. We do not believe, however, that pending environmental regulatory developments in this area will have a material effect on our capital expenditures or otherwise materially adversely affect our operations, operating costs, or competitive position. 
 Increasing attention to, and evolving expectations regarding environmental, social and governance matters may impact our business and reputation. 
 Increasingly, in addition to the importance of their financial performance, companies are being judged by their performance on a variety of environmental, social and governance ESG matters, which are considered to contribute to the long-term sustainability of companies performance. Voluntary ESG initiatives and disclosures may result in increased costs (including but not limited to increased costs related to compliance, stakeholder engagement, contracting and insurance), changes in demand for certain products, enhanced compliance or disclosure obligations, or other impacts to our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 While we may at times engage in voluntary initiatives (such as voluntary disclosures, certifications, or goals, among others) to improve the ESG profile of our company and/or products or to respond to stakeholder expectations, such initiatives may be costly and may not have the desired effect. Further, our emphasis on ESG issues may not maximize short-term financial results and may yield financial results that conflict with the market s expectations. We have and may in the future make business decisions that may reduce our short-term financial results if we believe that the decisions are consistent with our ESG goals, which we believe will improve our financial results over the long-term. These decisions may not be consistent with the short-term expectations of our stockholders and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our business, financial condition, and operating results could be harmed. 
 Expectations around company s management of ESG matters continues to evolve rapidly, in many instances due to factors that are out of our control. For example, we may ultimately be unable to complete certain initiatives or targets, either on the timelines initially announced or at all, due to technological, cost, or other constraints, which may be within or outside of our control. Moreover, actions or statements that we may take based on expectations, assumptions, or third-party information that we currently believe to be reasonable may subsequently be determined to be erroneous or be subject to misinterpretation. If we fail to, or are perceived to fail to, comply with or advance certain ESG initiatives (including the timeline and manner in which we complete such initiatives), we may be subject to various adverse impacts, including reputational damage and potential stakeholder engagement and/or litigation, even if such initiatives are currently voluntary. For example, there have been increasing allegations of greenwashing against companies making significant ESG claims due to a variety of perceived deficiencies in performance, including as stakeholder perceptions of sustainability continue to evolve. 
 A variety of organizations measure the performance of companies on ESG topics, and the results of these assessments are widely publicized. Unfavorable ESG ratings could lead to increased negative investor sentiment towards us, which could negatively impact our share price as well as our access to and cost of capital. To the extent ESG matters negatively impact our reputation, it may also impede our ability to compete as effectively to attract and retain employees, customers, or business partners, which may adversely impact our operations. We may be especially subject to scrutiny on such matters given our efforts to portray our operations and products/services as a tool to help assess and manage certain ESG risks. In addition, we expect there will likely be increasing levels of regulation, disclosure-related and otherwise, with respect to ESG matters. For example, the SEC has proposed rules that would require companies to provide significantly expanded climate-related disclosures in their periodic reporting, which may require us to incur significant additional costs to comply, including the implementation of significant additional internal controls processes and procedures regarding matters that have not been subject to such controls in the past, and impose increased oversight obligations on our management and board of directors. The Biden Administration has also proposed revisions to the Federal Acquisition Regulation which, if adopted, would require similar compliance costs, increased liability for our climate-related disclosures, as well as, for certain suppliers, adoption of climate-related targets subject to the methodology of the Science Based Targets Initiative, which may influence our climate and business strategy in ways other than we might prefer. This and other stakeholder expectations will likely lead to increased costs as well as scrutiny that could heighten all of the risks identified in this risk 
 32 

Table of Con tents 

 factor. Additionally, many of our customers, business partners, and suppliers may be subject to similar expectations, which may augment or create additional risks, including risks that may not be known to us. 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations may increase tax uncertainty and adversely affect results of our operations and our effective tax rate. 
 We will be subject to taxes in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. Due to economic and political conditions, tax laws and tax rates in various jurisdictions, including the United States, may be subject to change. Our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in tax laws or their interpretation. In addition, we may be subject to income tax audits by various tax jurisdictions. Although we believe our income tax liabilities are reasonably estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, an adverse resolution by one or more taxing authorities could have a material impact on the results of our operations. 
 Additional Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities and Operating as a Public Company 
 The price of our common stock and warrants may be volatile. 
 
 Our stock price has declined significantly over the last 12 months and continues to experience volatility, including in light of the Chapter 11 Cases. Any of the factors listed below could have a further adverse effect on an investment in our securities, and our securities may trade at prices significantly below the price that you paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of our securities may not recover and may experience a further decline. The price of our common stock, as well as our warrants, may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including: 
 market perception about our viability as a going concern; 
 changes in the industries in which we and our customers operate; 
 developments involving our competitors; 
 developments involving other companies where our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders have affiliations, even if those developments are not related to our business or those parties ties to us; 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; 
 variations in our operating performance and the performance of our competitors in general; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 
 publication of research reports by securities analysts about us or our competitors or our industry; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, its other public announcements and its filings with the SEC; 
 actions by stockholders, including the sale by them of any of their shares of our common stock; 
 additions and departures of key personnel; 
 commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt or convertible debt; 
 the volume of shares of our common stock available for public sale; and 
 general economic and political conditions, such as the effects of the COVID-19 outbreak, recessions, interest rates, local and national elections, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations, corruption, political instability and acts of war or terrorism. 
 These market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our common stock and warrants regardless of our operating performance. 
 We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to finance the further development and expansion of our business and do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the 
 33 

Table of Con tents 

 discretion of our board of directors (the Board and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in the Stockholders Agreement and future agreements and financing instruments, business prospects and such other factors as our Board deems relevant. 
 If analysts do not publish research about our business or if they publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that analysts publish about our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover our common stock downgrade their rating or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our common stock could decline. If few analysts cover us, the demand for our common stock could decrease and our common stock price and trading volume may decline. Similar results may occur if one or more of these analysts stop covering us in the future or fail to publish reports on it regularly. 
 We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 
 We may issue shares of preferred stock or additional shares of common stock, which would dilute the interest of our stockholders and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 2,000,000,000 shares of common stock and up to 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock. 
 To raise capital, we may sell common stock, preferred stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions, at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. We may sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is less than the price per share paid by our current stockholders, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. In accordance with applicable law, we may also issue common stock or preferred stock for other purposes as our Board deems appropriate. Any such issuance: 
 may significantly dilute the equity interest of our then-current stockholders; 
 may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if one or more classes of preferred stock are created, and such preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded to our common stock; and 
 may adversely affect the prevailing market price for our common stock. 
 Future resales of our common stock may cause the market price of our securities to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Following the expiration of the applicable lock-ups agreed to by certain of our stockholders in connection with the Business Combination, those stockholders will not be restricted from selling such shares of our common stock, other than by applicable securities laws. As such, sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time following the expiration, lapse or waiver of such lock-ups. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. 
 As restrictions on resale end and registration statements are available for use, the sale or possibility of sale of these shares could have the effect of increasing the volatility in our share price or the market price of our common stock could decline if the holders of currently restricted shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. 
 The obligations associated with being a public company involve significant expenses and require significant resources and management attention, which may divert from our business operations. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Exchange Act requires the filing of annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to a public company s business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that a public company establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not previously incur. Our entire management team and many of our other employees will need to devote substantial time to compliance, and may not effectively or efficiently manage our transition into a public company. We are 
 34 

Table of Con tents 

 also subject to more stringent state law requirements. For example, prior to being declared unconstitutional by the Los Angeles Superior Courts in 2022, SB 826 generally required public companies with principal executive offices in California to have a minimum number of females on the company s board of directors, and AB 979 generally required public companies with principal executive offices in California to have a minimum number of persons from specified underrepresented communities on the company s board of directors. It is possible that the State of California could appeal one or both of the prior court decisions. While we will seek to comply with both SB 826 and AB 979 as promptly as practicable to the extent such are laws are in effect, the current composition of our Board does not satisfy the requirements of either SB 826 or AB 979. If either were to be reinstated, we could be fined by the California Secretary of State, with a 100,000 fine for the first violation of each and a 300,000 for each subsequent violation, and our reputation may be adversely affected. 
 These rules and regulations will result in us incurring substantial legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, these rules and regulations will likely make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and it may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be difficult for us to attract and retain qualified people to serve on its board of directors, its board committees or as executive officers. 
 VIL is able to control the direction of our business, and the concentrated ownership of our common stock will prevent you and other stockholders from influencing significant decisions. 
 VIL controls a majority of our common stock. Additionally, under our Stockholders Agreement entered into with Vieco 10 Limited Vieco 10 ), VIL assumed the rights of Vieco 10 and Fifteenth Investment Company LLC Fifteenth became a Voting Party under the Stockholders Agreement (the Stockholders Agreement ), except that Fifteenth has the right to designate one designee for election to the Board for as long as Fifteenth continues to own at least 7.5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the Stockholders Agreement, we are required to take all necessary action to cause VIL s specified designees to be nominated to serve on the Board. For so long as VIL holds a majority of our common stock, it will be able to control the composition of the Board, which in turn will be able to control all matters affecting us, subject to the terms of the Stockholders Agreement, including: 
 any determination with respect to our business direction and policies, including the appointment and removal of officers and, in the event of a vacancy on the Board, additional or replacement directors; 
 any determinations with respect to mergers, business combinations or disposition of assets; 
 determination of our management policies; 
 our financing policy; 
 our compensation and benefit programs and other human resources policy decisions; and 
 the payment of dividends on our common stock. 
 Even if VIL were to control less than a majority of the total outstanding shares of our common stock, it will be able to influence the outcome of corporate actions so long as it owns a significant portion of the total outstanding shares of our common stock. Specifically, under the terms of the Stockholders Agreement, for so long as VIL continues to beneficially own at least 25 of the shares of our common stock immediately following the Closing, in addition to any vote or consent of the stockholders or the Board as required by law, we and our subsidiaries must obtain VIL s prior written consent to engage in: 
 a business combination or similar transaction having a fair market value FMV of 10.0 million or more; 
 a non-ordinary course sale of assets or equity interest having a FMV of 10.0 million or more; 
 a non-ordinary course acquisition of any business or assets having a FMV of 10.0 million or more; 
 an acquisition of equity interests having a FMV of 10.0 million or more; 
 approval of any non-ordinary course investment having a FMV of 10.0 million or more, other than any investment expressly contemplated by our annual operating budget then in effect; 
 an issuance or sale of any of our or our subsidiaries capital stock, other than an issuance of shares of capital stock upon the exercise of options to purchase shares of our capital stock; 
 35 

Table of Con tents 

 making any dividends or distribution to our stockholders other than redemptions and those made in connection with the cessation of services of employees; 
 incurring indebtedness outside of the ordinary course in an amount greater than 25.0 million in a single transaction or 100.0 million in aggregate consolidated indebtedness; 
 amendment of the terms of the Stockholders Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement 
 a liquidation or similar transaction; 
 transactions with any interested stockholder pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K; 
 increasing or decreasing the size of the Board; or 
 engaging of any professional advisors for any of the foregoing matters listed above. 
 Furthermore, for so long as VIL continues to beneficially own at least 10 of the shares of our common stock, in addition to any vote or consent of the stockholders or the Board as required by law, we and our subsidiaries must obtain VIL s prior written consent to engage in: 
 any business combination or similar transaction; 
 amendment of the terms of the Stockholders Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement; 
 a liquidation or related transaction; or 
 an issuance of capital stock in excess of 5 of our or our subsidiaries then issued and outstanding shares, other than issuances upon the exercise of options in accordance with their respective terms. 
 Because the interests of VIL may differ from our interests or the interests of our other stockholders, actions that VIL takes with respect to us may not be favorable to us or our other stockholders. 
 The delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq may make it more difficult for us to raise capital on favorable terms in the future. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. Further, if we were to be delisted from Nasdaq, our common stock would cease to be recognized as covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 We are currently an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and to the extent we have taken advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 
 We are currently an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 
 Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised 
 36 

Table of Con tents 

 standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company, which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. 
 If we cease to be an emerging growth company, we will no longer be able to take advantage of certain exemptions from reporting, and, absent other exemptions or relief available from the SEC, we will also be required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will incur additional expenses in connection with such compliance and our management will need to devote additional time and effort to implement and comply with such requirements. 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 
 Delaware law and our organizational documents contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover provisions that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 
 Our organizational documents and the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, and therefore depress the trading price of our common stock. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the current members of the Board or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. Among other things, the organizational documents include provisions regarding: 
 providing for a classified board of directors with staggered, three-year terms; 
 the ability of the Board to issue shares of preferred stock, including blank check preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 
 subject to the terms of the Stockholders Agreement, the Board will have the exclusive right to expand the size of the Board and, once we no longer qualify as a controlled company under the Nasdaq listing standards, to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of Board or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which will prevent stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on the Board; 
 once we no longer qualify as a controlled company under the Nasdaq listing standards, our stockholders will not be able to act by written consent, which will force stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders; 
 our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 
 the limitation of the liability of, and the indemnification of, our directors and officers; 
 the ability of the Board to amend the bylaws, which may allow the Board to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend the bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; 
 advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to the Board or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders and delay changes in the Board and also may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us; and 
 37 

Table of Con tents 

 expansive negative consent rights for VIL, which provide that as long as VIL maintains certain ownership thresholds to appoint a director under the Stockholders Agreement, the written consent of VIL is required to enter into certain business combinations or related transactions. 
 These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our Board or management. 
 The provisions of our certificate of incorporation requiring exclusive forum in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging certain lawsuits, including derivative lawsuits and lawsuits against our directors and officers, by limiting plaintiffs ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) and any appellate court thereof will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or stockholders to us or to our stockholders, (iii) any action, suit or proceeding arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Bylaws or our Certificate of Incorporation (as either may be amended from time to time), (iv) any action, suit or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (v) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any current or former director, officer or stockholder governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The Certificate of Incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, this provision is intended to benefit and may be enforced by us, our officers and directors, the underwriter for any offering giving rise to such complaint, and any other professional entity whose profession gives authority to a statement made by that person or entity and who has prepared or certified any part of the documents underlying the offering. 
 These provisions may have the effect of discouraging certain lawsuits, including derivative lawsuits and lawsuits against our directors and officers, by limiting plaintiffs ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation or bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in the Certificate of Incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. 
 While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. We note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Our certificate of incorporation limits liability of our non-employee directors, VIL, Fifteenth and the NextGen Sponsor and their respective affiliates and representatives liability to us for breach of fiduciary duty and could also prevent us from benefiting from corporate opportunities that might otherwise have been available to us. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and other than corporate opportunities that are expressly presented to one of our directors or officers in his or her capacity as such, our non-employee directors, VIL, Fifteenth. and NextGen Sponsor II LLC, (the NextGen Sponsor and their respective affiliates and representatives: 
 will not have any fiduciary duty to refrain from (i) engaging in and possessing interests in other business ventures of every type and description, including those engaged in the same or similar business activities or lines of business in which we or any of our subsidiaries now engages or proposes to engage or (ii) competing with us or any of our affiliates, subsidiaries or representatives, on their own account, or in partnership with, or as an employee, officer, director or shareholder of any other Person (other than us or any of our subsidiaries); 
 will have no duty to communicate or present such transaction or matter to us or any of our subsidiaries, as the case may be; and 
 will not be liable to us or our stockholders or to any of our subsidiaries for beach of any duty (fiduciary, contractual or otherwise) as one of our stockholders or directors by reason of the fact that such Person, directly or indirectly, pursues or acquires such opportunity for itself, herself or himself, directs such opportunity to 
 38 

Table of Con tents 

 another Person or does not present such opportunity to us or any of our subsidiaries, affiliates or representatives. 
 We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you. 
 We have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant if, among other things, the last reported sale price of our common stock for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). Redemption of the outstanding warrants as described above could force you to: (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so; (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants; or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us (subject to limited exceptions) so long as they are held by the NextGen Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 
 In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant if, among other things, the last reported sale price of our common stock for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of shares of common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our common stock. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (i) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (ii) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 shares of common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 
 The terms of the warrants may be amended in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. 
 The warrants are governed by a Warrant Agreement between the Warrant Agent (as defined herein) and Virgin Orbit. The Warrant Agreement provides that (a) the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the Warrant Agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the Warrant Agreement, or defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the Warrant Agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants under the Warrant Agreement and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants; provided that any amendment that solely affects the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the Warrant Agreement solely with respect to the private placement warrants will also require at least 65 of the then outstanding private placement warrants. 
 Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited. Examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 
 You may only be able to exercise your public warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer shares of common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 
 The Warrant Agreement provides that in the following circumstances holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do for cash and will, instead, be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement; (ii) if we have so elected and the common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act; and (iii) if we have so elected and we call the public warrants for redemption. If you exercise your public warrants on a cashless basis, you would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our common stock (as defined in the next sentence) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The 
 39 

Table of Con tents 

 fair market value is the average reported closing price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. As a result, you would receive fewer shares of common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 
 The Warrant Agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 The Warrant Agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the Warrant Agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the Warrant Agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our Warrant Agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the Warrant Agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 
 This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our Warrant Agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Our employees and independent contractors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, which could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees and independent contractors may engage in misconduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless or negligent conduct or other activities that violate laws and regulations, including production standards, U.S. federal and state fraud, abuse, data privacy and security laws, other similar non-U.S. laws or laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. In addition, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results, including, without limitation, the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgement, integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance, imprisonment, other sanctions, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and curtailment of our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Investments in us may be subject to U.S. and non-U.S. foreign investment screening regulations which may impose conditions or limitations on certain investors (including, but not limited to, limits on purchasing our capital stock, limits on information sharing with such investors, requiring a voting trust, governance modifications, forced divestiture, or other measures). 
 Certain investments that involve the acquisition of, or investment in, a U.S. business by a non-U.S. investor may be subject to review and approval by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ). Whether CFIUS has 
 40 

Table of Con tents 

 jurisdiction to review an acquisition or investment transaction depends on among other factors the nature and structure of the transaction, including the level of beneficial ownership interest and the nature of any information or governance rights involved. For example, investments that result in control of a U.S. business by a foreign person always are subject to CFIUS jurisdiction. Significant CFIUS reform legislation, which was fully implemented through regulations that became effective on February 13, 2020, among other things expanded the scope of CFIUS s jurisdiction to investments that do not result in control of a U.S. business by a foreign person but afford certain foreign investors certain information or governance rights in a U.S. business that has a nexus to critical technologies, critical infrastructure and/or sensitive personal data. The new CFIUS legislation also imposed mandatory filings for certain investment transactions into U.S. businesses with a nexus to critical technologies. 
 Moreover, other countries continue to strengthen their own foreign direct investment FDI screening regimes, and investments and transactions outside of the U.S. may be subject to review by non-U.S. FDI regulators if such investments are perceived to implicate national security policy priorities. Any review and approval of an investment or transaction by CFIUS or another FDI regulator may have outsized impacts on transaction certainty, timing, feasibility, and cost, among other things. CFIUS and other FDI regulatory policies and practices are rapidly evolving, and in the event that CFIUS or another FDI regulator reviews one or more proposed or existing investment by investors in us, there can be no assurances that such investors will be able to maintain, or proceed with, such investments on terms acceptable to such investors. CFIUS or another FDI regulator may require us to divest some or all of our business operations, impose requirements on the management, control and conduct of our business, or impose limitations or restrictions on, or prohibit, investments by certain investors (including, but not limited to, limits on purchasing our common stock, limits on information sharing with such investors, requiring a voting trust, governance modifications, or forced divestiture, among other things). 
 In particular, as Closing occurred prior to the commencement of the U.K s new investment screening regime under the NSIA, no approval was required under the NSIA. However, the U.K. Secretary of State has the power to call in transactions for review (including retrospectively in relation to transactions occurring after November 11, 2020) where he or she reasonably suspects that a transaction has given rise or may give rise to a risk to national security. The U.K. Secretary of State has broad powers to make interim and final orders for the purpose of preventing, remedying or mitigating such a national security risk. Any such orders may adversely affect us and can include a requirement that some or all of the business be divested, as well as impose requirements on the management, control and conduct of the business. 
 Cyber-attacks and other security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business, harm our reputation and expose us to liability. 
 Our business may be impacted by disruptions to our own or third-party information technology IT infrastructure, which could result from (among other causes) cyber-attacks on or failures of such infrastructure or compromises to its physical security, as well as from damaging weather or other acts of nature. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business or result in the loss of critical and confidential or classified information. Cyber-based risks, in particular, are evolving and include, but are not limited to, both attacks on our IT infrastructure and attacks on the IT infrastructure of third parties (both on premises and in the cloud) attempting to gain unauthorized access to our confidential or other proprietary information, classified or export-controlled information, or information relating to our employees, customers and other third parties. Cyber-based risks could also include attacks targeting the security, integrity and/or availability of the hardware, software and information installed, stored or transmitted in our rockets and systems. Such attacks could disrupt our systems or those of third parties, impact business operations, result in unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, and corrupt our data or that of third parties. 
 The threats we face vary from attacks common to most industries to more advanced and persistent, highly organized adversaries, including nation states, which target us and other defense contractors. We continue to make investments and adopt measures designed to enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities, and to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services and operations from potential cyber-attacks. However, our current measures are limited, and it is possible that intrusions or potential vulnerabilities could go undetected for an extended period or that the measures we have taken or will take are inadequate to protect against, or adequately respond to or mitigate, the effects of such cyber-attacks. We could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, other detrimental impacts on our operations, the compromise of confidential or otherwise protected information, misappropriation, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our or third-party systems, networks or products, financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business, or potential liability, penalties, fines and/or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, competitive position, financial condition and results of operations. Due to the evolving nature of such risks, the impact of any potential incident cannot be predicted. 
 Unauthorized access to our or our customers information and systems could negatively impact our business. 
 We face certain security threats, including threats to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and systems. We maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems and management oversight in order to address these threats. While these measures are designed to prevent, detect and respond 
 41 

Table of Con tents 

 to unauthorized activity in our systems, certain types of attacks, including cyber-attacks, could result in significant financial or information losses and/or reputational harm. In addition, we may manage information technology systems for certain customers. Many of these customers face similar security threats. If we cannot prevent the unauthorized access, release and/or corruption of our customers confidential, classified or personally identifiable information, our reputation could be damaged, and/or we could face financial losses. 
 Business disruptions could seriously affect our future sales and financial condition or increase our costs and expenses. 
 Our business may be impacted by disruptions including threats to physical security, information technology or cyber-attacks or failures, damaging weather or other acts of nature, pandemics or other public health crises, macroeconomics event such as supply chain disruption. Any of these disruptions could affect our internal operations or our ability to deliver products and services to our customers. Any significant production delays, or any destruction, manipulation or improper use of our data, information systems or networks could impact our sales, increase our expenses and/or have an adverse effect on the reputation of the Company and of our products and services. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Facilities 
 We operate primarily at two locations in California (Long Beach and Mojave). All of our facilities are located on land that is leased from third parties. We believe that such facilities meet our current and future anticipated needs. 
 In Long Beach, we maintain approximately 151,000 square feet of testing and operations facilities at our facility on Conant St, and approximately 44,000 square feet of operations space at our facility on McGowen St. We maintain approximately 840,000 square feet of testing and 10,750 square feet of operations space at the Mojave Air and Space Port in Mojave, California. 
 The Long Beach campus consists of two main operational buildings under separate lease agreements that collectively house fabrication, assembly, warehouse, office and test operations. The leases on the Long Beach facilities are coterminous, with an option to extend the lease term to 2030. The Mojave campus consists of testing areas, launch operations areas, storage and office space. These facilities are leased pursuant to several agreements, which generally have five-year initial terms coupled with renewal options. The leases are currently in the renewal periods and are set to end in 2025. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 On April 4, 2023, the Debtors commenced voluntary proceedings under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware. The Chapter 11 Cases are jointly administered under the caption In re Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc., et al. (Case No. 23-10405). 
 
 In addition, we are, from time to time, subject to various claims, lawsuits and other legal and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Some of these claims, lawsuits and other proceedings may involve highly complex issues that are subject to substantial uncertainties, and could result in damages, fines, penalties, non-monetary sanctions or relief. However, we do not consider any such claims, lawsuits or proceedings that are currently pending, individually or in the aggregate, to be material to our business or likely to result in a material adverse effect on our future operating results, financial condition or cash flows. The outcome of legal matters and litigation, however, is inherently uncertain and therefore if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against us for amounts in excess of our expectations, our results of operations, and financial condition, including in a particular reporting period, could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Please refer to Part IV. Note 19, Subsequent Events to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional information regarding our legal proceedings. 
 42 

Table of Con tents 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 

43 

Table of Con tents 

 Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock and warrants trade on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol VORB and VORBW , respectively. 
 On April 4, 2023, we received a notification from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department notifying us of Nasdaq s intention to delist the Company s common stock and warrants as a result of the Company s filing of a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code and that trading of the Company s securities would be suspended effective at the opening of business on April 13, 2023. The Company has requested a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel to appeal Nasdaq s determination to delist the Company s securities. Trading of the Company s securities will remain suspended pending the appeal process. Nasdaq will not take any action to delist the Company s securities pending a final written decision by the Nasdaq Hearings Panel. There can be no assurance that our appeal will be successful. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of April 4, 2023, there were 345 registered stockholders of record of our shares of common stock. The actual number of stockholders of our common stock is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares of common stock are held in street name by banks, brokers and other nominees. 
 Dividends 
 None. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information required by Item 5 of Form 10-K regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12. of Part III of this Annual Report. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 During 2022, the registrant did not make any sales of unregistered equity securities that were not previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information that Virgin Orbit s management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of Virgin Orbit s consolidated results of operations and financial condition. You should read this discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon Virgin Orbit s current expectations, estimates and projections that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements due to, among other considerations, the matters discussed in the sections entitled Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of, and a comparison between, our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. A discussion and analysis of, and a comparison between, our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 can be found in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Vieco USA, Inc. entered into a Merger Agreement with NextGen on August 22, 2021. The Business Combination was completed on December 29, 2021, in conjunction with which NextGen changed its name to Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. (hereafter referred to as Virgin Orbit , the Company , we , us or our , unless the context otherwise requires). 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a vertically integrated space company that provides customers dedicated and rideshare small-satellite launch capabilities. Our philosophy is to operate a mobile launch system that can launch at any time, to any orbit, without warning. Our vision is to use space to drive positive and lasting change on Earth, from connecting communities to advancing scientific initiatives; supporting America s and other nations space presence, supporting the global space operations that enhance the way joint and coalition forces fight, and helping create the next generation of world-changing space technology. 
 We have been primarily focused on and engaged in designing and developing launch solutions for small-satellites since our inception in 2017. We have incurred net losses of 191.2 million, 157.3 million, and 121.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and expect to incur significant losses in the near term. 
 Liquidity, Voluntary Petitions for Bankruptcy and Going Concern 
 
 Since achieving commercialization in January 2021, we have continued to make significant investments in capital expenditures to build and expand our production for commercial small-satellite launches, hire top-tier leaders and innovators, and continue to invest in research and development. However, as discussed below under Liquidity and Capital Resources - Liquidity and Going Concern , our history of losses and the possibility that we may not be able to raise sufficient capital to finance our operations raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to capitalize on industry tailwinds and execute on our growth strategy will depend on our ability to access additional capital. We will require additional financing to continue our operations and grow our business, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, would force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our operations, which could have the result of causing our business to fail and liquidating with little or no return to investors. 
 
 On April 4, 2023, the Debtors commenced voluntary proceedings under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the Bankruptcy Court ). The Chapter 11 proceedings are jointly administered under the caption In re Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc., et al. (Case No. 23-10405). (the Chapter 11 Cases ). The Debtors continue to operate their business as debtors-in-possession under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. On April 5, 2023, the Debtors have received interim approval of a variety of first day motions containing customary relief intended to assure the Debtors ability to continue their ordinary course operations. 
 
 In connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, we and our domestic subsidiaries entered into a Senior Secured Superpriority Debtor-in-Possession Term Loan Credit Agreement (the DIP Credit Agreement with VIL on April 6, 2023, subject to final approval of the Bankruptcy Court. Please refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources Debtor-in-Possession Term Loan Credit Agreement below for further information. 
 
 The significant risks and uncertainties related to our liquidity and Chapter 11 Cases described above raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Business Combination 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 On August 22, 2021, NextGen via Pulsar Merger Sub, Inc. Pulsar Merger Sub and Vieco USA entered into a Merger Agreement which contemplated Pulsar Merger Sub merging with and into Vieco USA, with Vieco USA surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of NextGen (the Business Combination ). On December 29, 2021, as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, we consummated the Business Combination and changed our name to Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. The Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization. Virgin Orbit common stock and warrants commenced trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq under the symbols VORB and VORBW, respectively, on December 29, 2021. 
 See Part IV. Note 1. Organization and Business Operations - The Business Combination in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for further details. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 In addition to our ability to obtain additional capital to continue our operations as a going concern, we believe that our financial performance depend on several factors that present significant opportunities for our business, but also pose risks and challenges, including those discussed below and in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 
 Customer Demand 
 Since our first test flight in 2020, a broad range of potential customers, including national security organizations, commercial satellite providers, and civil service providers have shown significant interest in our service. Our commercial customers include satellite and constellation providers such as Arqit and SatRev. Civil customers mostly fall within our spaceport and launch offerings for civil space agencies with customers including, NASA, Spaceport Cornwall in the United Kingdom, Spaceport Japan at Oita Airport in Japan, and Alcantara Launch Center in Brazil. Outside of spaceports, we also provide dedicated launch services for civil space agencies such as NASA, and we expect to provide such services to other governments which have space agencies but lack the infrastructure for domestic space launches. Some national security and defense customers include the United States Space Force, the U.S. Air Force, National Reconnaissance Office and the Missile Defense Agency. Leveraging our four successful orbital launches in 2021 and 2022, we have been able to secure approximately 192.1 million of binding agreements as of December 31, 2022. 
 We also believe there is near- and medium-term growth potential in the space market, driven by rapid advances in launch and satellite technology. As a result, there has been a proliferation of private sector space companies pursuing the growing demand for space solutions across multiple applications. As one of the few proven small-satellite launch providers to have successfully delivered payloads to their intended orbit, we believe we are well-positioned to benefit from these attractive industry tailwinds. Therefore, we plan to leverage our existing launch capabilities and our track record as a systems integrator to provide end-to-end value-added services for Internet of Things IoT and Earth Observation EO applications through the combination of agreements with satellite operators and a satellite constellation we will own and operate. Using a satellite-as-a-service model, we expect to deploy our own satellites in the next few years to serve government and commercial customers, both domestically and internationally. 
 Technology Innovation 
 We design, build, and test LauncherOne in-house and operate at the forefront of composite structures, liquid rocket engines, ultra-responsive launch systems, ruggedized avionics, optimized flight software, automated flight safety systems, and advanced manufacturing techniques. We believe the synergy of these technologies enables greater responsiveness to the commercial and government small-satellite markets. Our unique air-launch system launches satellites into space from a rocket carried beneath the wing of a modified Boeing 747-400, meaning it has greater flexibility, mobility and responsiveness than other satellite launch systems. To continue establishing market share and attracting customers, we plan to continue our substantial investments in research and development for the continued enhancements of LauncherOne and commercialization of future generations of our rockets. 
 Manufacturing Capacity 
 As we plan to continue to scale our production of rockets for our small-satellite services, we are making significant investments in capital expenditures for building and enhancing our manufacturing capacity and facilities. We expect our capital expenditures to continue to increase for the next several years. The amount and timing of our future manufacturing capacity requirements, and resulting capital expenditures, will depend on many factors, including the pace and results of our research and development efforts to meet technological development milestones, our ability to develop and manufacture rockets, our ability to achieve sales, and customer demand for our rockets at the levels we anticipate. Our headquarters in Long Beach, California has combined facility space of 195,000 square feet and is used for design, engineering, manufacturing, integration, assembly, test activities, payload processing and encapsulation. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately six rockets in production and the processes, technology and machinery/tooling to support a production capacity of approximately 20 rockets annually. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Global Pandemic and Macroeconomic Conditions 
 We continue to monitor how the COVID-19 pandemic is affecting our employees and business. While we are no longer experiencing delays from measures taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the longevity and extent of the COVID-19 pandemic remain uncertain. Measures we may need to take in the future and challenges that result from the pandemic could affect our operations necessary to complete the development of our spaceflight systems, our scheduled flight test programs and commencement of our commercial flights. 
 
 Further, the global economy, including credit and financial markets, has recently experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, rising interest and inflation rates, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. All of these factors could impact our liquidity and future funding requirements, including but not limited to our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. The duration of this economic slowdown is uncertain and the impact on our business is difficult to predict. See the section entitled Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the global economy on our business. 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Launch Related Services 
 Small-satellite launch operations revenue is recognized for providing customer launch services by placing payloads into orbit. Revenue for each customer payload is recognized at a point in time when the performance obligation is complete, which is typically at the point of launch. We began recognizing revenue for launch services in January 2021 from our initial launch with NASA. Our second launch was completed in June 2021, with successful deployments of payloads in each of our core offerings: commercial, civil and defense. As of the date of this Annual Report, we successfully completed four orbital launches since 2021, out of Mojave, California. To date, we have delivered 33 satellites to their desired orbits with high precision. We generated 32.7 million and 6.0 million of launch service revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, from launch related services. We expect a significant portion of our future revenue growth to be derived from further commercialization of our small-satellite launch operations and expansion of our portfolio of space offerings. 
 Engineering Services 
 We also generate revenue by providing engineering services, which primarily relates to research and studies, to our customers. Revenue is recognized as control of the performance obligation is transferred over time to the customer. As of December 31, 2022, we have six engineering service revenue contracts for which we expect to transfer all remaining performance obligations to the customers by the year ended December 31, 2027. We expect that we will continue to earn revenue from engineering services, but that such revenue will represent a smaller portion of our future revenue growth compared to launch services. We generated 0.4 million and 1.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, from engineering services. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue relates to launch services and engineering services, which primarily includes costs for materials and human capital, such as payroll and benefits for our launch and flight operations. We expect that we will continue to incur cost of revenue from launch services and engineering services. Since LauncherOne achieved technological feasibility in January 2021, we began capitalizing and subsequently charging to cost of revenue the costs incurred to launch small-satellites. Costs associated with launch services include the costs for rocket manufacturing, overhead, and launch. Costs for rocket manufacturing include materials, labor, fuel, payroll and benefits for our launch and flight operations as well as the depreciation of Cosmic Girl, maintenance and depreciation of facilities and equipment and other allocated overhead expenses. As we continue to grow our revenue from further commercialization of our small-satellite launch operations and expansion of our portfolio of space offerings, we expect that our cost of revenue will increase. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Gross profit is calculated as revenue less cost of revenue. Gross margin is the percentage obtained by dividing gross profit by its revenue. Our gross profit and gross margin have varied historically based on the mix of revenue from small-satellite launch services and engineering services. Although our gross profit and gross margin may continue to vary by offering as we scale our business, we expect our overall gross profit and gross margin to improve over time. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of personnel-related expenses related to general corporate functions, primarily including executive management and administration, finance and accounting, legal, business development, and government affairs, as well as certain allocated costs. Personnel-related expenses primarily include salaries and benefits. Allocated costs include costs related to information technology, facilities, human resources and safety. Personnel-related expenses also include allocated sustaining activities relating to launch operations and production processes support, including required launch system maintenance, updates and documentation. 
 As we continue to grow, we expect that our selling, general and administrative costs will increase. We also expect to incur additional expenses as a result of operating as a public company, including expenses necessary to comply with the rules and regulations applicable to companies listed on a national securities exchange and related to compliance and reporting obligations pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, as well as higher expenses for fiduciary and executive liability coverage, investor relations and professional services. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 We conduct research and development activities to develop existing and future technologies that advance our satellite launch and space solution offerings. Research and development activities include basic research, applied research, concept formulation studies, design, development and related test program activities. Costs incurred to develop our LauncherOne rockets primarily include equipment, material, labor and overhead. Costs incurred for performing test flights primarily include labor and fuel expenses for launch and flight operations. Research and development costs also include rent, maintenance, and depreciation of facilities and equipment and other allocated overhead expenses. We plan to continue to make substantial investments in research and development for the continued enhancements of LauncherOne and the development of a third stage modified LauncherOne for additional services. As LauncherOne achieved technical feasibility in January 2021, we began capitalizing the production costs of our LauncherOne rockets. 
 Interest Expense, net 
 Interest expense, net relates to the cost of financing our Convertible Notes (as defined below), finance lease obligations, cost of financing our director and officer insurance, and income from interest bearing demand deposit accounts. 
 Change in Fair Value of Equity Investments 
 Change in fair value of equity investments consists of the changes in fair value of our equity investments. 
 Change in Fair Value of Liability Classified Warrants 
 Change in fair value of liability classified warrants relates to remeasurement of our public and private placement warrants to fair value as of any respective exercise date and as of each subsequent balance sheet date. 
 Change in Fair Value of Convertible Notes 
 Change in fair value of convertible notes relate to remeasurement of our Convertible Notes to fair value as of any respective conversion date and as of each subsequent balance sheet date. 
 Other Income 
 Other income consists of sources of income that are not related to our primary operations, including miscellaneous non-operating items, such as income recognized from non-ordinary course of business activities . 
 Income Tax Provision 
 Our provision for income taxes consists of an estimate for U.S. federal and state income taxes based on enacted rates, as adjusted for allowable credits, deductions, uncertain tax positions, changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in the tax law. We maintain a valuation allowance against the full value of our U.S. and state net deferred tax assets because we believe it is more likely than not that the recoverability of these deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods presented. The period-to-period comparisons of financial results are not necessarily indicative of future results. 
 (In thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 
 33,106 7,385 3,840 Cost of revenue 
 85,739 37,872 3,168 Gross loss 
 (52,633) (30,487) 672 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 120,467 92,796 43,003 Research and development expenses 
 43,263 48,079 137,135 Operating loss 
 (216,363) (171,362) (179,466) Other income (expense), net: Change in fair value of equity investments (7,486) 6,792 Change in fair value of liability classified warrants 17,592 3,749 Change in fair value of convertible notes 9,101 Interest expense, net (1,326) (24) (4,852) Other income 
 7,335 3,560 62,671 Total other income, net: 25,216 14,077 57,819 Loss before income taxes 
 (191,147) (157,285) (121,647) Provision for income taxes 
 11 6 5 Net loss 
 (191,158) (157,291) (121,652) 
 Revenue 
 (In thousands) 
 Years Ended 
 December 31, 
 change change 2022 2021 Revenue 
 33,106 7,385 25,721 348 
 Revenue increased by 25.7 million, or 348 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily attributable to an increase of 26.7 million related to launch service revenue from our two launches and other launch-related service revenue earned, offset by the decrease in engineering services revenue of 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Revenue increased by 3.5 million, or 92 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily attributable to the recognition of launch services revenue of 6.0 million from our two launches for the year ended December 31, 2021. We did not generate any revenue from launch services during the year ended December 31, 2020. A 0.8 million increase in revenue from the Royal Air Force pilot training program was offset by a 0.6 million decrease in revenue from engineering services and 1.9 million decrease in revenue from bridge ventilators built to help in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020. 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Loss 
 (In thousands) 
 Years Ended 
 December 31, 
 change change 2022 2021 Revenue 
 33,106 7,385 25,721 348 Cost of revenue 
 85,739 37,872 47,867 126 Gross loss 
 (52,633) (30,487) (22,146) 73 Gross margin 
 (159) (413) 
 Cost of revenue increased by 47.9 million, or 126 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily attributable to our two launches in January and July 2022 and the recognition of contract losses of 30.1 million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we determined inventory related to certain near-term rocket builds was not recoverable and as a result, we recognized an inventory write-down of 2.0 million to its estimated net 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 realizable value. Gross profit decreased by 22.1 million, and gross margin increased by 254 percentage points for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to costs of launch-related service revenue, additional provisions for contract losses booked on future launches, manufacturing variances, and inventory adjustments to net realizable value related to certain rocket builds that were not recoverable. 
 Cost of revenue increased by 34.7 million, or 1095 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily attributable to our two launches in January and June 2021 and the recognition of contract losses of 17.4 million. After the launch in January 2021, we began to capitalize costs associated with the launch services. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we determined inventory related to certain near-term rocket builds was not recoverable and as a result, we recognized an inventory write-down of 4.1 million to its estimated net realizable value. Gross profit decreased by 31.2 million, and gross margin decreased by 431 percentage points for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily attributable to the shift of revenues from the development of bridge ventilators in 2020 to launch services with the two launches in 2021. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 (In thousands) 
 Years Ended 
 December 31, 
 change change 2022 2021 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 120,467 92,796 27,671 30 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 27.7 million, or 30 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily attributable to the increase in personnel-related expenses including stock based compensation, and public company costs including directors and officers insurance and professional fees. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 49.8 million, or 116 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily attributable to the increase in personnel-related expenses of 48.1 million, 0.8 million of facilities, overhead and general corporate expenses, and 0.8 million in professional and legal fees. The increase in personnel-related expenses is primarily related to sustaining the launch and production processes during the year ended December 31, 2021. The sustaining activities relating to launch operations and production processes support, such as required launch system maintenance, updates and documentation, increased upon LauncherOne reaching technological feasibility as a result of the launch in January 2021. The increase in personnel-related expenses also includes a 4.2 million increase in stock-based compensation expense attributed to stock options granted to a former employee. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 (In thousands) 
 Years Ended 
 December 31, 
 change change 2022 2021 Research and development expenses 
 43,263 48,079 (4,816) (10) 
 Research and development expenses decreased by 4.8 million, or 10 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily attributable to reaching technological feasibility upon our successful launch in January 2021, with the majority of those launch related expenses included in research and development. For the full year of 2022, efforts related to sustaining the launch and production processes were included in selling, general, and administrative expenses, and efforts related to the production and launch were included in inventory or costs of goods sold. 
 Research and development expenses decreased by 89.1 million, or 65 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily attributable to the decreases in personnel-related expenses of 42.1 million facilities, overhead and payroll related expenses of 45.8 million and professional services fees of 1.2 million due to LauncherOne reaching technical feasibility during the year ended December 31, 2021. LauncherOne reached technological feasibility upon the successful launch in January 2021. Since then, a portion of the research and development resources to 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 develop the LauncherOne technology have shifted focus from technological development to sustaining the launch and production processes as well as capitalized labor and overhead to inventory. 
 Change in Fair Value of Equity Investments 
 (In thousands) 
 Years Ended 
 December 31, 
 change change 2022 2021 Change in fair value of equity investments 
 (7,486) 6,792 (14,278) (210) 
 Change in fair value of equity investment income decreased by 14.3 million, or 210 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the net change in fair value of equity investment in Arqit of 14.5 million, offset by the decrease of 0.2 million unrealized loss for the equity investment in Sky and Space Global Limited SAS ). 
 Change in fair value of equity investments increased by 6.8 million, or 100 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 attributable to the unrealized gain of 7.0 million from the equity investment in Arqit, and partially offset by the 0.2 million unrealized loss for the equity investment in SAS. 
 Change in Fair Value of Liability Classified Warrants 
 (In thousands) 
 Years Ended 
 December 31, 
 change change 2022 2021 Change in fair value of liability classified warrants 
 
 17,592 3,749 13,843 369 
 Change in fair value of liability classified public and private placement warrants increased by 13.8 million, or 369 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 resulting in a gain due to the decrease in fair value of liability classified warrants. 
 Change in fair value of liability classified warrants increased by 3.7 million, or 100 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 as a result of the public and private placement warrants that were originally issued by NextGen and subsequently assumed by the Company as part of the Business Combination. The public and private placement warrants are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value with the carrying amount subject to remeasurement to fair value as of any respective exercise date and as of each subsequent balance sheet date. 
 Change in Fair Value of Convertible Notes 
 (In thousands) 
 Years Ended 
 December 31, 
 change change 2022 2021 Change in fair value of convertible notes 
 9,101 9,101 100 
 The change in fair value of convertible notes created a gain of 9.1 million, or 100 , attributable to the decrease in fair value for the convertible debenture (the YA II Convertible Debenture issued and sold to YA II PN, Ltd. the Investor on June 29, 2022 in the principal amount of 50.0 million, and the two VIL convertible notes totaling 45.0 million issued and sold to Virgin Investments Limited (the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes ). The 2022 VIL Convertible Notes are comprised of senior unsecured and secured convertible notes issued on November 4, 2022 and December 19, 2022, respectively, in the principal amounts of 25.0 million and 20.0 million, respectively, which are convertible into shares of our common stock or other qualified securities (each as further described below). The YA II Convertible Debenture and the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value with the carrying amount subject to remeasurement to fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet date. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense, Net 
 (In thousands) 
 Years Ended 
 December 31, 
 change change 2022 2021 Interest expense, net 
 (1,326) (24) (1,302) (1,302) 5425 
 Interest expense, net increased by 1.3 million, or 5425 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to accrued interest expense of 1.7 million related to the YA II Convertible Debenture and the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes, interest expense for financing of our director and officer insurance of 0.1 million, offset by the increase in money market interest income of 0.5 million. 
 Interest expense, net decreased by 4.8 million, or 100 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 was attributable to the loan the Parent Company forgave for the outstanding principal and accrued interest payable of 235.1 million revolving loan facility RLF ). The RLF was considered extinguished because of such contribution. 
 Other Income 
 (In thousands) 
 Years Ended 
 December 31, 
 change change 2022 2021 Other income, net 
 7,335 3,560 3,775 106 
 Other income increased by 3.8 million, or 106 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to revenue recognition of 7.3 million of the initial launch termination refund related to the bankruptcy filing of our former largest customer, compared to the non-recurring SAS income of 3.6 million recognized in 2021, primarily attributable to 1.7 million for the initial ordinary shares of SAS issued to us in exchange for the termination of the LSA, as well as a non-refundable deposit of 1.2 million. 
 Other income decreased by 59.1 million, or 94 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily attributable to the recognition of 62.2 million of non-refundable deposits received as a result of the bankruptcy filing of our largest customer for the year ended December 31, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2021 we received 3.6 million primarily attributable to 1.7 million for the initial ordinary shares of SAS issued to us in exchange for the termination of the LSA, as well as a non-refundable deposit of 1.2 million. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We have accumulated net operating losses at the federal and state level for the time period during which we had not yet began commercial operations. We maintain a substantially full valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets. The income tax expenses are primarily related to minimum state filing fees in the states where we have operations. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We only began commercial launch operations in 2021 and have been dependent on cash flows from financing activities to fund our operations. Our cash and cash equivalents were 51.2 million as of December 31, 2022, and we will require additional financing in order to continue and expand our operations and grow our business. If we are not able to obtain sufficient additional financing, our business may fail and we may be forced to liquidate with little or no return to investors. 
 Liquidity Requirements 
 
 We face uncertainty regarding the adequacy of our liquidity and capital resources and have extremely limited, if any, access to additional financing. In addition to the cash requirements necessary to fund ongoing operations, we expect to incur significant costs associated with the bankruptcy process, including legal, financial and restructuring advisors to the Company and certain of our creditors, and that we will continue to incur these significant costs throughout the Chapter 11 Cases. Our ability to obtain confirmation of a successful plan of reorganization in timely manner to limit these costs is critical to ensuring our liquidity is sufficient during the bankruptcy process . Assuming we are able to obtain sufficient additional financing and implement a plan of reorganization to continue as a going concern, we expect our expenses to increase in connection with ongoing activities, particularly as we continue to advance the development of our technologies, 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 commercialize our satellite launch operations and continue to develop our space solution offerings, and continue to build and expand our production of rockets and aircraft. 
 Specifically, we expect our operating expenses to increase as we: 
 scale up our facilities, manufacturing processes and capabilities to support expanding our volume of rockets; 
 pursue further research and development on our satellite launches and space solution offerings, including those related to our research and education efforts; 
 hire additional personnel in research and development, manufacturing operations, testing programs and maintenance as we increase the volume of our satellite launches and expand our space solution offerings; 
 seek regulatory approval for any changes, upgrades, or improvements to our technologies and operations in the future; and 
 hire additional personnel in management to support the expansion of our operational, financial and information technology functions as a public company. 
 We have several non-cancelable leases primarily related to the lease of our manufacturing and testing facilities. These leases generally contain renewal options for periods ranging from three to ten years and require us to pay all executory costs, such as maintenance and insurance. Our total remaining lease obligation as of December 31, 2022 is 24.3 million, with 3.4 million due in less than one year. We also have non-cancelable purchase commitments as of December 31, 2022 primarily related to supply and engineering services providers. Total non-cancelable purchase commitments due in the next five years is approximately 40.9 million, with 20.9 million due in less than one year. 
 Additionally, we have been expanding our satellite launch operations and space solution offerings since commercialization. As of December 31, 2022, we had six rockets in various stages of production and one carrier aircraft in operation. Assuming we are able to obtain sufficient additional financing to support our operations, we expect to accelerate our production of rockets to reach an annual production capacity of approximately 20 rockets. We have significantly reduced the per unit cost of producing rockets since production began. As such, we anticipate the costs to manufacture additional rockets to continue to decrease on a per unit basis as we advance and scale up our manufacturing processes and capabilities. However, the recent commercialization of our satellite launch and space solution offerings and the anticipated expansion of our rocket production have unpredictable costs and are subject to significant risks, uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, that may affect the timing and magnitude of these anticipated expenditures. Many of these risks and uncertainties are described in more detail in Part I. I tem 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including rate of revenue growth, ability to reduce costs per unit, the expansion of research and development activities, hiring additional personnel, and investment in manufacturing operations. We may sell equity securities or debt securities or secure other debt financing in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner as we may determine from time to time. If we sell any such equity securities in subsequent transactions, our current investors may be materially diluted. Any debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants and could reduce our operational flexibility or profitability. 
 Liquidity and Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The going concern basis of presentation assumes that the Company will continue in operation one year after the date these consolidated financial statements are issued and will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. 
 We have incurred significant losses since our inception and had an accumulated deficit of 1,011.6 million as of December 31, 2022. Our cash and cash equivalents was 51.2 million and 194.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and we have not generated positive cash flows from operations. We have not generated sufficient revenues to provide sufficient cash flows to enable us to finance our operations internally, and may not be able to raise sufficient capital to do so. In addition, on April 4, 2023, the Company filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. As a result of the Company s assessment of going concern considerations, management has determined that the liquidity condition, our need to satisfy certain financial and other covenants in our debtor-in-possession financing, our need to implement a restructuring plan and the costs, risks and uncertainties surrounding the Chapter 11 Cases raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for 12 months following the issuance of the financial statements. 
 Management s plans to mitigate an expected shortfall of capital to support future operations by raising additional funds through borrowings or additional sales of securities or other sources, and managing our working capital may not overcome 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 or alleviate the substantial doubt that was raised. There is no assurance that additional financing will be available when needed or that management will be able to obtain financing on terms acceptable to the Company or whether the Company will become profitable and generate positive operating cash flow. If the Company is unable to raise substantial additional capital, operations and production plans may be scaled back or curtailed. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Convertible Debenture with YA II PN, Ltd. 
 In June 2022, we entered into a securities purchase agreement (the 2022 Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which we sold and issued to the Investor a convertible debenture (the 2022 Convertible Debenture in the principal amount of 50.0 million, which is convertible into shares of our common stock, subject to certain conditions and limitations set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 
 The 2022 Convertible Debenture bears interest at an annual rate of 6.0 and has a maturity date of December 29, 2023. The 2022 Convertible Debenture provides a conversion right, in which any portion of the principal amount of the 2022 Convertible Debenture, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, may be converted into shares of our common stock at a conversion price equal to the lower of (i) 4.64 or (ii) 95 of the average of the two lowest daily volume weighted average price of our common stock during the three (3) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion (but not lower than a certain floor price, currently set at 0.746, that is subject to further adjustment in accordance with the terms of the convertible debenture). 
 In connection with the 2022 Purchase Agreement, the Company and Investor entered into a registration rights agreement pursuant to which we are required to file a registration statement registering the resale by the Investor of any shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the 2022 Convertible Debenture under the Securities Act. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, we are required to meet certain obligations with respect to, among other things, the timeliness of the filing and effectiveness of the Registration Statement (as defined therein). 
 Any time beginning 90 days after the issuance of a Debenture that the daily VWAP is less than the Floor Price for 7 trading days in a period of 10 consecutive trading days (each such occurrence, a Triggering Event and only for so long as such conditions exist after a Triggering Event, we will be required to make monthly payments in cash. Each monthly payment shall be in an amount equal to the sum of (i) the principal amount outstanding as of the date of the Triggering Event divided by the number of months until the maturity date, (ii) a redemption premium equal to 10 of the principal amount being redeemed, and (iii) accrued and unpaid interest hereunder as of each payment date. Each monthly payment obligation shall be reduced by any amounts converted since the last monthly payment. 
 Our obligation to make monthly payments ceases if any time after the applicable Triggering Event, either (i) we provide the Holder a reset notice (each, a Floor Reset Notice setting forth a reduced Floor Price which shall be equal to no more than 85 of the Closing Bid Price on the Trading Day immediately prior to such Reset Notice (and in no event greater than 10 per shares) and takes all steps necessary to implement such Floor Price reset, including, without limitation, applying for the additional listing of Conversion Shares on the Primary Market, or (ii) the daily VWAP is greater than the Floor Price for a period of 10 consecutive Trading Days, unless a subsequent Triggering Event occurs. 
 The 2022 Convertible Debenture may not be converted into common stock to the extent such conversion would result in the Investor and its affiliates having beneficial ownership of more than 9.99 of our then outstanding shares of common stock; provided that this limitation may be waived by the Investor upon not less than 65 days prior notice to us. The 2022 Convertible Debenture provides us, subject to certain conditions, with a redemption right pursuant to which, upon three business days prior notice to the Investor in the case of a partial redemption or ten business days notice in the case of a full redemption, we may redeem, in whole or in part, any of the outstanding principal and interest thereon at a redemption price equal to 2.5 of the principal amount being redeemed up until October 1, 2022, and thereafter at a redemption price equal to 5.0 of the principal amount being redeemed. 
 On March 27, 2023, we sold and issued to the Investor a convertible debenture, convertible into shares of our common stock, in the principal amount of 1.0 million on substantially similar terms as the 2022 Convertible Debenture. 
 Between January 1, 2023 and March 29, 2023, YA II PN, Ltd. converted a total principal amount of 42.5 million and accrued interest of 1.8 million for 53,796,467 shares of common stock. 
 The filing of the Chapter 11 Cases constitutes an event of default under the 2022 Convertible Debenture. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Standby Equity Purchase Agreement 
 In March 2022, we entered into a standby equity purchase agreement (the SEPA with the Investor, pursuant to which we have the right from time to time at our option to sell to the Investor up to 250.0 million of our common stock, subject to certain conditions and limitations set forth in the SEPA. 
 Upon the initial satisfaction of the conditions to the Investor s obligation to purchase shares of common stock set forth in the SEPA (the Commencement ), including that a registration statement registering the resale by the Investor of the shares of common stock under the Securities Act that may be sold to the Investor by us under the SEPA (the Initial Resale Registration Statement is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and a final prospectus relating thereto is filed with the SEC, we will have the right, but not the obligation, from time to time at our sole discretion until the first day of the month next following the 36-month period from and after the date of the SEPA, to direct the Investor to purchase up to a specified maximum amount of shares of common stock as set forth in the SEPA by delivering written notice to the Investor. The purchase price of the shares of common stock that we may sell to the Investor pursuant to the SEPA will be 97.5 of the average of the volume weighted average price of our common stock during each trading day in the three (3) consecutive trading days commencing on the trading day following delivery of such notice (other than any trading days excluded pursuant to the terms of the SEPA). The maximum amount to be sold pursuant to each notice may not exceed 50 million, and a notice cannot be delivered earlier than six trading days following the pricing period relating to any prior notice. Any shares of common stock that may be sold by us under the SEPA will be sold in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance upon the exemption afforded under Section 4(a)(2). 
 The SEPA prohibits us from directing the Investor to purchase any shares of common stock pursuant to the SEPA if those shares, when aggregated with all other shares of our common stock then beneficially owned by the Investor and its affiliates, would result in the Investor and its affiliates having beneficial ownership of more than the 9.99 of our then outstanding shares of common stock. Additionally, under applicable Nasdaq rules, we may not issue to the Investor more than 19.99 of the total number of shares of common stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the execution of the SEPA without prior stockholder approval, unless certain stipulations are met. The SEPA also provides that we may request a pre-advance loan from the Investor in a principal amount not to exceed 50.0 million. Subject to the terms of the SEPA, we have the right to terminate the SEPA at any time after Commencement, at no cost or penalty, upon five trading days prior written notice. In connection with the execution of the Purchase Agreement in June 2022, we agreed with the Investor not to sell to the Investor any shares under the SEPA until the earlier of the date upon which (i) all amounts outstanding under the convertible debenture have been fully repaid or converted into shares of common stock or (ii) the Investor no longer has any right or ability to convert any portion of the convertible debenture into shares of common stock. 
 Convertible Notes with VIL 
 We issued and sold to VIL a 25.0 million convertible note on November 4, 2022 (the November 2022 VIL Convertible Note ), a 20.0 million convertible note on December 19, 2022 (the December 2022 VIL Convertible Note ), a 10.0 million convertible note on January 30, 2023 (the January 2023 VIL Convertible Note ), a 5.0 million note on February 28, 2023 (the February 2023 VIL Convertible Note and a 10.9 million convertible note on March 30, 2023 (the March 2023 VIL Convertible Note and together with the November 2022 VIL Convertible Note, the December 2022 VIL Convertible Note, the January 2023 VIL Convertible Note and February 2023 VIL Convertible Note, the VIL Convertible Notes ). The VIL Convertible Notes are convertible into shares of our common stock or other Qualified Securities (as defined below), subject to certain conditions and limitations set forth in the VIL Convertible Notes. Each VIL Convertible Note was sold pursuant to a subscription agreement between us, VIL and our domestic subsidiaries (the Guarantors named therein that are jointly and severally guaranteeing our obligations under the VIL Convertible Notes. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, no principal or interest has been repaid on any of the VIL Convertible Notes. 
 
 The VIL Convertible Notes contain customary events of default. The November 2022 VIL Convertible Note and the December VIL Convertible Note bear interest at an annual rate of 6.0 (or 10.0 during the continuance of an event of default under such VIL Convertible Note), and the January 2023 VIL Convertible Note, the February 2023 VIL Convertible Note and the March 2023 VIL Convertible Note bear interest at an annual rate of 12.0 (or 16.0 during the continuance of an event of default under such VIL Convertible Note), in each case payable in cash semi-annually. Each of the VIL Convertible Notes has a maturity date of November 4, 2024, unless earlier repurchased, converted or redeemed in accordance with its terms prior to such date. Subject to any limitations under the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, the VIL Convertible Notes will automatically convert into Qualified Securities (as defined below) at a conversion price equal to the purchase price paid by investors in the relevant Qualified Financing (as defined below) if, prior to the earliest to occur of November 4, 2024, any Fundamental Change Effective Date and the effective date of any Merger Event (each as defined in the VIL Convertible Notes), we consummate a bona fide third-party financing of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock for gross cash proceeds of at least 50.0 million (excluding any securities purchased by VIL or its affiliates) in one or more related and substantially similar and simultaneous transactions at the same price (a Qualified Financing and the securities sold in such Qualified Financing, the Qualified Securities ). 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 VIL will have the option to convert all or a portion of the VIL Convertible Notes in accordance with such terms in a financing by us that would have been a Qualified Financing but for the gross cash proceeds in such financing being less than 50.0 million, with such conversion effected as described above as if such financing were a Qualified Financing. Additionally, on or after October 15, 2024, VIL has the right to convert all or any portion of the VIL Convertible Notes into shares of common stock at an initial conversion rate of 345.5425 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the VIL Convertible Notes (subject to adjustments as provided in the VIL Convertible Notes, the Fixed Conversion Rate ). In the event of a Fundamental Change, a Merger Event (each as defined in the VIL Convertible Notes) or a redemption of the Convertible Notes by us, or if any automatic conversion in connection with a Qualified Financing would be subject to limitations set forth in the relevant rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, VIL has the right to convert the VIL Convertible Notes at the Fixed Conversion Rate. Prior to the Maturity Date, we may redeem all or part of the VIL Convertible Notes for cash at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the VIL Convertible Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date (the Redemption Price upon prior written notice provided in accordance with the Convertible Note. VIL may also require the Company to redeem for cash all or any portion of the Convertible Note at the Redemption Price upon prior written notice provided in accordance with the Convertible Note The VIL Convertible Notes contain a covenant that restricts our and the Guarantors ability to incur liens on our and the Guarantors assets and properties without VIL s consent. If we undergo a Fundamental Change (as defined in the VIL Convertible Notes), then, subject to certain conditions, VIL may require us to repurchase for cash all or any portion of the VIL Convertible Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the VIL Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. Initially, a maximum of an aggregate of 24,498,963 shares of the common stock may be issued upon conversion of the VIL Convertible Notes at the Fixed Conversion Rate, subject to adjustment provisions included in the VIL Convertible Notes and subject to conversion in connection with a deemed Qualified Financing. 
 In connection with the VIL Convertible Notes, the Company and the Company s domestic subsidiaries guaranteeing such notes also entered into a Security Agreement dated January 30, 2023, (the Security Agreement with VIL, pursuant to which the Company and the guarantors granted a first-priority security interest on substantially all of their respective assets, including all aircrafts, aircraft engines (including spare aircraft parts) and related assets, other than certain customary excluded assets and permitted liens described in the VIL Convertible Notes. Upon the occurrence and continuation of an event of default under any of the VIL Convertible Notes, VIL is entitled to, among other things, foreclose on the assets that are the subject of the security interest. 
 We are obligated to use the net proceeds of the March 2023 VIL Convertible Note to fund severance and other costs related to the workforce reduction that we announced on March 30, 2023. 
 
 The filing of the Chapter 11 Cases constituted an event of default that accelerated our obligations under the VIL Convertible Notes. 
 
 Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement 
 
 In connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, we and our domestic subsidiaries entered into a Senior Secured Superpriority Debtor-in-Possession Term Loan Credit Agreement (the DIP Credit Agreement with VIL on April 6, 2023. Final approval remains subject to the Bankruptcy Court. 
 
 If the DIP Credit Agreement is approved on a final basis by the Bankruptcy Court as proposed, VIL would provide a super-priority senior secured debtor-in-possession term loan credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 74.1 million (the DIP Facility ), consisting of up to 31.6 million in principal amount of new money term loan commitments (the DIP New Money Loans and a roll-up of (a) the March 2023 VIL Convertible Note and (b) a portion of the other VIL Convertible Notes, in each case as described below. Borrowings under the DIP Facility would be senior secured obligations of us and our domestic subsidiaries, secured by a super-priority lien on the collateral under the DIP Facility, which includes substantially all of the assets of us and our domestic subsidiaries. Following approval of the Interim DIP Order (as defined below), the March 2023 VIL Convertible Note was converted into a separate tranche of the DIP Facility (the Interim Roll-Up Loans on the date on which the Bankruptcy Court issues an Interim DIP Order. 
 
 Upon the Bankruptcy Court s entry of the interim order approving the DIP Facility (the Interim DIP Order on April 5, 2023, VIL funded 12.25 million of DIP New Money Loans (the Interim New Money Loans on April 6, 2023. Upon the Bankruptcy Court s entry of a final order approving the DIP Facility (the Final DIP Order ), VIL shall fund an additional 15.15 million of DIP New Money Loans (the Final New Money Loans and, together with the Interim New Money Loans, the New Money Loans ). The New Money Loans and Interim Roll-Up Loans shall bear interest at a rate of 12.00 (or 16.0 upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default) per annum, payable monthly in arrears. 
 
 The DIP Credit Agreement also permits, to the extent necessary, one or more additional fundings in an aggregate principal amount of up to 4.2 million from the DIP Lender, which shall be made available following entry of (A) an order approving severance payments to the Debtors employees (a Severance Approval Order and (B) the Interim DIP Order 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 (the DIP Severance New Money Loans ). The DIP Severance New Money Loans may be drawn in one or more draws, in each case in an amount not to exceed the amount of severance payments due and payable and approved by the Bankruptcy Court (the Approved Severance Payments ). The DIP Severance New Money Loans are to be used solely for Approved Severance Payments, which may or may not become necessary. 
 
 Pursuant to the DIP Facility, a portion of the other VIL Convertible Notes would also be converted into a separate tranche of borrowings under the DIP Facility (the Final Roll-Up Loans ), and shall bear interest at 18.00 , payable and compounded monthly in arrears. Additionally, 100 of the interest payable on the Final Roll-Up Loans shall be paid in-kind and added to the principal amount thereof. 
 
 The DIP Credit Agreement contains various customary events of default. During the continuance of an event of default, all overdue amounts of principal and interest under the DIP Facility will bear interest at the applicable rate, plus an additional 4.00 per annum. 
 
 Fees and expenses under the DIP Facility include funding fees of (i) 3.00 of the aggregate principal amount of Interim New Money Loans due when issued, (ii) 3.00 of the aggregate principal amount of Final New Money Loans due when issued and (iii) 3.00 of the aggregate principal amount of Severance New Money Loans due when issued and (iv) 3.00 of the aggregate principal amount of Interim Roll-Up Loans due upon entry of the Final DIP Order approving such funding fees. 
 
 The DIP Credit Agreement also contains milestones for the progress of the Chapter 11 Cases (the Milestones ), which include the dates by which we and our domestic subsidiaries are required to, among other things, obtain certain orders of the Bankruptcy Court and consummate our emergence from bankruptcy. Among other dates set forth in the DIP Credit Agreement, the agreement contemplates that the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Final DIP Order no later than thirty (30) calendar days after the Petition Date. 

Cash Flows 
 Historical Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Years Ended 
 December 31, 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 2021 Cash used in operating activities 
 (219,287) (153,997) Cash used in investing activities 
 (18,447) (30,280) Cash provided by financing activities 
 96,182 352,473 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (141,552) 168,196 
 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 219.3 million primarily consisting of 191.2 million of net loss, adjusted for 15.9 million of non-cash and cash charges, and a decrease in net operating assets and liabilities of 44.1 million. The non-cash charges primarily included the charges in stock-based compensation of 18.6 million, depreciation and amortization of 12.7 million, inventory write-down of 2.0 million, and the change in fair value of the equity investment in Arqit of 9.1 million, offset by the change in fair value of convertible notes of 9.1 million and the change in fair value of liability classified warrants of 17.6 million, partially offset by the change in its fair value of 0.2 million. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 154.0 million primarily consisting of 157.3 million of net loss, adjusted for 16.9 million of non-cash charges, and an decrease in net operating assets and liabilities of 13.6 million. Inventory increased due to capitalizing the raw materials, labor and overhead costs related to the production of the Company s rockets after reaching technological feasibility in January 2021. Deferred revenue decreased due to recognizing revenue for our demo launch in January 2021. The non-cash charges primarily included the charges in stock-based compensation of 10.6 million, depreciation and amortization of 14.4 million, inventory write-down of 4.1 million, offset by the change in fair value of the equity investment in Arqit of 7.0 million, the change in fair value of liability classified warrants of 3.7 million and the non-cash initial investment in SAS of 1.7 million, partially offset by the change in its fair value of 0.2 million. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 18.4 million consisting of 20.9 million of purchases of property and equipment offset by 2.4 million of proceeds from sale of investment in Arqit. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 30.3 million consisting of purchases of property and equipment and 5.0 million of purchases of equity investment in Arqit. 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 96.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting of proceeds from the YA II Convertible Debenture of 50.0 million, proceeds from the November VIL Convertible Note of 25.0 million, and proceeds from the December VIL Convertible Note of 20.0 million, and proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 1.5 million, offset by payments of finance lease obligations of 0.3 million. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 352.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisting primarily of proceeds from the reverse recapitalization of 200.1 million, offset by payments of transaction costs related to the reverse recapitalization of 19.3 million, equity contributions received from the Parent Company of 169.1 million, proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 2.8 million and cash received from the sale of non-controlling interest of 1.7 million, offset by payments of finance lease obligations of 0.1 million. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report are prepared in accordance with GAAP. We evaluated the development and selection of our critical accounting policies and estimates and believe that the following involve a higher degree of judgment or complexity and are most significant to reporting our results of operations and financial position and are therefore discussed as critical. The following critical accounting policies reflect the significant estimates and judgements used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making those estimates and any such differences may be material. We re-evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. 
 We believe that the following accounting policies involve a high degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of our operations. Refer to Part IV. Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report for a description of other significant accounting policies. 
 Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets and liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The accompanying financial statements do not reflect any adjustments that might result if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. In connection with the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, we conducted an evaluation as to whether there were conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, which raised substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date of the issuance of such financial statements. Through this evaluation, we identified liquidity conditions that raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. This is further discussed in Part IV. Note 1. Organization and Business Operations to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, management has determined that our need to satisfy certain financial and other covenants in our debtor-in-possession financing, our need to implement a restructuring plan and the risks and uncertainties surrounding the Chapter 11 Cases raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Launch Services 
 We recognize revenue from launch services when control is transferred to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to be entitled to in exchange for those services. A launch services agreement generally consists of multiple launches with each launch being allocated a fixed price. The revenue of a launch services agreement is recognized at a point-in-time when the performance obligation is complete, which is typically at the point of launch. However, as we are in the early stage of commercialization, the costs to provide the launch services for each contract are still subject to estimates, including labor costs, material costs, and allocated overhead and facilities and equipment costs. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 When we determine it is probable that the costs to provide the services stipulated by the launch services agreement will exceed the allocated fixed price for each launch, we record a provision for the contract loss. Contract losses are recorded at the contract level and are recognized when known. To the extent the contract loss provision is less than the accumulated costs to fulfill the contract, we record the provision net of inventory and net of contract assets on the consolidated balance sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we identified certain contracts where the expected costs to fulfill the contracts were in excess of the estimated transaction price, and as such, recorded a provision for the related contract loss. The provision for contract losses outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was 51.6 million, with 35.4 million recorded net of inventory and 4.4 million net of contract assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Long-lived Assets 
 Long lived assets consist of property, plant and equipment, net and right-of-use assets and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group, which represents a combination of assets that produce distinguishable cash flows, may not be recoverable. If circumstances require a long-lived asset to be tested for possible impairment, we first compare undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset to the carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the long-lived asset is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values, and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary. We have not recorded any impairment charges during the years presented. 
 Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter period of the estimated useful life or lease term. We monitor conditions related to these assets to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining depreciation period. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 The Company maintains stock-based compensation plans for its employees, officers, directors and consultants. 
 Stock-based compensation expense related to the stock-based awards granted to our employees is measured and recognized in our consolidated financial statements based on fair value. The fair value of each stock option granted to employees is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. For performance-based stock options, the value of the award is measured at the grant date as the fair value of the award and is expensed on a straight-line basis over the graded vesting period, using the accelerated attribution method, once the performance condition becomes probable of being achieved. 
 Determining the grant date fair value of options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires management to make certain assumptions and judgments. The determination of the grant date fair value of stock option awards issued is affected by a number of variables, including the risk-free interest rates over the expected option term, the expected common share price volatility over the expected option term, the expected dividend yield of our common shares over the expected option term, and the fair value of the underlying common shares. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities corresponding to the expected term of the awards. 
 Expected Term The expected term represents the period that our stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding and is based on historical experience of similar awards, considering the contractual terms of the stock-based awards, vesting schedules and expectations of future employee behavior. 
 Expected Volatility The volatility rate is determined by using an average of historical volatilities of selected industry peers deemed to be comparable to our business corresponding to the expected term of the awards as we do not have sufficient history of trading in our common stock. 
 Dividend Yield The expected dividend yield is zero as we have never declared or paid cash dividends and have no current plans to do so in the near future. 
 Warrant Liability 
 The Company accounts for the warrants assumed in connection with the Business Combination in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity , under which the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, the Company classifies the warrants as liabilities at their fair value and remeasures the warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The fair value of the warrants may fluctuate primarily based on the implied volatility which varies based on future market and industry conditions. These market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our warrants regardless of our operating performance. 
 Convertible Notes 
 The Company accounts for convertible notes in accordance with ASC 825 Financial Instruments ASC 825 and early adopted ASU 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity , which removes from GAAP the liability and equity separation model for convertible instruments with either cash or beneficial conversion features. As a result, convertible debt instruments would only be separated into multiple components if they were issued at a substantial premium or if embedded derivatives requiring bifurcation were identified. As discussed in Part IV. Note 10. Convertible Notes , the YA II Convertible Debenture and VIL Convertible Notes were not issued at a substantial premium, and the Company analyzed the provisions of the notes and did not identify any material embedded features which would require bifurcation from the host debt. As such, the notes are accounted for entirely as a liability net of unamortized issuance costs. The carrying amount of the liability is classified as long-term as the instrument does not mature within one year of the balance sheet date and the holder is not permitted to demand repayment of the principal within one year of the balance sheet date. However, if conditions to convertibility are met as described further in Part IV. Note 10. Convertible Notes , the Company may be required to reclassify the carrying amount of the liability to current. The embedded conversion features are not remeasured as long as they do not meet the separation requirement of a derivative. Issuance costs are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest rate method, to interest expense over the term of the notes. Changes in fair value will be recorded in the statements of operations and changes in fair value related to credit risk will be recorded in other comprehensive loss. Additionally, ASU 2020-06 requires the application of the if-converted method to calculate the impact of convertible instruments on diluted earnings per share, however there was no impact during the year as the convertible instruments were anti-dilutive. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Please refer to Part IV. Note 3. Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for a description of recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company Accounting Election 
 Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies as defined in Section 2(A) of the Securities Act, from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can choose not to take advantage of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, and any such election to not take advantage of the extended transition period is irrevocable. Virgin Orbit is an emerging growth company and has elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 
 Virgin Orbit will use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public business entities and non-public business entities until the earlier of the date Virgin Orbit (a) is no longer an emerging growth company or (b) affirmatively and irrevocably opts out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. The extended transition period exemptions afforded by Virgin Orbit s emerging growth company status may make it difficult or impossible to compare Virgin Orbit s financial results with the financial results of another public company that is either not an emerging growth company or is an emerging growth company that has chosen not to take advantage of this exemption because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Refer to Part IV. Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for the recent accounting pronouncements adopted and the recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Virgin Orbit will remain an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act until the earliest of (a) December 31, 2026, (b) the last date of Virgin Orbit s fiscal year in which Virgin Orbit has total annual gross revenue of at least 1.24 billion, as increased for inflation, (c) the last date of Virgin Orbit s fiscal year in which Virgin Orbit is deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC with at least 700.0 million of outstanding securities held by non-affiliates or (d) the date on which Virgin Orbit has issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the previous three years. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We have interest bearing demand deposit accounts and we have operations within the United States and United Kingdom. As such, we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including the effects of interest rate changes and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Information relating to quantitative and qualitative disclosures about these market risks is set forth below. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk for changes in interest rates applicable to our cash and cash equivalents. We have cash and cash equivalents totaling 51.2 million as of December 31, 2022. Our cash and cash equivalents were invested in interest bearing demand deposit accounts. A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates would not have had a material impact on the value of our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Transaction Exposure 
 Currently, we do not use foreign currency forward contracts to manage exchange rate risk, as the amount subject to foreign currency risk is not material to our overall operations and results. Therefore, we are not exposed to foreign currency transaction risk. 
 Translation Exposure 
 The functional currency of our operations in the United Kingdom is the local currency (pound sterling). We translate the financial statements of the operations in the United Kingdom to United States Dollars and as such, we are exposed an immaterial amount of foreign currency translation risk. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 The financial statements required by this Item are included in Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules of this report and are presented beginning on page F-1 and are incorporated by reference into this Item . 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Background and Remediation of Material Weaknesses 
 As previously reported, in connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020, we identified two material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 The first material weakness was related to the lack of sufficient personnel to execute, review, and approve all aspects of the financial statement close and reporting process. The second material weakness arose from the need to augment IT and application controls in our financial reporting. 
 Our remediation plan included: 
 recruiting additional personnel, in addition to engaging and utilizing third party consultants and specialists, to supplement our internal resources and segregate key functions within our business processes; 
 designing and implementing IT and application controls in our financially significant systems to address our relative information processing objectives; 
 establishing a formal risk assessment process to identify and evaluate risks relevant to financial reporting objectives; 
 61 

Table of Content s 

 designing and implementing additional review procedures within our accounting and finance department to provide more robust and comprehensive internal controls over financial reporting that address the relative financial statement assertions and risks of material misstatement within our business processes; and 
 implementing a training program addressing internal controls over financial reporting, including educating control owners regarding the requirements of each control. 
 
 These controls have been fully implemented and have been operating for a sufficient period of time, and management has concluded, through formal testing, that these controls are operating effectively. Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the material weaknesses were remediated. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 Attestation of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Our independent registered accounting firm will not be required to opine on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 until we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Other than as described above regarding actions taken to remediate our material weaknesses, there have been no material changes in our internal control over financial that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 62 

Table of Content s 

 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Executive Officers and Directors 
 The following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of our executive officers and directors as of April 4, 2023. There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or directors. 
 Name Age Position Dan Hart 62 Chief Executive Officer, Director Jim Simpson 63 Chief Strategy Officer Brita O Rear 57 Chief Financial Officer Derrick Boston 58 Chief Legal Officer Alan J. Carr 53 Director Jill Frizzley 47 Director Susan Helms 65 Director Evan Lovell 53 Director George N. Mattson 57 Director Katharina McFarland 63 Director Abdulla Shadid 40 Director Gregory L. Summe 66 Director 
 Dan Hart . Mr. Hart joined Virgin Orbit, LLC as its President in March 2017, and has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Virgin Orbit, LLC since June 2017. Mr. Hart is a member of our Board. From 1983 until he joined Virgin Orbit, LLC, Mr. Hart held various aerospace leadership roles at Boeing, where he most recently served as Vice President of Government Satellite Systems. In that position, he oversaw Boeing s government satellite programs, while developing and managing missions for the DoD, NASA, NOAA, and other national programs. Mr. Hart s portfolio included marquee programs such as Global Positioning System GPS ), Wideband Global SATCOM, the Tracking and Data Relay Satellites TDRS system, and the X-37 spaceplane. Mr. Hart holds a Bachelor of Science degree in physics from the State University of New York at Albany and attended the Harvard Business School Advanced Management Program. 
 We believe that Mr. Hart is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his experience and track record of success as Chief Executive Officer at Virgin Orbit, LLC and elsewhere in the aerospace industry, as well as his knowledge and extensive experience in the aerospace industry and with satellite programs. 
 Jim Simpson . Mr. Simpson has served as Chief Strategy Officer of Virgin Orbit, LLC since November 2020 and is responsible for defining our strategy and leading business development efforts across all end markets. Prior to joining Virgin Orbit, LLC full-time, he served as a board member of VO Holdings, Inc. from May 2019 through November 2020. Mr. Simpson previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Saturn Satellite Networks, Inc., a manufacturer of GEO communications satellites, from May 2019 to November 2020, and of ABS Corporation, a satellite connectivity and service provider, from December 2017 to August 2018. From September 2015 to December 2017, Mr. Simpson served as Senior Vice President for Strategy Business Development at Aerojet Rocketdyne, where he led the company s new business capture and strategic alignment initiatives. Mr. Simpson spent 35 years at Boeing in various leadership roles within the Satellite Launch Business including the Vice President of Commercial Satellite Systems and the Vice President of Strategy and Business Development for Networks and Space Systems. Mr. Simpson holds Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees in Materials Engineering from University of California Los Angeles and a Master of Business Administration degree from University of Southern California Marshall School of Business. 
 Brita O Rear . Ms. O Rear has served as Chief Financial Officer of Virgin Orbit, LLC since July 2017 and is responsible for leading all corporate finance, budgeting, and accounting efforts across the business. Prior to joining Virgin Orbit, LLC, from July 2016 to May 2017, Ms. O Rear led the finance and accounting team at Astronics Test Systems. From 2013 to mid-2016, Ms. O Rear served as the Vice President of Finance at Thales Avionics InFlyt Experience and Thales North America. From 1997 to 2013, Ms. O Rear served as the Deputy CFO and Senior Director of Finance at Thales Avionics In-Flight Entertainment. Prior to Thales Avionics, Ms. O Rear held finance roles at B/E Aerospace and Lockheed Martin. Ms. 
 63 

Table of Content s 

 O Rear holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and Finance from California State University of Fullerton and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Redlands. 
 Derrick Boston . Mr. Boston served as Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel of Virgin Orbit, LLC since April 2017 and as Chief Legal Officer, he is responsible for leading the legal team and supervising the information technology team. Prior to joining Virgin Orbit, LLC, from March 2008 to January 2017, he served as Executive Vice President, Business Development and General Counsel of Panavision Inc., where he oversaw all legal matters across the business and led strategic business development projects. He also served from 2010 to 2013 as President of Panavision s Advanced Imaging Group, through which he led three of its subsidiaries. Mr. Boston is a corporate securities lawyer and has been a partner at Irell Manella and Guth | Christopher, both based in Los Angeles, California. Mr. Boston holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Government from Harvard University and a Juris Doctor degree from Harvard Law School, where he was an editor of the Harvard Law Review. 
 Alan J. Carr . Mr. Carr is a member of our Board. Mr. Carr currently serves as the Managing Member and Chief Executive Officer of Drivetrain, LLC, an independent fiduciary services firm, a position he has held since September 2013. From 2003 to 2013, Mr. Carr was Managing Director at Strategic Value Partners, a global investment firm focused on distressed debt and private equity opportunities. Mr. Carr started his career at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP and Ravin, Sarasohn, Baumgarten, Fisch Rosen in corporate restructuring advisory. Mr. Carr has served and does currently serve on public and private company boards of directors in various jurisdictions around the world and in various industries. Mr. Carr currently serves as a director for the following public companies: Qualtek Services Inc., since February 2023; M3-Brigade Acquisition III Corporation, since November 2022; Unit Corporation, since September 2020, and NewLake Capital Partners, since August 2019. He previously served on the board of directors for the following public companies in the last five years: Atlas Iron Limited, TEAC Corporation, Tidewater Inc., Midstates Petroleum Company, Inc., Verso Corporation, McDermott International, Inc., Sears Holding Corporation, Basic Energy Services, Inc., and Enjoy Technology Inc. Mr. Carr received a B.A. in Economics and Sociology from Brandeis University and a J.D. from Tulane Law School. 
 
 We believe that Mr. Carr is qualified to serve on our board due to his experience in complex financial restructurings and reorganizations and his extensive experience serving on the boards of private and public companies. 
 Jill Frizzley . Ms. Frizzley is a member of our Board. She currently serves as the president of Wildrose Partners LLC, an independent consultant company providing governance and related advisory services to corporations, a position she has held since June 2019. From 2016 through May 2019, Ms. Frizzley served as Counsel in the Business Finance and Restructuring Group at the law firm of Weil, Gotshal Manges LLP. Ms. Frizzley has served as a director on numerous public and private boards of directors. Currently, Ms. Frizzley serves as a director for the following public companies; Avaya Holdings Corporation, since December 2022 and iMedia Brands, Inc., since April 2023. She previously served on the boards of directors for the following public companies in the last five years: Hudson Technologies, Inc., Vivus, Inc. Ms. Frizzley holds a B.Sc. degree from the University of Alberta and an L.L.B. degree from the University of Toronto Faculty of Law. 
 We believe that Ms. Frizzley is qualified to serve on our Board because of her extensive experience in corporate governance and corporate restructurings, as well as her experience serving on both public and private company boards. 
 Susan Helms . Ms. Helms is a member of our Board. Ms. Helms was commissioned from the U.S. Air Force Academy in 1980 and served in the United States Air Force until her retirement in April 2014 with the rank of Lt. General. During her tenure in the United States Air Force, Ms. Helms held a variety of positions of increasing responsibility before ultimately retiring as the Commander, 14th Air Force (Air Forces Strategic), Air Force Space Command, and Commander, Joint Functional Component Command for Space, U.S. Strategic Command, Vandenberg Air Force Base, California. In addition, Ms. Helms is a former NASA astronaut and veteran of five spaceflights. Ms. Helms is the principal and owner of Orbital Visions, LLC, a consulting company established in 2015. Additionally, Ms. Helms currently serves on the NASA Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel and is a member of the Board of Trustees for the Aerospace Corporation. Ms. Helms has also been elected as a member of the National Academy of Engineering. Ms. Helms was previously a board member for Concho Resources Inc. from March 2017 to January 2021 and the Association of Space Explorers (USA) and, in 2016 she completed a two year term as a trustee for the Woodrow Wilson International Center in Washington, D.C. Ms. Helms earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Aeronautical Engineering from the U.S. Air Force Academy and a Master s of Science degree in Aeronautics/Astronautics from Stanford University. 
 We believe that Ms. Helms is qualified to serve on our Board because of her expertise in technology, risk management and organizational efficiency as a result of her long tenure with the United States Air Force, as well as her experience serving as a director for various public companies. 
 64 

Table of Content s 

 Evan Lovell . Mr. Lovell is the Chairman of our Board. Since 2012, Mr. Lovell has served as the Chief Investment Officer of the Virgin Group, where he has been responsible for managing the Virgin Group s portfolio and investments in North America. From 2008 to 2012, Mr. Lovell was the Founding Partner of Virgin Green Fund, a private equity fund investing in the renewable energy and resource efficiency sectors. From 1998 to 2008, Mr. Lovell served as an investment professional at TPG Capital, where he also served on the board of directors of a number of TPG portfolio companies. Mr. Lovell currently serves on the boards of several companies including Virgin Hotels since 2012, Virgin Voyages since 2014, BMR Energy since 2016, Virgin Galactic since 2017, 23andMe Holding Co. since 2020, Virgin Orbit since 2017 and Virgin Group Acquisition Corp. II since 2020. Mr. Lovell previously served on the board of Virgin America (NASDAQ: VA) from 2013 until its acquisition by Alaska Air in 2016. Mr. Lovell holds a Bachelor s Degree from the University of Vermont. 
 We believe that Mr. Lovell is qualified to serve on our Board because of his extensive experience as a seasoned investor and operator. 
 George N. Mattson . Mr. Mattson is a member of our Board. Mr. Mattson began serving as the current President of Star Mountain Capital, an asset management firm, in February 2023. Mr. Mattson has served as a director of the Board of Directors of Xos, Inc. (f/k/a NextGen Acquisition Corporation NGAC I )) since July 2020 and served as Co-Chairman of NGAC I from September 2020 until August 2021. Mr. Mattson served as Co-Chairman of NextGen from January 18, 2021, until December 2021. Mr. Mattson served as a Partner and Co-Head of the Global Industrials Group in Investment Banking at Goldman, Sachs Co. from November 2002 through August 2012. Mr. Mattson joined Goldman Sachs in 1994 and served in a variety of positions before becoming Partner and Co-Head of the Global Industrials Group. Mr. Mattson serves as a director of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE: DAL), and Virgin Galactic Holdings, Inc. Mr. Mattson also served as a director of Air France-KLM S.A. (PAR: AF) from 2017 until February 2021. Mr. Mattson holds a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from Duke University and an M.B.A. from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. 
 We believe that Mr. Mattson is qualified to serve on our Board due to his substantial strategic, financial and transactional experience and deep expertise in the industrial sector and his experience serving as a director for various public and private companies. 
 Katharina McFarland . Ms. McFarland is a member of our Board. With over 30 years of government service, Ms. McFarland is widely recognized as a leading subject-matter expert on government procurement. She currently serves as a Director on the Boards of SAIC and Transphorm, Inc. She served as Chairman of the Board of Army Research and Development at the National Academies of Science from 2017 to 2022. She was previously the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition from 2012 to 2017 and acting Assistant Secretary of the Army (Acquisition, Logistics Technology) from 2016 to 2017. She was President of the Defense Acquisition University from 2010 to 2012. From 2006 to 2010, Ms. McFarland was the Director of Acquisition, Missile Defense Agency. She is an accredited Materials, Mechanical, Civil and Electronics Engineer. She has received an Honorary Doctoral of Engineering degree from the University of Cranfield, United Kingdom; the Presidential Meritorious Executive Rank Award, the Secretary of Defense Medal for Meritorious Civilian Service Award, the Department of the Navy Civilian Tester of the Year Award, and the Navy and United States Marine Corps Commendation Medal for Meritorious Civilian Service. 
 We believe that Ms. McFarland is qualified to serve on our Board because of her experience serving as a director for various public companies, as well as her substantial experience with the U.S. Department of Defense, Department of Army, and Intelligence Community procurement with focus on Space applications, Artificial Intelligence, Cyber, and IT technologies.in defense acquisition, program management, logistics and technology. 
 Gregory L. Summe . Mr. Summe is a member of our Board. Mr. Summe is the Founder and Managing Partner of Glen Capital Partners LLC, an investment fund. He also served as the Co-Chairman of NextGen Acquisition Corp I II. From 2009 to 2014, Mr. Summe was the Managing Director and Vice Chairman of Global Buyout at the Carlyle Group. Prior to joining Carlyle, Mr. Summe was the Chairman, CEO and President of PerkinElmer, Inc. which he led from 1998 to 2009. He also served as a Senior Advisor to Goldman Sachs Capital Partners from 2008 to 2009. Prior to joining PerkinElmer, Mr. Summe was with AlliedSignal, now Honeywell International, serving successively as the President of General Aviation Avionics, President of the Aerospace Engines Group, and President of the Automotive Products Group. Before joining AlliedSignal, he was the General Manager of Commercial Motors at General Electric and was a Partner with the consulting firm McKinsey Company, Inc. Mr. Summe serves as a director of NXP Semiconductors N.V. (Nasdaq: NXPI), the State Street Corporation (NYSE: STT), Avantor Inc. (NYSE: AVTR), and the Pella Corporation. He was previously the chairman of the board of directors of Freescale Semiconductor and Euromax International, and a director of Biomet Inc., TRW Inc., LMI Aerospace, Veyance, and Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (Nasdaq: ADP). Mr. Summe holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in electrical engineering from the University of Kentucky and the University of Cincinnati, and an M.B.A. with distinction from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. He is in the Hall of Distinction at the University of Kentucky. 
 65 

Table of Content s 

 We believe that Mr. Summe is qualified to serve on our Board due to his extensive operational and business transformation experience in the aerospace sector and his experience serving as a director for various public and private companies. 
 Abdulla Shadid . Mr. Shadid has served as a member of the Virgin Orbit Board since its inception in December 2021. He is an investment professional with over 17 years of experience in the field of investment and portfolio management. Mr. Shadid currently serves as an Executive Director in the Growth and M A (GM A) unit in Mubadala s Direct Investments platform. In his role, he manages Mubadala s direct investments in select growth sectors such as the space industry, and covers General Partner fund strategies. Together with the GM A team, he supports the wider platform in managing their respective funds to realize shareholder value through underwriting and executing new investments, PMO and M A activities, and divestitures. Mr. Shadid first joined Mubadala from the Tawazun Economic Council in 2005 and served in various roles. He was a member of the team that developed Mubadala s first comprehensive investment strategy for the Aerospace sector in 2006 and was subsequently engaged in its implementation and execution. He worked on various M A and business development transactions, and the creation of foundational partnerships with leading global aerospace players, including GE Aviation, Rolls-Royce and UTC Aerospace. In 2013, he served as Head of Aerospace, managing Mubadala s portfolio of aerospace investments in the UAE and internationally and leading the eventual monetization of key holdings. Between 2018 and 2020, he served as Managing Director, Cargo Logistics Services at Etihad Aviation Group. There, he played an active role in evolving Etihad Cargo s business strategy and rolling out its ambitious transformation program, growing revenue from 830M to 1.3BN during the period and doubling the bottom line. Mr. Shadid has a breadth of directorship experience acquired through current and previous board positions. He currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Sociedad Minera de Santander S.A.S. (Minesa) in Colombia and Strata Manufacturing PJSC in the UAE. He previously served as Chairman of Sanad Aero Solutions LLC, Aerospace Turbine Services and Solutions LLC and Armaguard Valuables Management LLC; and was also a member of the Boards of Directors of Abu Dhabi Ship Building PJSC (ADX:ADSB), Safwa Marine LLC, SR Technics Holdings AG and Cosmo Energy Holdings Company Ltd (TYO:5021). Mr. Shadid holds a Bachelor of Engineering degree in Electronic and Electrical Engineering from University College London (UCL) in the United Kingdom. 
 We believe that Mr. Shadid is qualified to serve on our Board because of his extensive experience in the aerospace industry. 
 Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 
 Section 16(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our directors, executive officers, principal accounting officer and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock to file with the SEC reports of their ownership and reports of changes in their ownership of our common stock. To our knowledge, based solely upon our review of the copies of such reports and amendments to such reports with respect to the year ended December 31, 2022 and on written representations by our directors and executive officers, all required Section 16 reports under the Exchange Act for our directors, executive officers, principal accounting officer and beneficial owners of greater than 10 of our common stock were filed on a timely basis during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics (the Code of Conduct that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. A copy of our Code of Conduct is available under the Governance section of the Investor Information page of our website at www.virginorbit.com. We intend to make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our Code of Conduct on our website rather than by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Audit Committee 
 We have a separately-designated standing audit committee Audit Committee that consists of George N. Mattson, Katharina McFarland and Gregory L. Summe with Gregory L. Summe serving as Chair of the Audit Committee. Our board of directors determined that each of these individuals meets the independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act and applicable Nasdaq rules. Each member of the audit committee also meets the requirements for financial literacy under the applicable Nasdaq rules. 
 The Board has also identified Gregory L. Summe as an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations and who meets applicable financial sophistication requirements. In making this determination, the Board considered Mr. Summe s formal education and previous and current experience in financial and accounting roles. Both our independent registered public accounting firm and management periodically will meet privately with the audit committee. 
 66 

Table of Content s 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 This section discusses the material components of the executive compensation program for our executive officers who are named in the Summary Compensation Table below. In 2022, the named executive officers and their positions were as follows: 
 Dan Hart, Chief Executive Officer; 
 Jim Simpson, Chief Strategy Officer; and 
 Tony Gingiss, Chief Operating Officer. 
 
 As part of the workforce reduction, on March 30, 2023, Mr. Gingiss was informed that his position with the Company was being eliminated effective April 3, 2023. 
 2022 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of the named executive officers and their positions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 Stock Awards ) (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) (2) 
 All Other Compensation ) (3) 
 Total ) Dan Hart 
 2022 500,000 4,000,001 42,943 4,542,944 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 511,008 2,093,921 671,250 44,552 3,320,731 Jim Simpson 
 2022 390,000 800,000 400,000 21,614 1,611,614 Chief Strategy Officer 
 2021 417,780 223,575 189,150 10,186 840,691 Tony Gingiss 
 2022 390,000 800,000 400,000 18,017 1,608,017 Chief Operating Officer 2021 353,049 75,000 182,208 173,190 15,042 798,489 
 ____________ 
 (1) With respect to 2022, amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options to purchase shares and restricted stock units RSUs ), in each case, granted under the 2021 Plan (as defined below) to the named executive officer computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation rather than the amounts paid to or realized by the named individual. We provide information regarding the assumptions used to calculate the value of all stock awards made to our named executive officers in Note 14 in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 
 (2) Bonus amounts represent annual bonuses earned by each named executive officer in 2021 and paid in cash in 2022, based on the attainment of predetermined individual and company performance metrics as determined by the board of directors of VO Holdings in its discretion. 
 (3) Amounts for 2022 in this column include the amounts set forth in the table below: 
 Named Executive Officer 
 401(k) Plan Matching Contributions ) Life Insurance Premiums ) Charitable Contribution to the California Science Center ) Dan Hart 
 16,515 1,428 25,000 Jim Simpson 
 20,352 1,262 Tony Gingiss 
 16,589 1,428 
 2022 Salaries 
 In 2022, the named executive officers received annual base salaries to compensate them for services rendered to the Company. The base salary payable to each named executive officer is intended to provide a fixed component of compensation reflecting the executive s skill set, experience, role and responsibilities. The annual base salaries for the named executive officers were 500,000, 390,000 and 390,000 for Messrs. Hart, Simpson and Gingiss, respectively. The base salaries payable to our named executive officers were not increased in 2022. 
 2022 Bonuses 
 In fiscal year 2022, Messrs. Hart, Simpson and Gingiss were eligible to earn annual cash bonuses targeted at 100 , 50 and 50 , respectively, of their respective base salaries. Each named executive officer was eligible to earn his bonus based on the attainment of pre-determined company and individual performance metrics, which were comprised of company key 
 67 

Table of Content s 

 performance indicators weighted 65 of the executive s bonus opportunity including safety, financial, flight, production and growth goals, and individual goals weighted 35 of the executive s bonus opportunity. Bonus payouts in respect of individual performance were based on achievement of individual goals and were subject to a performance multiplier ranging from 0 -120 of target. No annual cash bonuses were paid to our named executive officers in respect of 2022 performance. 
 The actual annual cash bonuses awarded to each named executive officer for 2022 performance are set forth above in the Summary Compensation Table in the column entitled Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation . 
 Equity Compensation 
 Each of our named executive officers currently hold stock options granted under the 2017 Plan and the 2021 Plan. 
 Stock options granted to Messrs. Simpson and Gingiss under the 2017 Plan and 2021 Plan generally vest and become exercisable as to 25 of the underlying shares on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and thereafter as to 1/12 th of the underlying shares on each quarterly anniversary of the vesting commencement date, subject to continued service through the applicable vesting date. 
 The vesting of stock options under the 2017 Plan will accelerate in full in the event of a termination of employment by the Company without cause within 24 months following a change in control (each such term as defined in the 2017 Plan). The Closing did not constitute a change in control for purposes of any outstanding equity awards under the 2017 Plan. 
 In connection with the Closing, we adopted the 2021 Plan in order to facilitate the grant of cash and equity incentives to our directors, employees and consultants of the Company, employees of its subsidiaries and other eligible consultants and to enable us and certain of our subsidiaries and affiliates to obtain and retain services of these individuals, which is essential to our long-term success. The 2021 Plan became effective on the date immediately preceding the Closing. 
 In connection with the Business Combination our board of directors approved the grant of stock options to each of our named executive officers covering 820,349 shares (Mr. Hart) and 164,070 shares (Messrs. Simpson and Gingiss), effective as of January 4, 2022. Mr. Hart s stock option vests and becomes exercisable as to 25 of the underlying shares on the first anniversary of the Closing, and thereafter as to the remaining 75 of the underlying shares in six substantially equal installments on each successive six-month anniversary of the Closing, subject to continued employment. In addition, Mr. Hart s stock option will vest and become exercisable in full upon a termination of employment without cause or for good reason , each as defined in his existing employment agreement, subject to his timely execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims. The stock options granted to Messrs. Simpson and Gingiss vest and become exercisable as to 25 of the underlying shares on the first anniversary of the grant date (January 4, 2022) and thereafter as to 1/12th of the underlying shares on each quarterly anniversary of the grant date, subject to continued employment. 
 On July 28, 2022, the compensation committee of our board of directors approved the grant of time-vesting RSU awards to each of our named executive officers covering 100,000 shares to each of Messrs. Simpson and Gingiss). The RSU awards vest as to 25 of the RSUs on each six-month anniversary of the grant date, subject to continued employment on the applicable vesting date. 
 Other Elements of Compensation 
 Retirement Plans 
 We maintain a 401(k) for our employees, including the named executive officers, who satisfy certain eligibility requirements. Our named executive officers will be eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan on the same terms as other full-time employees. The Internal Revenue Code allows eligible employees to defer a portion of their compensation, within prescribed limits, on a pre-tax basis through contributions to the 401(k) plan. In 2022, we made safe harbor and discretionary matching contributions, in respect of contributions made by participants in the 401(k) plan, up to a specified percentage of employee contributions, including on behalf of the named executive officers. These safe harbor and discretionary matching contributions are fully vested as of the date on which the contribution is made. 
 Employee Benefits and Perquisites 
 Health/Welfare Plans. In 2022, the named executive officers participated in our health and welfare plans, including: 
 medical, dental and vision benefits; 
 medical and dependent care flexible spending accounts; 
 health savings accounts; 
 68 

Table of Content s 

 short-term and long-term disability insurance; 
 life insurance; and 
 vacation and paid holidays. 
 We believe the perquisites described above are necessary and appropriate to provide a competitive compensation package to the named executive officers. 
 No Tax Gross-Ups 
 We do not make gross-up payments to cover the named executive officers personal income taxes that may pertain to any of the compensation or perquisites paid or provided by us. 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 The following table summarizes the number of shares of common stock underlying outstanding equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officer as of December 31, 2022. 
 Option Awards (1) 
 Stock Awards Name 
 Vesting Commencement Date Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Option Exercise Price ) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) (2) 
 Dan Hart 
 N/A 281,491 563,826 (3) 
 4.41 November 20, 2027 May 23, 2019 331,615 47,374 4.01 May 23, 2029 N/A 378,989 378,989 (4) 
 3.85 November 20, 2027 March 13, 2017 (5) 
 1,768,617 3.85 November 20, 2027 December 29, 2021 (6) 
 410,174 410,175 6.83 December 29, 2031 Jim Simpson 
 November 2, 2020 46,886 46,886 4.41 November 2, 2030 January 4, 2022 (7) 
 164,070 6.83 January 4, 2032 July 28, 2022 (8) 
 100,000 185,000 Tony Gingiss (9) 
 January 28, 2021 32,820 42,198 4.41 January 1, 2028 January 4, 2022 (7) 
 164,070 6.83 January 4, 2032 July 28, 2022 (8) 
 100,000 185,000 
 ____________ 
 (1) Except as otherwise noted, each stock option vests and becomes exercisable as to 25 of the shares underlying the stock option on the one year anniversary of the vesting commencement date and thereafter as to 1/12th of the shares underlying the stock option on each quarterly anniversary of the vesting commencement date, subject to continued service through the applicable vesting date; provided that the stock option will vest in full upon a termination by the Company without cause within 24 months following a change in control (each as defined in the 2017 Plan). 
 (2) For restricted stock units, this value is based upon the closing sale price of the Company s common stock on December 30, 2022, of 1.85. 
 (3) This stock option vested as to 33.3 of the shares underlying the stock option on December 31, 2021 and the remaining 66.7 of the shares underlying stock option vest on the multiple launch success date (as defined above), subject to continued service through the applicable vesting date; provided that the stock option award will vest in full upon termination of service by the Company without cause within 24 months following a change in control (each as defined in the 2017 Plan). 
 (4) This stock option award vested as to 50 of the shares underlying the stock option upon the first commercial launch (as defined above) and the remaining 50 of the shares underlying the stock option will vest on the multiple launch success date (as defined above), subject to continued service through the applicable vesting date; provided that the stock option award will vest in full upon a termination of service by the Company without cause within 24 months following a change in control (each as defined in the 2017 Plan). 
 69 

Table of Content s 

 (5) This stock option vests and becomes exercisable as to 25 of the shares underlying the stock option on the one year anniversary of the vesting commencement date and thereafter as to 1/8th of the shares underlying the stock option on each six-month anniversary of the vesting commencement date, subject to continued service through the applicable vesting date; provided that the stock option will vest in full upon a termination by the Company without cause within 24 months following a change in control (each as defined in the 2017 Plan). 
 (6) This stock option vests and becomes exercisable as to 25 of the shares underlying the stock option on the one year anniversary of the Closing and thereafter as to 12.5 of the shares underlying the stock option on each successive six-month anniversary of the Closing, subject to continued service through the applicable vesting date; provided that the stock option will vest in full upon a termination by the Company without cause or resignation by Mr. Hart for good reason , each as defined in his existing employment agreement, subject to Mr. Hart s timely execution and on-revocation of a general release of claims. 
 (7) This stock option vests and becomes exercisable as to 25 of the shares underlying the stock option on the one year anniversary of the vesting commencement date and thereafter as to 1/12th of the shares underlying the stock option on each quarterly anniversary of the vesting commencement date, subject to continued employment or service through the applicable vesting date. 
 (8) This RSU award vests as to 25 of the RSUs subject thereto on each six month anniversary of the vesting commencement date, subject to continued employment through the applicable vesting date. 
 (9) Mr. Gingiss unvested equity awards were forfeited in connection with his departure effective April 3, 2023. 
 Executive Compensation Arrangements 
 Dan Hart Employment Agreement 
 On February 13, 2017, Dan Hart entered into an employment agreement, which was amended effective June 1, 2021, to serve as President. Mr. Hart was appointed as Chief Executive Officer on July 3, 2017. Mr. Hart s employment pursuant to the agreement will continue until terminated in accordance with the terms of the agreement. 
 Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Hart s initial base salary was 380,000 per year (in 2022, it was 500,000); in addition, he is eligible to receive an annual performance bonus targeted at a percentage of his base salary (initially Mr. Hart s annual performance bonus was targeted at up to 50 of his base salary; in 2020 Mr. Hart s annual performance bonus was targeted at 75 of his base salary and, in connection with the Closing, it was increased to 100 for 2022), to be paid based on the achievement of company and individual performance goals, subject to Mr. Hart s employment through the payment date. 
 The employment agreement, as amended, provides that Mr. Hart will be eligible to receive a one-time cash bonus equal to 500,000 following the fifth successful revenue generating deployment of a satellite by the company s small-satellite launch system into its intended orbit, subject to his continued employment. 
 The employment agreement also provides that Mr. Hart is eligible to participate in the health and welfare benefit plans and programs maintained for the benefit of our senior level executives or employees and that Mr. Hart will be entitled to 25 days of paid vacation annually, subject to applicable company policy. Pursuant to the employment agreement, during each year in which Mr. Hart is actively serving on the board of the California Science Center, the Company will make an annual contribution of 25,000 to the California Science Center; Mr. Hart continues to serve on the board of California Science Center as of the date hereof. 
 Under his employment agreement, if Mr. Hart s employment is terminated by us without cause or due to his resignation for good reason , then, subject to his timely execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims, return of Company materials and continued compliance with restrictive covenants, he will be entitled to receive (i) continued payment of his base salary for a period of 12 months, and (ii) any reimbursements for expenses previously incurred, and (iii) provided that he timely elects COBRA, an amount equal to his COBRA premiums until the earlier to occur of (a) the 6-month anniversary of his termination date or (b) the date on which he receives health benefits from another employer. 
 Mr. Hart s employment agreement contains customary confidentiality, non-solicitation and intellectual property assignment provisions. 
 None of our other named executive officers are employed or compensated pursuant to any employment arrangements. 
 70 

Table of Content s 

 Non-Employee Director Compensation 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the compensation paid to our non-employee directors for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Name 
 Fees Paid in 
 Cash 
 ) (1) 
 Stock Awards ) (2) 
 Total ) Susan Helms 
 57,000 175,010 232,010 Evan Lovell 
 George N. Mattson 
 Katharina McFarland 
 57,115 175,010 232,125 Abdulla Shadid Gregory L. Summe 
 ____________ 
 (1) Amounts represent the annual retainer paid to each of Susan Helms and Katharina McFarland pursuant to the Director Compensation Program (defined below) for service on our board in 2022. 
 (2) Amounts reflect the full grant-date fair value of stock awards granted during 2022 computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718, rather than the amounts paid to or realized by the named individual. We provide information regarding the assumptions used to calculate the value of all stock awards made to our directors in Note 14 in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. The table below shows the aggregate numbers of RSU awards held as of December 31, 2022 by each director. 
 Name 
 Restricted Stock Units Outstanding at Fiscal year End Susan Helms 
 37,095 Evan Lovell 
 George N. Mattson 
 Katharina McFarland 
 37,095 Abdulla Shadid Gregory L. Summe 
 We maintain a compensation program for certain of our non-employee directors that consists of annual retainer fees and long-term equity awards (the Director Compensation Program ). 
 The Director Compensation Program consists of the following components: 
 Cash Compensation 
 Annual Retainer: 60,000 
 Annual Committee Chair Retainer: 
 Audit: 20,000 
 Compensation: 10,000 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance: 10,000 
 Safety: 10,000 
 Annual Committee Member (Non-Chair) Retainer: 
 Audit: 10,000 
 Compensation: 5,000 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance: 5,000 
 Safety: 5,000 
 71 

Table of Content s 

 The annual cash retainer is paid in quarterly installments in arrears, and is pro-rated for any partial calendar quarter of service. 
 Equity Compensation 
 Initial grant to each eligible director who is initially elected or appointed to serve on our board of directors after the Closing: restricted stock unit award with an aggregate value of 75,000, which will vest as to one-third of the shares subject to the award on each anniversary of the grant date, subject to continued service (each, an Initial Director RSU Grant ). 
 Annual grant to each eligible director who is serving on our board of directors as of the date of the annual stockholders meeting beginning with calendar year 2022: restricted stock unit award with an aggregate value of 100,000, which will vest in full on the earlier of the one-year anniversary of the grant date and the date of the next annual meeting following the grant date, subject to continued service (each, an Annual Director RSU Grant ). 
 In addition, each equity award granted to the eligible directors under the Director Compensation Program will vest in full immediately prior to the occurrence of a change in control (as defined in the 2021 Plan). 
 On April 11, 2022, each of our non-employee directors received an Initial Director RSU Grant in the amount of 75,008 and on August 30, 2022, each of our non-employee board of directors also received an Annual Director RSU Grant in the amount of 100,002. 
 Compensation under the Director Compensation Program is subject to the annual limits on non-employee director compensation set forth in the 2021 Plan. 
 
 Independent Director Agreements 
 
 In connection with the appointment of Mr. Carr to the Board, effective March 31, 2023, Mr. Carr entered into an agreement (the Carr Agreement ), pursuant to which Mr. Carr has agreed to serve as an independent director on the Board. The Carr Agreement provides for a fixed monthly cash fee of 45,000. The monthly cash fee is thereafter payable on the first of each month thereafter. This compensation is in lieu of the compensation Mr. Carr would otherwise be eligible to receive under the Director Compensation Program. 
 
 In connection with the appointment of Ms. Frizzley to the Board, effective March 31, 2023, Ms. Frizzley and the Company entered into an agreement (the Frizzley Agreement ), pursuant to which Ms. Frizzley has agreed to serve as an independent director on the Board. The Frizzley Agreement provides for provides for a fixed monthly cash fee of 45,000. This compensation is in lieu of the compensation Ms. Frizzley would otherwise be eligible to receive under the Director Compensation Program. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 15,876,220 (2) 
 4.90 (3) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 Total 
 15,876,220 4.90 (4) 
 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Consists of the Amended and Restated 2017 Incentive Stock Plan (the 2017 Plan ), the 2021 Incentive Award Plan (the 2021 Plan and the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2021 ESPP ). 
 (2) Includes 2,131,099 outstanding options to purchase stock under the Plan, 4,921,645 outstanding options to purchase stock under the 2021 Plan and 3,837,290 outstanding RSUs under the 2021 Plan. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options under the 2017 Plan and 2021 Plan was 4.90. The weighted-average exercise price does not take RSU awards into account. 
 72 

Table of Content s 

 (4) Includes 39,761,861 shares available for future issuance under the 2021 Plan and 6,599,050 shares available for issuance under the 2021 ESPP, of which 6,599,050 shares were eligible to be purchased during the offering period in effect on December 31, 2022. As of December 29, 2021, in connection with the Closing, and adoption of the 2021 Plan, the 2017 Plan was terminated and no further awards may be granted thereunder. The 2021 Plan provides for an annual increase to the number of shares available for issuance thereunder on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031, by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 5 of the aggregate number of shares of common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (ii) such smaller number of shares of common stock as determined by our board of directors. The 2021 ESPP provides for an annual increase to the number of shares available for issuance thereunder on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031, by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 1 of the aggregate number of shares of common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (ii) such smaller number of shares of common stock as is determined by our board of directors, provided that no more than 50,000,000 shares of our common stock may be issued under the 2021 ESPP. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of common stock by: 
 each person who is known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of shares of common stock; 
 each of Virgin Orbit s current named executive officers and directors; and 
 all current executive officers and directors of Virgin Orbit as a group. 
 Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of April 4, 2023. The beneficial ownership of our voting securities is based on 392,524,323 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of April 4, 2023. Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on any matter presented to stockholders. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, Virgin Orbit believes that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the voting securities beneficially owned by them. 
 The table below does not take into account changes and restrictions that may apply following the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases. 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Shares 5 Holders 
 Virgin Investments Limited (2) 
 252,126,308 64.2 Fifteenth Investment Company LLC (3) 
 60,175,111 15.3 YA II PN, Ltd. (4) 
 37,404,429 9.5 Directors and Named Executive Officers 
 Dan Hart (5) 
 3,192,035 Jim Simpson (6) 
 147,392 Tony Gingiss (7) 
 130,981 Susan Helms (10) 
 37,095 Evan Lovell 
 George N. Mattson (8) 
 6,843,128 1.7 Katharina McFarland (11) 
 48,088 Abdulla Shadid 
 Gregory L. Summe (9) 
 6,845,111 1.7 Alan J. Carr (13) 
 Jill Frizzley (13) 
 All Virgin Orbit directors and executive officers as a group (twelve individuals) (12) 
 17,605,317 4.5 
 _______________________ 
 Less than one percent 
 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of those listed in the table above is 4022 East Conant Street, Long Beach, CA 90808, United States. 
 73 

Table of Content s 

 (2) Based on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on April 3, 2023, each of VIL, Virgin Group Investments, LLC Virgin Group ), Corvina Holdings Limited Corvina and Sir Richard Branson has shared voting and shared dispositive power over 252,126,308 shares of our common stock. VIL is wholly owned by Virgin Group Investments LLC, whose sole managing member is Corvina, which is wholly owned by Virgin Group. Virgin Group is owned by Sir Richard Branson, and he has the ability to appoint and remove the management of Virgin Group and, as such, may indirectly control the decisions of Virgin Group, regarding the voting and disposition of securities held by Virgin Group. Therefore, Sir Richard Branson may be deemed to have indirect beneficial ownership of the shares held by Virgin Group. The address of VIL, Virgin Group Investments LLC, Corvina Holdings Limited and Virgin Group is Craigmuir Chambers, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110, British Virgin Islands. The address of Sir Richard Branson is Branson Villa, Necker Beach Estate, Necker Island, VG1150, British Virgin Islands. 
 (3) Based on a Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on January 10, 2022, each of Mubadala, Fifteenth and Mamoura Diversified Global Holding PJSC Mamoura ), has shared voting and shares dispositive power over 60,175,111 shares of our common stock. Fifteenth is directly or indirectly wholly-owned by Mamoura, a public joint stock company established under the laws of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi. Mamoura is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mubadala, which is a public joint stock company established under the laws of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi and which is wholly-owned by the Government of Abu Dhabi. The address of the principal office of Fifteenth is Mamoura A, Muroor Street, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. The address of the principal office of Mamoura and Mubadala is P.O. Box 45005, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. 
 (4) Based on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on January 3, 2023, each of YA II PN, Ltd. YA II ), YA Global Investments II (U.S.), LP (the YA Feeder ), Yorkville Advisors Global, LP (the YA Advisor ), Yorkville Advisors Global II, LLC (the YA Advisor GP ), YAII GP, LP (the YA GP ), YAII GP II, LLC (the Yorkville GP and Mark Angelo each have shared voting and shared dispositive power over 37,404,429 shares of our common stock that YA II has the right to acquire within 60 days as of the date of such filing pursuant to the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement with us dated March 28, 2022. Under the terms of the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, we are prohibited from selling shares to YA II to the extent that it would cause the aggregate number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by YA II and its affiliates to exceed 9.99 of our outstanding common stock. YA II is beneficially owned by the YA Feeder. The YA Advisor is the investment manager to YA II. The YA Advisor GP is the general partner to the YA Advisor. The YA GP is the general partner to the YA Feeder. The Yorkville GP is the general partner to the YA GP. Mark Angelo makes the investment decisions on behalf of YA II. Accordingly, each of YA II, YA Feeder, the YA Advisor, the YA Advisor GP, the YA GP, the Yorkville GP and Mark Angelo may be deemed affiliates and therefore may be deemed to beneficially own the same number of shares of common stock. The business address of the YA II PN Reporting Persons is 1012 Springfield Ave., Mountainside, NJ 07092. 
 (5) Consists of (i) 3,192,035 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to outstanding stock options held by Mr. Hart that are exercisable or vested within 60 days of April 4, 2023 
 (6) Consists of (i) 134,878 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to outstanding stock options held by Mr. Simpson that are exercisable or vested within 60 days of April 4, 2023, and (ii) of 12,514 shares of common stock that were issued to Mr. Simpson upon vesting of RSUs on January 28, 2023. 
 (7) Consists of (i) 118,468 of shares of common stock issuable pursuant to outstanding stock options held by Mr. Gingiss that are exercisable or vested within 60 days of April 4, 2023., and (ii) of 12,513 shares of common stock that were issued to Mr. Gingiss upon vesting of RSUs on January 28, 2023. Mr. Gingiss unvested equity awards were forfeited in connection with his departure effective April 3, 2023. 
 (8) Consists of (i) 3,646,840 shares of common stock and (ii) 2,804,763 Warrants held by NGAC GNM Feeder II LLC. Mr. Mattson may be deemed to beneficially own securities held by NGAC GNM Feeder II LLC. Mr. Mattson may be deemed to beneficially own securities held by NGAC GNM Feeder II LLC by virtue of his control over NGAC GNM Feeder II LLC. Other than Mr. Mattson, no member of NGAC GNM Feeder II LLC exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the common stock or Warrants held by NGAC GNM Feeder II LLC. The address of the entities and individuals mentioned in this footnote is 2255 Glades Road, Suite 324A, Boca Raton, FL 33431, United States. 
 (9) Includes (i) 3,648,823 shares of common stock and (ii) 2,806,288 Warrants held by the Gregory L. Summe Irrevocable Trust 2008. Mr. Summe may be deemed to beneficially own securities held by the Gregory L. Summe Irrevocable Trust 2008 by virtue of Susan Summe s control over the Gregory L. Summe Irrevocable Trust 2008. Mrs. Summe is Mr. Summe s spouse. Other than Mrs. Summe, no member of the Gregory L. Summe Irrevocable Trust 2008 exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the common stock or Warrants held by the Gregory L. Summe Irrevocable Trust 2008. The address of the entities and individuals mentioned in this footnote is 2255 Glades Road, Suite 324A, Boca Raton, FL 33431, United States. 
 (10) Consists of 2,703 shares of common stock that were issued to Ms. Helms on December 29, 2022. 
 (11) Consists of 2,703 shares of common stock that were issued to Ms. McFarland on December 29, 2022 
 (12) Consists of (i) 8,221,161 shares of common stock, (ii) 5,612,576 Warrants, and (iii) 3,771,580 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to outstanding stock options that are exercisable or vested within 60 days of April 4, 2023. Does not include any beneficial ownership data for Mr. Gingiss, whose employment terminated on April 3, 2023. 
 (13) Mr. Carr and Ms. Frizzley were appointed to the Board of Directors effective March 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 NextGen Acquisition Corp. II, prior to the Business Combination 
 Founder Shares 
 In January 2021, the NextGen Sponsor purchased 11,500,000 Class B ordinary shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.0022 per share (the founder shares ). The NextGen Sponsor effected a surrender of 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares to the Company for no consideration, resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding from 11,500,000 to 10,062,500. The NextGen Sponsor also agreed to forfeit up to an 
 74 

Table of Content s 

 aggregate of 1,312,500 founder shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent that the option to purchase additional units is not exercised in full by the underwriters of NextGen s initial public offering, so that the founder shares will represent 20 of NextGen s issued and outstanding shares after NextGen s initial public offering. On April 13, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 3,259,457 NextGen units and forfeited the remaining option; thus, an aggregate of 497,636 shares of founder shares were forfeited accordingly. 
 These founder shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in NextGen s initial public offering, except that (i) only the holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the initial business combination, (ii) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, (iii) the holders of the founder shares have agreed pursuant to a letter agreement to waive (x) their redemption rights with respect to the founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of a business combination, (y) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Cayman Constitutional Documents (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 25, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (z) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the founder shares if NextGen fails to complete a business combination by March 25, 2023, (iv) the founder shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial business combination and (v) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. 
 In connection with the business combination, upon the Domestication, 8,799,864 founder shares converted automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into shares of our common stock, after giving effect to the forfeiture of 765,000 Class B ordinary shares of NextGen by the NextGen Sponsor in connection with the Closing. 
 Private Placement Warrants 
 Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering of NextGen, the NextGen Sponsor purchased 6,333,333 warrants to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 (the private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant, or 9.5 million in the aggregate, in a private placement. On April 9, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and on April 13, 2021, simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment, NextGen consummated the second closing of the private placement, resulting in the purchase of an aggregate of an additional 434,594 private placement warrants by the NextGen Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 651,891. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants was placed in the trust account of NextGen. The private placement warrants may not be redeemed by us so long as they are held by the NextGen Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the NextGen Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units that were sold as part of the initial public offering of NextGen. The NextGen Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. 
 The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants included in the units sold in the initial public offering of NextGen except that the private placement warrants: (i) are not redeemable by NextGen, (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the NextGen Sponsor or any of its permitted transferees and (iii) are entitled to registration rights (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants). Additionally, the purchasers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private placement warrants, including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants (except to certain permitted transferees), until 30 days after the completion of NextGen s initial business combination. 
 In connection with the business combination, upon the Domestication, each of the 6,767,927 private placement warrants converted automatically into a warrant to acquire one share of our common stock pursuant to the Warrant Agreement. 
 Sponsor Support Agreement 
 In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, NextGen entered into a sponsor support agreement, with the NextGen Sponsor and certain NextGen sponsors (the Sponsor Parties and Virgin Orbit. Pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement, the NextGen Sponsor and the Sponsor Parties agreed to, among other things, vote in favor of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions contemplated by the Sponsor Support Agreement. 
 The NextGen Sponsor and the Sponsor Parties also agreed not to (a) sell or otherwise dispose of, or agree to sell or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Virgin Orbit common stock or other capital stock of Virgin Orbit or any shares of Virgin Orbit common stock issuable upon the exercise of options, warrants or other convertible securities to purchase shares of Virgin Orbit common stock Lock-up Shares held by the NextGen Sponsor and the Sponsor Parties 
 75 

Table of Content s 

 immediately after the Closing, (b) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of such Lock-up Shares, or (c) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b), for the Lock-up Period, subject to certain exceptions. The Lock-up Period means (x) for 25 of the Lock-up Shares, 180 days after the Closing (the 180 Day Lock-up Period ), (y) for 25 of the Lock-up Shares, 18 months after the Closing and (z) for 50 of the Lock-up Shares, 24 months after the Closing. If (i) at least 120 days have elapsed since the Closing and (ii) the 180 Day Lock-up Period is scheduled to end during a blackout period or within five trading days prior to a blackout period, the 180 Day Lock-up Period will end ten trading days before the start of the blackout period, subject to certain conditions. The Sponsor Support Agreement will terminate upon the earliest of (i) the termination of the Merger Agreement, (ii) a change of control of Virgin Orbit following the Closing and (iii) the latest to occur of (A) the expiration of the Lock-up Period and (B) the earlier to occur of (I) the occurrence of an Earnback Triggering Event during the Earnback Period and (II) the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date. 
 In addition, the NextGen Sponsor has agreed that the Sponsor Earnback Shares and the Sponsor Earnback Warrants (together, the Sponsor Earnback Securities will be unvested and subject to forfeiture as of the Closing and will only vest if, during the Earnback Period, (i) Earnback Triggering Event I occurs, (ii) Earnback Triggering Event II occurs or (iii) there is a change of control of Virgin Orbit that results in the holders of Virgin Orbit common stock receiving a price per share equal to, or in excess of, the applicable vesting price per share for the Earnback Triggering Events. Any NextGen Sponsor Earnback Securities that remain unvested after the fifth anniversary of the Closing will be forfeited. 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 On December 29, 2021, in connection with the Closing and as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Virgin Orbit, the NextGen Sponsor and certain former stockholders of Virgin Orbit entered into the Registration Rights Agreement. Following the post-Closing Distribution of Virgin Orbit common stock by Vieco 10 to VIL and Fifteenth, VIL and Fifteenth entered into joinders to the Registration Rights Agreement, each as a VO Holder and a Holder (each as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) thereunder. 
 PIPE Subscription Agreements 
 Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, NextGen entered into subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements with certain institutional and accredited investors (collectively, the PIPE Investors ), pursuant to which the PIPE Investors agreed to purchase, in the aggregate, 10,000,000 shares of common stock at 10.00 per share for an aggregate commitment amount of 100,000,000 (the Initial PIPE Investment ). 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, if, after the deadline for Acquiror Share Redemptions (as defined in the Merger Agreement) had passed in connection with the Acquiror Shareholders Meeting (as defined in the Merger Agreement), the sum of (x) the amount of cash available in (i) the trust account into which substantially all of the proceeds of the registrant s initial public offering and private placements of its warrants were deposited for the benefit of the registrant, certain of its public shareholders and the underwriters of the registrant s initial public offering (the Trust Account ), after deducting the amount required to satisfy the registrant s obligations to its shareholders that exercised their rights to redeem their Class A Ordinary Shares of the registrant pursuant to NextGen s constitutional documents, transaction expenses of the registrant or its affiliates, and any deferred underwriting commissions being held in the Trust Account (the Trust Amount plus (y) the PIPE Investment Amount (as defined in the Merger Agreement), was expected to be less than 200,000,000, then, at or prior to the closing of the Transactions, VIL and its affiliates had the right (but not the obligation) to purchase up to 100,000,000 of additional shares of Acquiror Common Stock at a price per share of 10.00. 
 Pursuant to this right, on December 28, 2021, VIL entered into a subscription agreement pursuant to which VIL agreed to subscribe for 5,820,000 shares of the Acquiror Common Stock in connection with the closing of the Transactions for an aggregate cash purchase price of 58,200,000. On December 28, 2021, George N. Mattson and Gregory L. Summe, the co-chairmen of NextGen s board of directors prior to the consummation of the Transactions, also each entered into a subscription agreement pursuant to which each of Mr. Mattson and Mr. Summe agreed to subscribe for 100,000 shares of the Acquiror Common Stock in connection with the closing of the Transactions for an aggregate cash purchase price of 1,000,000 (collectively, with VIL s additional PIPE Investment, the Additional PIPE Investments, and together with the Initial PIPE Investments, the PIPE Investments ). 
 Virgin Orbit 
 Stockholders Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, among other things, VIL also has certain approval rights with respect to significant corporate transactions as contemplated thereby (subject to certain ownership thresholds with respect to our voting securities), which will require the prior written consent of VIL before any such action is taken by us or any of our 
 76 

Table of Content s 

 subsidiaries, in each case, in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions contemplated by the Stockholders Agreement. 
 Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, the approval rights include: 
 For so long as VIL is entitled to designate two directors to our Board under the Stockholders Agreement, in addition to any vote or consent of our stockholders or our Board as required by law, we must obtain the prior written consent of VIL to engage in: 
 any business combination or similar transaction; 
 amendment of the terms of the Stockholders Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement; 
 a liquidation or related transaction; or 
 an issuance of capital stock in excess of 5 of our then issued and outstanding shares, other than issuances upon the exercise of options in accordance with their respective terms. 
 For so long as VIL is entitled to designate three directors to our Board under the Stockholders Agreement, in addition to any vote or consent of our stockholders or our Board as required by law, we must obtain the prior written consent of VIL to engage in: 
 a business combination or similar transaction having a fair market value of 10.0 million or more; 
 a non ordinary course sale of assets or equity interest having a fair market value of 10.0 million or more; 
 a non ordinary course acquisition of any business or assets having a fair market value of 10.0 million or more; 
 an acquisition of equity interests having a fair market value of 10.0 million or more; 
 approval of any non ordinary course investment having a fair market value of 10.0 million or more, other than any investment expressly contemplated by our annual operating budget then in effect; 
 an issuance or sale of any of our capital stock, other than an issuance of shares of capital stock upon the exercise of options to purchase shares of capital stock; 
 making any dividends or distribution to our stockholders other than redemptions and those made in connection with the cessation of services of employees; 
 incurring indebtedness outside of the ordinary course in an amount greater than 25.0 million in a single transaction or 100.0 million in aggregate consolidated indebtedness; 
 amendment of the terms of the Stockholders Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement; 
 a liquidation or similar transaction; 
 transactions with any interested stockholder pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S 
 increasing or decreasing the size of our Board; or 
 engaging of any professional advisors for any of the foregoing matters listed in this section. 
 Convertible Notes with VIL 
 We issued and sold to VIL a 25.0 million convertible note on November 4, 2022 (the November 2022 VIL Convertible Note ), a 20.0 million convertible note on December 19, 2022 (the December 2022 VIL Convertible Note ), a 10.0 million convertible note on January 30, 2023 (the January 2023 VIL Convertible Note ), a 5.0 million note on February 28, 2023 (the February 2023 VIL Convertible Note and a 10.9 million convertible note on March 30, 2023 (the March 2023 VIL Convertible Note and together with the November 2022 VIL Convertible Note, the December 2022 VIL Convertible Note, the January 2023 VIL Convertible Note and February 2023 VIL Convertible Note, the VIL Convertible Notes ). The VIL Convertible Notes are convertible into shares of our common stock or other Qualified Securities (as defined below), subject to certain conditions and limitations set forth in the VIL Convertible Notes. Each VIL Convertible Note was sold pursuant to a subscription agreement between us, VIL and our domestic subsidiaries (the Guarantors named therein that are jointly and severally guaranteeing our obligations under the VIL Convertible Notes. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, no principal or interest has been repaid on any of the VIL Convertible Notes. Please refer to Part II. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources for further detail. 
 Trademark License Agreement and Debrand Agreement 
 On August 22, 2021, and in connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Virgin Orbit, LLC, VEL and NextGen agreed that the trademark license agreement with VEL would, effective on the Closing, be amended and restated and novated to Virgin Orbit, in order for Virgin Orbit to continue to have these rights following the Closing. Pursuant to the Amended TMLA, Virgin Orbit had certain exclusive and non-exclusive rights to use the Virgin Orbit name and brand and the Virgin signature logo, subject to certain reserved rights and pre-existing licenses granted by VEL to third parties. In addition, for the term of the Amended TMLA, to the extent the Virgin Group does not otherwise have a right to place a director on the Virgin Orbit Board, such as VIL s right to designate directors to the Virgin Orbit Board under the Stockholders Agreement, under the Amended TMLA, Virgin Orbit agreed to provide VEL with the right to appoint one 
 77 

Table of Content s 

 director to the Virgin Orbit Board (provided the designee is qualified to serve on the Virgin Orbit Board under all applicable corporate governance policies and regulatory and Nasdaq requirements). 
 The TMLA was terminated on April 2, 2023 pursuant to the Debrand Agreement under which we agreed with VEL to carry out a debranding plan with respect to the marks, rights and other matters subject to the TMLA. Please refer to Part I, Item 1 . Business Trademark License Agreement and Debrand Agreement for further detail. 
 DIP Credit Agreement 
 Subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court, the Debtors expect to enter into the DIP Credit Agreement with VIL. Please refer to Part II. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations- Liquidity and Capital Resources for further detail. 
 Director and Officer Indemnification 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides for indemnification and advancement of expenses for our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, subject to certain limited exceptions. In connection with the Closing, we entered into indemnification agreements with each director and executive officer of Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. 
 Policies and Procedures for Related Person Transactions 
 Our Board has adopted a written related person transaction policy that will set forth the following policies and procedures for the review and approval or ratification of related person transactions. 
 A related person transaction is, subject to certain exceptions, a transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which Virgin Orbit or any of its subsidiaries was, is or will be a participant, the amount of which involved exceeds 120,000 (or such other amount as may be applicable while Virgin Orbit qualifies as a smaller reporting company ), and in which any related person had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. A related person means: 
 any person who is, or at any time during the applicable period was, one of Virgin Orbit s executive officers or one of Virgin Orbit s directors or director nominees; 
 any person who is known by the post-combination company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of Virgin Orbit s voting stock; and 
 any immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons, which means any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law of such director, director nominee, executive officer or beneficial owner and any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the household of such director, director nominee, executive officer or beneficial owner. 
 We have policies and procedures designed to minimize potential conflicts of interest arising from any dealings we may have with affiliates and to provide appropriate procedures for the disclosure of any real or potential conflicts of interest that may exist from time to time. 
 Director Independence 
 As a result of our common stock being listed on the Nasdaq, we are required to comply with the applicable rules of the exchange in determining whether a director is independent. We believe that each of Susan Helms, George N. Mattson, Katharina McFarland, Abdulla Shadid and Gregory L. Summe qualifies as independent as defined under the applicable Nasdaq rules. 
 78 

Table of Content s 

 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is KPMG LLP, Los Angeles, CA, Auditor Firm ID: 185 
 The table below sets forth the aggregate fees billed to us by KPMG in each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 2022 2021 (4) 
 2021 (5) 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 1,230 650 1,136 Audit Related Fees (2) 
 49 Tax Fees (3) 
 69 203 All Other Fees Total 1,299 650 1,388 
 __________ 
 Less than one percent 
 
 (1) Audit fees include fees for services performed to comply with the standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, including the audit of our consolidated financial statements. This category also includes fees for audits provided in connection with statutory filings or services that generally only the principal independent auditor reasonably can provide, such as consent and assistance with and review of our SEC filings. 
 (2) Audit-Related Fees consist of fees billed for services involving due diligence performed in connection with NextGen s engagement entered into prior to the Virgin Orbit Business Combination. 
 (3) Tax Fees consisted of fees for tax consulting and compliance services. 
 (4) Represents fees billed for services for the period from December 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021 following the Closing. Audit Fees include the 2021 audit of our consolidated financial statements for approximately 650,000. 
 (5) Represents fees billed for services for the period from January 1, 2021 through December 29, 2021 prior to the Virgin Orbit Business Combination. Audit Fees represent KPMG LLP fees related to Vieco USA s 2021 quarterly review procedures and prior year PCAOB audit procedures of 390,000, and fees related to registration statements of 625,400. NextGen incurred audit fees from Marcum, LLP associated with the Virgin Orbit Business Combination of approximately 120,300 and audit-related fees of approximately 49,000 for financial due diligence associated with the Virgin Orbit Business Combination. Tax fees consisted of tax due diligence associated with the Virgin Orbit Business Combination to KPMG LLP of approximately 183,000 related to Vieco USA and approximately 21,000 for Marcum, LLP related to NextGen. 
 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 
 The formal written charter for our audit committee requires that the audit committee pre-approve all audit services to be provided to us, whether provided by our principal auditor or other firms, and all other services (review, attest and non-audit) to be provided to us by our independent registered public accounting firm, other than de minimis non-audit services approved in accordance with applicable SEC rules. 
 The audit committee has adopted a pre-approval policy that sets forth the procedures and conditions pursuant to which audit and non-audit services proposed to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm may be pre-approved. This pre-approval policy generally provides that the audit committee will not engage an independent registered public accounting firm to render any audit, audit-related, tax or permissible non-audit service unless the service is either (i) explicitly approved by the audit committee or (ii) entered into pursuant to the pre-approval policies and procedures described in the pre-approval policy. Unless a type of service to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm has received this latter general pre-approval under the pre-approval policy, it requires specific pre-approval by the audit committee. 
 On an annual basis, the audit committee reviews and generally pre-approves the services (and related fee levels or budgeted amounts) that may be provided by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm without first obtaining specific pre-approval from the audit committee. The audit committee may revise the list of general pre-approved services from time to time, based on subsequent determinations. Any member of the audit committee to whom the committee delegates authority to make pre-approval decisions must report any such pre-approval decisions to the audit committee at its next scheduled meeting. If circumstances arise where it becomes necessary to engage the independent registered public accounting firm for additional services not contemplated in the original pre-approval categories or above the preapproved amounts, the audit committee requires pre-approval for such additional services or such additional amounts. 
 Following the Closing, all of the services listed in the table above were preapproved by our audit committee. 
 
 79 

Table of Content s 

 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 
 (1) Financial Statements. Reference is made to the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on Page F-1 hereof. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules. None. 
 (3) Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report. 
 Exhibit No. 
 Description 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 22, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Pulsar Merger Sub, Inc., and NextGen Acquisition Corp. II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-259574) filed on September 16, 2021). 
 3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. 
 3.2 Bylaws of Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2022). 
 4.1 Warrant Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2021, between NextGen Acquisition Corp. II and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-259574) filed on September 16, 2021). 
 4.2 Amendment to the Warrant Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2022, between Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 3 333-262326) filed on January 25, 2022). 
 4.3 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2022). 
 4.4 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-259574) filed on September 16, 2021). 
 4.5 Convertible Note, dated November 4, 2022, by and between the Registrant, guarantors named therein and Virgin Investments Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022). 
 4.6 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Ac t (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 ). 
 4.7 Convertible Debenture, dated June 29, 2022, issued to YA II PN, Ltd by Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 6, 2022). 
 4.8 Senior Secured C onvertible Note, dated December 19, 2022, by and between the Registrant, guarantors named therein and Virgin Investments Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on F orm 8-K , filed with th e SEC on December 20 , 2022). 
 4.9 Senior Secured C onvertible Note, dated January 30, 2023, by and between the Registrant, guarantors named therein and Virgin Investments Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K , filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023 ). 
 4.10 Senior Secured Convertible Note, dated February 28, 2023, by and between the Registrant and Virgin Investments Limite d. 
 4.11 Amendment No. 1, dated March 22, 2023, to Convertible Debenture between Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. and YA II PN, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 28, 2023). 
 4.12 Senior Secured Convertible Note, dated March 30, 2023, between Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. and Virgin Investments Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2023). 
 10.1 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2022). 
 10.2(a) 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 29, 2021, by and among Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc., NextGen Sponsor II LLC and certain former stockholders of Vieco USA, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1(a) of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2022). 
 
 80 

Table of Content s 

 Exhibit No. 
 Description 10.2(b) 
 VIL and Fifteenth Joinder Agreement, dated December 29, 2021, to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1(b) of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2022). 
 10.3 Letter Agreement, dated March 22, 2021, among the Registrant, NextGen Sponsor II LLC and the Registrant s officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-259574) filed on September 16, 2021). 
 10.4(a) 
 Stockholders Agreement, dated December 29, 2021, by and between Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. and Vieco 10 Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(a) of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2022). 
 10.4(b) 
 VIL and Fifteenth joinder agreement, dated December 29, 2021, to the Stockholders Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(b) of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2022). 
 10.5 Stockholder Support Agreement, dated August 22, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Vieco USA, Inc. and Vieco 10 Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-259574) filed on September 16, 2021). 
 10.6 VIL Joinder Agreement, dated December 29, 2021, to the Stockholder Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2022). 
 10.7 Fifteenth Joinder Agreement, dated December 29, 2021, to the Stockholder Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2022). 
 10.8 + Subscription Agreement, dated as of December 28 , 2021, by and between the Registrant and Virgin Investments Limite d (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registra nt s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022). 
 10.9# Amended and Restated Non-Employee D irector Compensation Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended S eptember 30, 2022 ). 
 10.10# Employment Agreement by and between Virgin Orbit, LLC (f/k/a LauncherOne, LLC) and Dan Hart, dated February 13, 2017, as amended, effective June 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022). 
 10.11# Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022). 
 10.11(a)# Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-259574) filed on September 16, 2021). 
 10.12# Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022). 
 10.12(a)# Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9(a) to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022). 
 10.12(b)# Stock Option Agreement, by and between the Company and Daniel Hart under the Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 (b) to the Registra n t s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended De cember 31, 202 1 . 
 10.12(c)# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10(c) to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022). 
 10.13# Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022). 
 10.14 Deed of Novation, Amendment and Restatement, dated August 22, 2021, by and among Virgin Enterprises Limited, Virgin Orbit, LLC and NextGen Acquisition Corp. II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-259574) filed on September 16, 2021). 
 10.15 
 Amended and restated trademark license agreement in the form attached as an annex to the Deed of Novation, Amendment and Restatement entered into by and among Virgin Enterprises Limited, Virgin Orbit, LLC and the Registrant, dated August 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-259574) filed on September 16, 2021). 
 10.16 Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated March 28, 2022 by and between the Registrant and YA II PN, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2021). 
 
 81 

Table of Content s 

 Exhibit No. 
 Description 10.17 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 28, 2022, between Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. and YA II PN, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 6, 2022). 
 10.18 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 28, 2022, between Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. and YA II PN, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 6, 2022). 
 10.19 Subscription Agreement, dated November 4, 2022, by and between the Registrant, guarantors named therein and Virgin Investments Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022). 
 10.20 Subscription Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, by and between the Registrant, guarantors named therein and Virgin Investments Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 20, 2022). 
 10.21 Subscription Agreement, dated January 30, 2023, by and between the Registrant, guarantors named therein and Virgin Investments Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023). 
 10.22 Security Agreement, dated January 30, 2023, by and between the Registrant , guar antors named therein and Virgin Investments Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023) 
 10.23 Subscription Agreement, dated February 28, 2023, by and between the Registrant and Virgin Investments Limited 
 10.24 Note Amendment, dated February 28, 2023, by and between the Registrant, guarantors named therein and Virgin Investments Limited. 
 10.25# Executive Change in Control Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 20, 2023). 
 10.26 Subscription Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, between Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. and Virgin Investments Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2023). 
 10.27 Form of Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 4, 2023). 
 10.28 Independent Director Agreement between the Company and Alan Carr (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 4, 2023). 
 10.29 Independent Director Agreement between the Company and Jill Frizzley (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 4, 2023). 
 10.30 Termination and Debrand Agreement between the Company and Virgin Enterprises Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 4, 2023). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries. 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ____________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 82 

Table of Content s 

 Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 
 + Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by [ ] have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item (601)(a)(6). 
 Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted under rules of the SEC permitting the confidential treatment of select information. 
 # Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Daniel Hart Name: Daniel Hart Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Brita O Rear Name: Brita O Rear Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Signature Title Date /s/ Daniel Hart Chief Executive Officer and Director April 17, 2023 Daniel Hart (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Brita O Rear Chief Financial Officer April 17, 2023 Brita O Rear (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Susan Helms Director April 17, 2023 Susan Helms /s/ Evan Lovell Chairman of the Board April 17, 2023 Evan Lovell /s/ George N. Mattson Director April 17, 2023 George N. Mattson /s/ Katharina McFarland Director April 17, 2023 Katharina McFarland /s/ Abdulla Shadid Director April 17, 2023 Abdulla Shadid /s/ Gregory L. Summe Director April 17, 2023 Gregory L. Summe /s/ Alan J. Carr Director April 17, 2023 Alan J. Carr /s/ Jill Frizzley Director April 17, 2023 Jill Frizzley 

85 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 7 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring operating losses and negative cash flows from operations that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except for per share data) 
 As of December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets 
 Current assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Contract assets 
 Inventory 
 Due from related party Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Right-of-use assets 
 Investments 
 Other non-current assets 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 Current liabilities 
 Accounts payable 
 Current portion of lease obligation 
 Current portion of provision for contract losses Current portion of convertible debt Accrued liabilities 
 Deferred revenue 
 Due to related party 
 Total current liabilities 
 Lease obligation, net of current portion 
 Deferred revenue, net of current portion 
 Related party convertible debt, net of current portion Public and private placement warrant liabilities Other long-term liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 
 Stockholders equity (deficit) 
 Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands, except for per share data) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 
 Cost of revenue 
 Gross (loss) profit 
 ) ) Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Research and development expenses 
 Operating loss 
 ) ) ) Other (expense) income, net: Change in fair value of equity investments ) Change in fair value of liability classified warrants Change in fair value of convertible notes Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other income 
 Total other income, net: Loss before income taxes 
 ) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 Net loss 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 ) ) Total comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) Net loss per share: Basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (In thousands, except for per share data) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Accumulated Deficit Total Share Par Value Balance as of December 31, 2019 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Advances to stock option holders ) ) Other comprehensive loss Parent Company contributions Parent Company distributions ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Advances to stock option holders Other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of common stock due to Parent Company contributions Conversion of long-term debt due to Parent Company to Parent Company non-cash contributions Reverse recapitalization, net of transaction costs Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock related to stock options exercised Issuance of common stock pursuant to stock-based awards Issuance of common stock due to convertible note conversion Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities 
 Net loss 
 ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Stock-based compensation Inventory write-down 
 Gain on sale of fixed assets ) Write-off of right-of-use assets Non-cash interest on long-term debt, due to Parent Company 
 Non-cash investment in Sky and Space 
 ) Change in fair value of equity investments 
 ) Change in fair value of liability classified warrants 
 ) ) Change in fair value of convertible notes ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable 
 ) Contract assets 
 ) Inventory 
 ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 ) ) Deferred transaction costs 
 Other non-current assets 
 ) ) Due (to) from related party, net 
 ) Accounts payable 
 ) Other long-term liabilities 
 ) ) Accrued liabilities 
 Deferred revenue 
 ) ) Other, net 
 ) Net cash used in operating activities 
 ) ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Purchase of property and equipment 
 ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 
 Proceeds from sale of investment in Arqit Purchase of investment in Arqit 
 ) Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Payments of finance lease obligations ) ) ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Advances to stock option holders ) Contributions from Parent Company contributions Parent Company distributions ) Proceeds from YA II Convertible Debenture Proceeds from November VIL Convertible Note Proceeds from December VIL Convertible Note Proceeds from reverse recapitalization Payment of transaction costs related to reverse recapitalization ) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the period 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the period 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Supplemental disclosures 
 Schedule for non-cash investing activities and financing activities 
 Conversion of long-term debt due to Parent Company to Parent Company non-cash contributions 
 Non-cash investment in SatRev Unpaid property, plant and equipment received 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(1) 
 orbital launches since 2021, which we believe demonstrates the efficacy of our launch system, although our last launch attempt did not reach orbit. With the completed orbital launches, we have delivered satellites for commercial, civil and national security and defense customers to their desired orbits with high precision. Through our proprietary mobile launch system, we offer greater and more predictable access to space, enabling our vision of using space to drive positive and lasting change on Earth. The Company plans to conduct future commercial launches from other locations, including Cornwall in the UK. 
 Since our founding in 2017, we have invested in research and development efforts to develop a unique air-launch system, comprised of Cosmic Girl, a modified Boeing 747 aircraft, and the LauncherOne rocket. Cosmic Girl serves as a reusable mobile launch pad, carrying LauncherOne aloft, and LauncherOne is a two-stage rocket that is the world s first and only liquid-fueled, air-launched rocket to reach orbit successfully. This mobile system allows us to serve a broad array of applications and markets, providing customers with a highly differentiated solution to launch satellites relative to other existing small-satellite ground launch providers. 
 The Business Combination 
 The registrant was initially formed on January 11, 2021, as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. The registrant was formed as NextGen Acquisition Corp. II NextGen and, at the time of the consummation of the transactions described in the following paragraph (the Business Combination ), NextGen changed its name to Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. 
 On August 22, 2021, the registrant entered into a merger agreement (the Merger Agreement with Pulsar Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the registrant Pulsar Merger Sub ), and Vieco USA, Inc. Vieco USA ). On December 29, 2021, as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and following approval by the registrant s shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting held December 28, 2021, the registrant filed a notice of deregistration with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies, together with the necessary accompanying documents, and filed a certificate of incorporation and a certificate of corporate domestication with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, under which the registrant was domesticated and continues as a Delaware corporation, changing its name to Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. (the Domestication ). Virgin Investments Limited VIL or Parent Company is the holder of a majority of our outstanding common stock. 
 Upon the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing ), holders of all issued and outstanding Vieco USA common stock received a total of shares of common stock at a deemed value of per share after giving effect to the exchange ratio of approximately (the Exchange Ratio and all holders of issued and outstanding as of the Closing and all holders of issued and outstanding Vieco USA options received options to purchase shares of Virgin Orbit Virgin Orbit Options ), covering shares of common stock after giving effect to the Exchange Ratio. 
 the surrender and exchange of all issued and outstanding shares of Vieco USA common stock and shares of VO Holdings common stock into an equal amount of Vieco USA common stock shares; 
 the vesting and settlement of granted and outstanding VO Holdings stock appreciation rights SARs with shares of Vieco USA common stock for which the performance condition was deemed satisfied upon the merger of VO Holdings with and into Vieco USA occurred prior to the Closing; 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (1) Organization and Business Operations (cont.) 

 shares of common stock as adjusted by the Exchange Ratio; and 
 the cancellation and exchange of all granted and outstanding vested and unvested Vieco USA Options into Virgin Orbit Options exercisable for shares of common stock with the same terms and vesting conditions except for the number of shares exercisable and the exercise price, each of which was adjusted by the Exchange Ratio. 
 In addition, the following events occurred as part of the Transactions: 
 the sale and issuance of shares of common stock at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of million pursuant to the Subscription Agreements entered in connection with the PIPE Investment; 
 the sale and issuance of shares of common stock, of which shares were issued to Virgin Group, pursuant to the Additional Equity Amount, and shares were issued to the co-chairmen of NextGen, at a price of per share for a total purchase price of million, in order to satisfy the Minimum Cash Condition included in the Merger Agreement; 
 the forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares beneficially held by NextGen Sponsor II LLC NextGen Sponsor prior to the Closing; 
 the effectiveness of transfer restrictions and contingent forfeiture provisions of Class B ordinary shares (the Sponsor Earnback Shares and private placement warrants (the Sponsor Earnback Warrants , and together with the Sponsor Earnback Shares, Sponsor Earnback Securities beneficially held by NextGen Sponsor until the earnback triggering events occur when Virgin Orbit s stock price exceeded certain predetermined levels in the post-Closing period pursuant to a letter agreement (the Sponsor Agreement ). See Part 4. Note 13. Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) - Sponsor Earnback Securities for more information; and 
 payments of million for NextGen s transaction costs and of million for the redemption of NextGen s Class A ordinary shares at approximately per share from NextGen s trust account. 
 Upon Closing, the following were outstanding: 
 shares of Virgin Orbit common stock, consisting of (a) shares issued to holders of all issued and outstanding Vieco USA common stock (b) shares issued to the Parent Company and NextGen (b) shares issued to the holders of NextGen s Class A ordinary shares, which reflects the redemptions of Class A ordinary shares with respect to the holders who exercised their redemption rights, (c) shares issued to the holders of NextGen s Class B ordinary shares, and (d) shares issued in the PIPE Investment; 
 public warrants to purchase shares of Virgin Orbit common stock at an exercise price of per share issued upon conversion of the outstanding NextGen warrants prior to the Closing; 
 private placement warrants to purchase shares of Virgin Orbit common stock at an exercise price of per share issued upon conversion of the outstanding NextGen warrants prior to the Closing; 
 warrants to purchase shares of Virgin Orbit common stock at an exercise price of per share issued to a third-party investor of the PIPE Investment; and 
 options to purchase shares of Virgin Orbit common stock Vieco USA Options at an exercise price ranging from - per share, prior to the Closing. 
 The Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . Under this method of accounting, NextGen was treated as the acquired company for financial 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (1) Organization and Business Operations (cont.) 

 goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Closing are those of Vieco USA in future reports of Virgin Orbit. This determination was primarily based on the following: 
 Vieco USA stockholders in aggregate have a relative majority of the voting power of Virgin Orbit; 
 The board of directors of Virgin Orbit (the Board has members, and Vieco USA stockholders have the right to nominate the majority of the Virgin Orbit Board; 
 Vieco USA s senior management continues to hold the senior management roles of Virgin Orbit and is responsible for the day-to-day operations; 
 Virgin Orbit assumed Vieco USA s name of business; and 
 The intended strategy and operations of Virgin Orbit will continue Vieco USA s strategy and operations to develop small-satellite launch solutions. 
 In accordance with guidance applicable to these circumstances, the equity structure has been recast in all comparative periods up to the Closing to reflect the number of shares of Virgin Orbit s common stock, par value per share, issued to Virgin Orbit s stockholders in connection with the Closing. As such, the shares and corresponding capital amounts and earnings per share related to Vieco USA common stock Vieco USA Options prior to the Closing have been retroactively recast as shares reflecting the Exchange Ratio. 
 Virgin Orbit common stock and warrants commenced trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq under the symbols VORB and VORBW, respectively, on December 29, 2021. 
 Liquidity and Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The going concern basis of presentation assumes that the Company will continue in operation one year after the date these consolidated financial statements are issued and will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. 
 Management evaluated all relevant conditions and events that are reasonably known or reasonably knowable, in the aggregate, as of the date the consolidated financial statements are issued and determined that substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company has not generated positive cash flows from operations or sufficient revenues to provide sufficient cash flows to enable the Company to finance its operations internally, and may not be able to raise sufficient capital to do so. We have incurred significant losses since our inception and had an accumulated deficit of million as of December 31, 2022. Our cash and cash equivalents were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of ASC Topic 205-40, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , our management must evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. This evaluation does not take into consideration the potential mitigating effect of management s plans that have not been fully implemented or are not within our control as of the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. When substantial doubt exists, management evaluates whether the mitigating effect of its plans sufficiently alleviates substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The mitigating effect of management s plans, however, is only considered if both (1) it is probable that the plans will be effectively implemented within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued, and (2) it is probable that the plans, when implemented, will mitigate the relevant 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (1) Organization and Business Operations (cont.) 

(2) 

(b) 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (cont.) 

(c) 
 
 (d) 
 
 (e) 
 
 (f) 
 allowance for uncollectible amounts and write-offs as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company does not have any off-balance sheet credit exposure related to its customers. 
 (g) 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (cont.) 

(i) 
 to years 
 Aircraft 
 years IT software and equipment 
 to years 
 
 The Company incurs repairs and maintenance costs on major equipment, which is expensed as incurred. Assets disposed of or retired are removed from cost and accumulated depreciation accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 (j) 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (cont.) 

(k) 
 years. 
 (l) 
 impairment of long-lived assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter period of the estimated useful life or lease term. The Company monitors conditions related to these assets to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining depreciation period. 
 (m) 
 
 (n) 
 
 (o) 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (cont.) 

 million, million and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Engineering Services 
 Engineering services revenue contracts obligate the Company to provide primarily research and studies services that together are one distinct performance obligation; the delivery of engineering services. The Company elected to apply the as-invoiced practical expedient to such revenues, and as a result, will bypass estimating the variable transaction price. Revenue is recognized as control of the performance obligation is transferred over time to the customer. Engineering services revenue were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Contract Balances 
 Contract assets are comprised of billed accounts receivable and unbilled receivables, which is the result of timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections. Amounts are generally billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon milestones. The Company records accounts receivable when it has an unconditional right to consideration. Contract assets are classified as current if the invoice will be delivered to the customer within the succeeding 12-month period with the remaining recorded as long-term. 
 In addition, the Company evaluates whether or not it should capitalize the costs of fulfilling a contract. Such costs would be capitalized when they are not within the scope of other standards and: (1) are directly related to a contract; (2) generate or enhance resources that will be used to satisfy performance obligations; and (3) are expected to be recovered. 
 The Company began capitalizing contract costs associated with specific launch services contracts with customers as the Company determined technological feasibility was reached upon the Company s successful demo launch in January 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recorded million and million respectively, of contract assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company has not incurred incremental costs for obtaining our contracts with customers. 
 Contract liabilities primarily relate to small-satellite launch operations and are recorded when cash payments are received or due in advance of performance. Cash payments for small-satellite launch services are classified as customer deposits until enforceable rights and obligations exist, when such deposits also become non-refundable. Customer deposits become non-refundable and are recorded as non-current deferred revenue following the Company s delivery of the conditions of carriage to the customer and execution of an informed consent. Non-current deferred revenue was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Current deferred revenue was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Payment terms vary by customer and type of revenue contract. The Company generally expects that the period of time between payment and transfer of promised goods or services will be less than one year. In such instances, the Company has elected the practical expedient to not evaluate whether a significant financing component exists. 
 These individual contract assets and liabilities are reported in a net position on a contract-by-contract basis on the consolidated balance sheets at the end of each reporting period. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Remaining performance obligations are committed and represent non-cancellable contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized and will be recognized as revenue in future periods. Some contracts allow customers to cancel the contracts without a significant penalty if the Company s launches are delayed beyond a specified 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (cont.) 

 (p) 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (q) 
 
 (r) 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 
 (s) 
 
 (t) 
 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (cont.) 

 Refer to Note 16. Investments in Noncontrolled Entity . 
 (u) 
 (v) 
 
 (w) 
 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (3) 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (3) Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements (cont.) 

F-18 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (4) 
 of revenue, or (b)(i) thousand for each of four quarters prior to the Company s first commercial launch, Tubular Bells, Part One, in June 2021; (b)(ii) million for each of four quarters after the commercial launch date; (b)(iii) million for each of the four quarters two years after commercial launch date. As of December 31, 2022, royalties payable was million due to VEL. The royalties expense was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, royalties payable was thousand, which includes a prorated fee from the amended TMLA of thousand. Based on the original TMLA dated March 1, 2017, royalties payable for the use of license were the greater of of revenue, or thousand per quarter, after the Company s first commercial launch, Tubular Bells, Part One, in June 2021. Prior to this date, royalties payable for the use of license was the greater of of revenue or thousand per quarter. 
 On October 25, 2019, the Company entered into a transition services agreement TSA with Galactic Enterprises, LLC, f/k/a Virgin Galactic, LLC GEL primarily for certain operating and administrative services. The original agreement expired in October 2021, and a limited form of this agreement was extended through July 15, 2022. Under the original agreement, GEL provided pilot utilization services, finance and accounting services and insurance advisory services to the Company, and the Company provided propulsion engineering services, tank design support services, tank manufacturing services, and office space access and usage services, as well as business development and regulatory affairs services to GEL. Under the limited extension, GEL provides pilot utilization services and the use of office space, and the Company provides GEL with propulsion engineering services, tank design support services, tank manufacturing services, and office space access and usage. Costs incurred for the TSA were not material for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. In addition to the TSA, the Company records direct charges from GEL for other general administrative expenses. There were thousand in charges for the year ended December 31, 2022 and thousand in reimbursements for the year ended December 31, 2021, which were recorded as a reduction of selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 The Company has a receivable of thousand and a payable of thousand as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, due to Virgin Galactic Holdings, Inc. VGH ), the parent of GEL. 
 As discussed in Note 10 . Convertible Notes , on November 4, 2022 (the November VIL Convertible Note and December 19, 2022 (the December VIL Convertible Note and, together with the November VIL Convertible Note, the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes ), the Company sold and issued to VIL a senior unsecured convertible note and a secured convertible note in the principal amounts of million and million, respectively, which are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock or other Qualified Securities (as defined in Note 10. Convertible Notes ). 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (5) 
 Investments Total assets at fair value Liabilities: Derivative warrant liabilities - Public warrants Derivative warrant liabilities - Private placement warrants Convertible notes, net Total liabilities at fair value 
 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2021 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (in thousands) Assets Money market Investments Total assets at fair value Liabilities: Derivative warrant liabilities - Public warrants Derivative warrant liabilities - Private placement warrants Total liabilities at fair value 
 Level 1 assets include investments traded within an active market, with an observable listed price, and money market funds that invest solely in U.S. government securities. The Company uses inputs such as actual trade data, quoted market prices from dealers or brokers, and other similar sources to determine the fair value of our investments. Level 3 assets include investments where no observable traded price is available. The estimated fair value of the investment was determined using assumptions related to the unit price, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, and observed historical transactions. 
 The Company s warrant liability as of December 31, 2022 includes public and private placement warrants that were originally issued by NextGen and assumed by the Company as part of the Closing (the Public Warrants and Private Warrants, respectively, or together, the Public and Private Warrants ). The Public and Private Warrants are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value. The carrying amount is subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date. With each remeasurement, the carrying amount will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Public Warrants are publicly-traded under the symbol VORBW , and the fair value of the Public Warrants at a specific date is determined by the closing price of the Public Warrants as of that date. As such, the Public Warrants are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 For periods where no observable traded price is available, the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants has been estimated using a Monte-Carlo simulation model. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, the fair value of the Public Warrants is based on the observable listed price for such warrants. The 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (5) Fair Value Measurements (cont.) 

 days after the Closing or (ii) from the date of the closing of NextGen s initial public offering. Finally, the Company does not anticipate paying a dividend. Any changes in these assumptions can change the valuation significantly. 
 The change in the fair value of the private warrant liabilities continue to be measured using Level 3 inputs, for the period from December 31, 2020 through December 31, 2022 as summarized below: 
 Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities ) Warrant liabilities at December 31, 2021 
 Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities ) Warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022 
 
 million based on the following: unit price, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, term to expiration. Quarterly, the fair value of the Convertible Notes are remeasured either using the Monte-Carlo or the Black-Scholes model with changes in credit risk recorded on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss . 
 
 (6) 
 Work in process 
 Inventories, gross 
 Provision for contract losses against inventory 
 ) ) Reserve for inventory excess and obsolescence 
 ) ) Inventory 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined inventory related to certain rocket builds were not recoverable. The change in provision for contract losses against inventory of million and reserve for inventory excess and obsolescence of million were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (7) 
 Machinery and equipment 
 Aircraft 
 IT software and equipment 
 Construction in progress 
 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Within IT software and equipment, the Company s capitalized software totaled million and million, net of accumulated amortization of million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. No amortization expense is recorded until the software is ready for its intended use. 
 Depreciation expense recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Cost of revenue 
 Research and development, net 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Total depreciation expense 
 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 VIECO USA, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (8) 
 Short-term lease expense 
 Finance lease cost: 
 Amortization of right-of-use assets 
 Interest on lease obligations 
 Total finance lease cost 
 Total lease cost 
 
 The components of supplemental cash flow information related to leases for the period are as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Cash flow information: 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease obligations for the year ended: 
 Operating cash flows for operating leases 
 Operating cash flows for finance leases 
 Financing cash flows for finance leases 
 Non-cash activity: 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 
 Operating leases 
 Finance leases 
 Termination of right-of-use asset, net Other information: 
 Weighted average remaining lease term: 
 Operating leases (in years) 
 Finance leases (in years) 
 Weighted average discount rates: 
 Operating leases 
 Finance leases 
 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (8) Leases (cont.) 

 Short-term finance lease liabilities 
 Long-term finance lease liabilities 
 Total finance lease liabilities 
 Operating leases 
 Long-term right-of-use assets 
 Short-term operating lease liabilities 
 Long-term operating lease liabilities 
 Total operating lease liabilities 

(9) 
 Accrued inventory Accrued vacation Accrued payroll Other accrued expenses and current liabilities 
 Total accrued liabilities and other current liabilities 

(10) 
 million, which is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock subject to certain conditions and limitations set forth in the Purchase Agreement. The Investor is obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to convert million of the convertible debenture in each 30-day period beginning on August 28, 2022, provided that certain conditions are satisfied as of each such period. 
 The convertible debenture bears interest at an annual rate of and has a maturity date of December 29, 2023. The convertible debenture provides a conversion right, in which any portion of the principal amount of the convertible debenture, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, may be converted into the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to the lower of (i) or (ii) of the average of the two lowest daily volume 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (10) Convertible Notes (cont.) 

 , as of December 31, 2022, that is subject to further adjustment in accordance with the terms of the convertible debenture), with a remaining balance due of million. 
 The convertible debenture may not be converted into common stock to the extent such conversion would result in the Investor and its affiliates having beneficial ownership of more than of our then outstanding shares of common stock; provided that this limitation may be waived by the Investor upon not less than days prior notice to the Company. The convertible debenture provides the Company, subject to certain conditions, with a redemption right pursuant to which, upon three business days prior notice to the investor in the case of a partial redemption or ten business days notice in the case of a full redemption, may redeem, in whole or in part, any of the outstanding principal and interest thereon at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount being redeemed on or before October 1, 2022, and thereafter at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount being redeemed. 
 The convertible debenture includes a repayment trigger base on if the daily volume-weighted average price VWAP of common stock is less than the floor price of for trading days during a period of consecutive trading days, then the Company is required to make monthly payments, beginning on the 10th calendar day after the triggering date of of principal plus the redemption premium of the principal) plus accrued interest. The monthly repayment trigger will cease if the Company provides the investor a reset notice reducing the floor price, (floor price means per share), limited to no more than of VWAP and not less than or the daily VWAP is greater than the floor price for consecutive trading days. 
 The Company and Investor entered into a registration rights agreement pursuant to which the Company is required to file a registration statement registering the resale by the Investor of any shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon conversion and, subject to certain exceptions, maintain the effectiveness of that registration statement. 
 The Company accounts for the convertible debenture in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity , under which the convertible debenture does not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classifies the convertible debenture as a liability at fair value and remeasures the convertible debenture to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date until fully converted into common stock, and any change in fair value is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 The amount of proceeds the Company received from the Investor was the full face value of million. There was no discount or premium issued with this debt. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a principal balance of million and accrued interest expense of million. 
 The convertible debenture will not be included in the computation of either basic or diluted EPS for the year ended December 31, 2022 in Note 15. Net Loss Per Share . This financial instrument is not be included in basic EPS because it does not represent participating securities. Further, the convertible debenture has not be included in diluted EPS because the Company reported a net loss from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022; thus, including these financial instruments would have an antidilutive effect on EPS. 
 The Company remeasured the fair value of convertible debenture at December 31, 2022 with changes in fair value recorded in earnings as discussed in Note 5. Fair Value Measurements . In connection with the Company's remeasurement of the convertible debenture to fair value, the Company recorded an unrealized loss of approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in a fair value balance of million. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (10) Convertible Notes (cont.) 

 Option term (in years) Volatility Risk-free interest rate 
 As of December 31, 2022 (In thousands) YA II Convertible Debenture Fair value as of December 31, 2021 
 Change in fair value reported in statement of operations ) Convertible note issued during the period Conversion of note to common stock ) Ending fair value as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 (In thousands) YA II Convertible Debenture Accrued Interest Accrued interest as of December 31, 2021 
 Accrued interest Accrued interest paid upon conversion ) Accrued interest as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 Number of Common Shares Issued Upon Conversion Common shares issued as of December 31, 2021 
 Common shares issued Common shares issued as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Convertible Notes with VIL 
 On November 4, 2022 (the November VIL Convertible Note and December 19, 2022 (the December VIL Convertible Note and, together with the November VIL Convertible Note, the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes ), the Company sold and issued to VIL a senior unsecured convertible note and a secured convertible note in the principal amounts of million and million, respectively, which are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock or other Qualified Securities (as defined below), subject to certain conditions and limitations set forth 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (10) Convertible Notes (cont.) 

 (or during the continuance of an event of default under the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes), payable in cash semi-annually, and have a maturity date of November 4, 2024, unless earlier repurchased, converted or redeemed in accordance with its terms prior to such date. Subject to any limitations under the rules of Nasdaq Stock Market, the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes will automatically convert into Qualified Securities (as defined below) at a conversion price equal to the purchase price paid by investors in the relevant Qualified Financing (as defined below) if, prior to the earliest to occur of November 4, 2024, any Fundamental Change Effective Date and the effective date of any Merger Event (each as defined in the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes), the Company consummates a bona fide third-party financing of the Company s common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock for gross cash proceeds of at least million (excluding any securities purchased by VIL or its affiliates) in one or more related and substantially similar and simultaneous transactions at the same price (a Qualified Financing and the securities sold in such Qualified Financing, the Qualified Securities ). VIL will have the option to convert all or a portion of the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes in accordance with such terms in a financing by us that would have been a Qualified Financing but for the gross cash proceeds in such financing being less than million, with such conversion effected as described above as if such financing were a Qualified Financing. Additionally, on or after October 15, 2024, VIL has the right to convert all or any portion of the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes into shares of common stock at an initial conversion rate of 345.5425 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes (subject to adjustments as provided in the Convertible Notes, the Fixed Conversion Rate ). In the event of a Fundamental Change, a Merger Event (each as defined in the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes) or a redemption of the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes by the Company, or if any automatic conversion in connection with a Qualified Financing would be subject to limitations set forth in the relevant rules of Nasdaq Stock Market, VIL has the right to convert the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes at the Fixed Conversion Rate. Prior to the Maturity Date, the Company may redeem all or part of the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes for cash at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. The 2022 VIL Convertible Notes contain a covenant that restricts our and the Guarantors ability to incur liens on our and the Guarantors assets and properties without VIL s consent. If the Company undergoes a Fundamental Change (as defined in the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes), then, subject to certain conditions, VIL may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or any portion of the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. Initially, a maximum of and , shares of the common stock may be issued upon conversion of the November VIL Convertible Note and December VIL Convertible Note, respectively, at the Fixed Conversion Rate, subject to adjustment provisions included in the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes. 
 Option term (in years) Volatility Risk-free interest rate 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (10) Convertible Notes (cont.) 

 Change in fair value reported in statement of operations ) Convertible notes issued during the period Conversion of note to common stock Ending fair value as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 November VIL Convertible Note December VIL Convertible Note (In thousands) VIL Convertible Notes Accrued Interest Accrued interest as of December 31, 2021 
 Accrued interest Accrued interest paid upon conversion Accrued interest as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there have been no common shares issued for the 2022 VIL Convertible Notes. 
 
 (11) 
 million for million shares of warrants outstanding at the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Public Warrants 
 Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Virgin Orbit common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time after March 25, 2022, except as described below. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a public warrant holder may exercise the public warrants only for a whole number of shares of common stock. The public warrants will expire from the Closing (or December 29, 2026), or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per share of common stock equals or exceeds . 
 The Company may redeem the public warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (11) Warrants (cont.) 

 per warrant; 
 upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 
 if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the common stock for any trading days within a trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is given to the warrant holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share. 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per share of common stock equals or exceeds . 
 The Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 
 in whole and not in part; 
 at per public warrant; 
 upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; 
 provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of common stock; and 
 if, and only if, the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share. 
 Private Placement Warrants 
 The private placement warrants are identical to the public warrants, except that the private placement warrants and the common shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants were not transferable, assignable or salable until days after the Closing, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the private placement warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except as described above under the heading Redemption of warrants when the price per common share equals or exceeds , so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the private placement warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the public warrants. 
 Stock price Option term (in years) Volatility Risk-free interest rate 
 Third-Party PIPE Investor Warrant 
 In connection with the Closing, the Company granted a third-party investor of the PIPE Investment Third-Party PIPE Investor a warrant to purchase (including via cashless exercise) shares of Virgin Orbit common stock at an exercise price of per share, which has been classified as equity in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, the settlement of the instruments is indexed to shares of the Company s common stock and qualifies for classification in equity. The Third-Party PIPE 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (11) Warrants (cont.) 

 anniversary of the issuance of the Third-Party PIPE Investor warrant (or December 29, 2026) and (ii) a change in control of Virgin Orbit. The warrant shares shall (a) be listed on the Nasdaq or such other securities exchange as Virgin Orbit s common stock is then listed on, (b) benefit from customary registration rights and (c) be subject to the restriction on transfer as stipulated by the lock-up agreement, dated August 22, 2021, by and between NextGen and the Third-Party PIPE Investor. The Third-Party PIPE Investor warrant was measured at the relative fair value at the Closing at million as additional paid-in-capital in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 (12) 
 thousand, thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The effective income tax rate was nil for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company s effective tax rate differs from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to a substantially full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets where it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 (a) Income Taxes 
 Foreign operations 
 ) Loss before income taxes 
 
 State 
 Foreign 
 Total current tax expense 
 Deferred 
 Federal 
 State 
 Foreign 
 Total deferred tax expense 
 Total tax expense 
 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (12) Income Taxes (cont.) 

 NOLs and capital loss carryforwards 
 Credit carryforwards 
 Equity compensation 
 R D capitalized costs 
 Start-up costs 
 Other 
 Total gross deferred tax assets 
 Less valuation allowance 
 ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Fixed asset basis 
 ) ) Other 
 ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities 
 ) ) Total deferred taxes, net 
 
 ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740) requires that the tax benefit of net operating losses, temporary differences and credit carryforwards be recorded as an asset to the extent that the Company assesses that realization is more likely than not. Realization of the future tax benefits is dependent on the Company s ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period. Because of the Company s recent history of operating losses, the Company believes that recognition of the deferred tax assets arising from the above-mentioned future tax benefits is currently not likely to be realized and, accordingly, has provided a valuation allowance. 
 The Company may be subject to the NOL utilization provisions of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The effect of an ownership change would be the imposition of an annual limitation on the use of NOL carryforwards attributable to periods before the change. The amount of the annual limitation depends upon the value of the Company immediately before the change, changes to the Company s capital during a specified period prior to the change, and the federal published interest rate. The Company has not completed a Section 382 analysis to determine if a change in ownership has occurred. Until an analysis is completed, there can be no assurance that the existing net operating loss carry-forwards or credits are not subject to significant limitation 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (12) Income Taxes (cont.) 

 2036-2037 Net operating losses, federal Indefinite 
 Indefinite Net operating losses, state Expiring 
 2029-2042 Net operating losses, state Indefinite Indefinite Net operating losses, foreign 
 Indefinite Tax credits, federal 
 2025 - 2042 Tax credits, state 
 Indefinite 
 In the ordinary course of its business the Company incurs costs that, for tax purposes, are determined to be qualified research expenditures within the meaning of IRC 41 and are, therefore, eligible for the Increasing Research Activities credit under IRC 41. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company utilized the separate return approach for the purpose of presenting the consolidated financial statements, including the tax provisions and the related deferred tax assets and liabilities. The historic operations of the Company reflect a separate return approach for each jurisdiction in which the Company had a presence and the Parent Company filed tax return for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (b) Tax Rate Reconciliation 
 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act was signed into law in the U.S. to provide certain relief as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, governments around the world have enacted or implemented various forms of tax relief measures in response to the economic conditions in the wake of COVID-19. As of December 31, 2022, neither the CARES Act nor changes to income tax laws or regulations in other jurisdictions had a significant impact on the Company s effective tax rate. ) ) State taxes, net of federal benefit 
 ) ) ) Permanent adjustments 
 ) ) Return to provision 
 ) Other deferred adjustment 
 ) General business credits 
 ) ) Change in valuation allowance 
 Income tax expense 
 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of (a) temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, and (b) operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. 
 The Company records income tax expense for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Under this method, the Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities, as well as for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates that are expected to apply to taxable income for the years 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (12) Income Taxes (cont.) 

 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company assesses on a periodic basis the likelihood that it will be able to recover its deferred tax assets. The Company considers all available evidence, both positive and negative, including historical levels of income or losses, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for the valuation allowance. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of million, of which million will begin to expire in 2036 and the remainder will carryforward indefinitely. The Company has state net operating losses of million, of which million will begin to expire in 2029 and the remainder will carryforward indefinitely. In addition, the Company has research and development tax credit carryforwards of million for federal income tax purposes and million for California tax purposes. The credits are reported net of the uncertain tax benefit. The federal research and development tax credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2025. The California state research and development tax credit will carry forward indefinitely. The Company s ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards and federal and state tax credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income and future taxes, respectively, may be subject to restrictions attributable to equity transactions that result in changes in ownership as defined by Internal Revenue Code Section 382. 
 (c) Uncertain Tax Positions 
 The Company believes it has provided adequate reserves for all tax deficiencies or reductions in tax benefits that could result from federal, state and foreign tax audits. The Company regularly assesses the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of the Company s tax provision. The Company adjusts its uncertain tax positions to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other info rmation and events pertaining to a particular audit. However, income tax audits are inherently unpredictable and there can be no assurance that the Company will accurately predict the outcome of these audits. The amounts ultimately paid on resolution of an audit could be materially different from the amounts previously included in the Provision for taxes and therefore the resolution of one or more of these uncertainties in any particular period could have a material impact on net earnings or cash flows. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has total uncertain tax positions of million and million, respectively. The Company estimates that these liabilities would be reduced by million and million, respectively, from offsetting tax benefits associated with the correlative effects of net operating losses and other timing adjustments. The net amounts of all years, if not required, would favorably affect the Company s effective tax rate. interest or penalties have been recorded related to the uncertain tax positions. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (12) Income Taxes (cont.) 

Increases: 
 For current year s tax positions 
 For prior years tax position 
 Decreases: 
 For reductions of prior year s tax positions 
 ) ) Gross balance at the end of the year 
 
 It is not expected that there will be a significant change in the Company s uncertain tax positions in the next 12 months. The Company is subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes as well as to income taxes in multiple state jurisdictions, and various foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by tax authorities. As of the date of the financial statements, there are no tax examinations in progress. The statute of limitations for tax yea rs ending after and including December 31, 2019, including net operating losses dating back to 2005, are open for federal, state, and foreign tax purposes, respectively. 
 
 (13) 
 shares of common stock, par value per share. 
 Each holder of common stock is entitled to vote for each share of common stock held by such holder. The holders of common stock are entitled to the payment of dividends when and as declared by the Board in accordance with applicable law and to receive other distributions from the Company. Any dividends declared by the Board to the holders of the then outstanding shares of common stock will be paid to the holders thereof pro rata in accordance with the number of shares of common stock held by each such holder as of the record date of such dividend. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the funds and assets of the Company that may be legally distributed to the Company s stockholders will be distributed among the holders of the then outstanding shares of common stock pro rata in accordance with the number of shares of common stock held by each such holder. 
 Preferred Stock 
 We have the authority to issue shares of preferred stock, par value per share. Our Board of Directors is authorized to determine the designations and the powers, privileges and rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof in respect to each of our class of preferred stock. 
 Sponsor Earnback Securities 
 During the period between the Closing and the anniversary of the Closing, NextGen Sponsor has subjected the Sponsor Earnback Shares (the Sponsor Earnback Securities of issued and outstanding common stock and Sponsor Earnback Warrants the Sponsor Earnback Warrants of issued and outstanding private placement warrants to transfer restrictions and potential forfeiture to the Company for no consideration until the occurrence of each tranche s respective earnback triggering event. The Sponsor Earnback Shares are comprised of separate tranches of shares per tranche and the Sponsor Earnback Warrants are comprised of separate tranches of warrants per tranche. The earnback triggering events for the respective tranches of the Sponsor Earnback Securities will be met upon the earlier of (i) the date on which the 
 F-34 

VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(13) Stockholders Equity (Deficit) (cont.) 

 and , respectively, for any trading days within any consecutive trading day period. The earnback triggering events were determined to be indexed to the Company s common stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the earnback triggering events were not satisfied and the Sponsor Earnback Securities remained subject to the transfer restrictions and contingent forfeiture provisions. 
 Standby Equity Purchase Agreement 
 On March 28, 2022, we entered into a standby equity purchase agreement (the SEPA with the Investor, pursuant to which we have the right from time to time at our option to sell to the Investor up to million of our common stock, subject to certain conditions and limitations set forth in the SEPA. 
 Upon the initial satisfaction of the conditions to the Investor s obligation to purchase shares of common stock set forth in the SEPA (the Commencement ), including that a registration statement registering the resale by the Investor of the shares of common stock under the Securities Act that may be sold to Investor by us under the SEPA (the Initial Resale Registration Statement is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and a final prospectus relating thereto is filed with the SEC, we will have the right, but not the obligation, from time to time at our sole discretion until the first day of the month next following the -month period from and after the date of the SEPA, to direct the Investor to purchase up to a specified maximum amount of shares of common stock as set forth in the SEPA by delivering written notice to the Investor. The purchase price of the shares of common stock that we may sell to the Investor pursuant to the SEPA will be of the average of the volume weighted average price of our common stock during each trading day in the consecutive trading days commencing on the trading day following delivery of such notice (other than any trading days excluded pursuant to the terms of the SEPA). The maximum amount to be sold pursuant to each notice may not exceed million, and a notice cannot be delivered earlier than trading days following the pricing period relating to any prior notice. Any shares of common stock that may be sold by us under the SEPA will be sold in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance upon the exemption afforded under Section 4(a)(2). 
 The SEPA prohibits us from directing the Investor to purchase any shares of common stock pursuant to the SEPA if those shares, when aggregated with all other shares of our common stock then beneficially owned by the Investor and its affiliates, would result in the Investor and its affiliates having beneficial ownership of more than the of our then outstanding shares of common stock. Additionally, under applicable Nasdaq rules, we may not issue to the Investor more than of the total number of shares of common stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the execution of the SEPA without prior stockholder approval, unless certain stipulations are met. The SEPA also provides that we may request a pre-advance loan from the Investor in a principal amount not to exceed million. Subject to the terms of the SEPA, we have the right to terminate the SEPA at any time after Commencement, at no cost or penalty, upon trading days prior written notice. In connection with the execution of the Purchase Agreement on June 28, 2022, we agreed with the Investor not to sell to the Investor any shares under the SEPA until the earlier of the date upon which (i) all amounts outstanding under the convertible debenture have been fully repaid or converted into shares of common stock or (ii) the Investor no longer has any right or ability to convert any portion of the convertible debenture into shares of common stock. 
 
 (14) 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (14) Stock-Based Compensation (cont.) 

 shares of common stock reserved for issuance. The Company has granted non-qualified stock options and restricted stock units to employees, directors and other service providers. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock available for future issuance pursuant to the 2021 Plan. 
 Compensation expense is recognized only for those options expected to vest with forfeitures estimated based on historical experience and future expectations and is adjusted for forfeitures in the period they occur. Stock-based compensation awards are amortized on a straight-line basis over the graded vesting period based on continued service. 
 Stock Options 
 Granted 
 Exercised 
 ) Forfeited options 
 ) Expired or cancelled options ) Balances as of December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 
 _______________ 
 (1) Aggregate intrinsic value is calculated based on the difference between our closing stock price at year end and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options and represents the pre-tax amount that would have been received by the option holders, had they all exercised all their options on the fiscal year-end date. 
 (2) Shares include time-based options and exclude the CEO milestone awards, totaling million stock options described below. 
 Under the 2017 and 2021 Plans, stock options generally expire years from the date of grant and are exercisable when the options vest. The options generally vest over , the majority of which vest at a rate of on the first anniversary of the grant date, with the remainder vesting ratably each quarter over the next , subject to continued employment. Stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the graded vesting period, using the accelerated attribution method, for each employee stock option expected to vest. We estimate the forfeiture rate based on the historical experience at the date of grant and revises it, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 
 On September 2, 2021, the Company granted stock options to a former employee of the Company to purchase VO Holdings common stock. The stock option grant was fully vested on the date of issuance and was intended to replace an earlier stock option grant with the same exercise price that had cancelled in 2021. The new stock option was not granted pursuant to the 2017 Plan and had a mandatory exercised at the one year anniversary from date of grant. The aggregate grant date fair value of the stock options was estimated to be million, which 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (14) Stock-Based Compensation (cont.) 

 of the underlying shares on the first anniversary of the applicable vesting commencement date, and thereafter as to the remaining of the underlying shares in either (a) substantially equal installments on each successive anniversary of the vesting commencement date, or (b) substantially equal installments on each successive quarterly anniversary of the applicable vesting commencement date, subject to continued employment through the applicable vesting date. In addition, Mr. Hart s stock options will vest and become exercisable in full upon a termination of employment without cause within months following a change in control , each as defined in the 2017 Plan. 
 On November 20, 2017, the Company granted Mr. Hart a milestone award of stock options with an estimated grant date fair value approximating million. Fifty percent of the stock options vested when we achieved our first commercial launch on June 30, 2021. Additionally, on March 17, 2021, the Company granted our CEO a supplemental milestone award of stock options with an estimated grant date fair value approximating million. On June 30, 2021, the day Virgin Orbit achieved the first commercial launch, Tubular Bells Part One, of the milestone award vested. On December 31, 2021, the last day of the first calendar year in which the first commercial launch occurred, of the supplemental milestone award vested. The remaining of the milestone award and the remaining of the supplemental milestone award will vest upon Mr. Hart s continued service through the last day of the first calendar year in which the Company has successful revenue-generating deployment launches of satellites into their respective intended orbits in such calendar year. 
 Stock Option Valuation 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of the awards. The determination of the fair value of stock-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model is affected by the Company s stock price, as well as assumptions regarding complex and subjective variables. These variables include the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, risk-free interest rate, and expected dividends. 
 - - Volatility Risk-free interest rate - - Dividend yield 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Pursuant to our Director Compensation Program, our non-employee directors are eligible to receive initial awards upon their appointment to our Board of Directors and annual awards on the date of each annual stockholders meeting. Initial awards vest ratably over whereas annual awards vest on the earlier of the one-year anniversary of the grant date and the date of the next annual meeting following the grant date, subject to continued service, in each case, subject to the applicable director s continued service. As part of the Business Combination, we granted to our Board of Directors restricted stock units RSU with an aggregate grant date fair value of million at per RSU. Each RSU award granted under this program will vest and settle in common stock (on a -for-one basis) on the third anniversary of the Closing. 
 In addition to RSUs awarded under the Director Compensation Program (described above), during the year ended December 31, 2022, we granted RSU awards to certain of our executives and employees to encourage retention or to 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (14) Stock-Based Compensation (cont.) 

 , with vesting at each six month anniversary from the grant date. 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) Balances as of December 31, 2022 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the unrecognized stock-based compensation related to RSUs was million. This is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Research and development 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 
 million and million, respectively, of stock options and restricted stock units expense as of December 31, 2022. There was million and of stock options and restricted stock units expense, respectively, as of December 31, 2021 . 
 
 (15)) Weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Basic and diluted net loss per share 
 ______________________ 
 (1) For 2020, the weighted average common shares outstanding includes the Virgin Orbit options prior to the Closing. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (15) Net Loss Per Share (cont.) 

 Sponsor Earnback Shares are securities that do not contractually entitle the holders of such shares to participate in nonforfeitable dividends and do not contractually obligate the holders of such shares to participate in losses. The consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss reflects a net loss for the period presented and, accordingly, no loss amounts have been allocated to the Sponsor Earnback Shares. The Sponsor Earnback Shares have also been excluded from basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders as such shares of Virgin Orbit common stock are contingently recallable until the Sponsor Earnback Shares are no longer subject to transfer restrictions and contingent forfeiture provisions upon the satisfaction of the earnback triggering events. 
 Virgin Orbit restricted stock units outstanding Private placement warrants (1) 
 Public warrants Third-Party PIPE Investor warrant Shares related to Convertible Notes _______________ 
 Sponsor Earnback Warrants are excluded as the underlying shares are contingently recallable until the Sponsor Earnback Warrants are no longer subject to transfer restrictions and contingent forfeiture provisions upon the satisfaction of the earnback triggering events. 
 
 (16) 
 million per year for its promotion services for on a quarterly basis beginning on July 1, 2021 and ending on April 1, 2024, and the Company will pay SAS a fee of AUD million for each launch that is resold or referred by SAS. Given the settlement was contingent on events which had not yet occurred as of December 31, 2022, the services and reseller agreement were not recognized in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 On February 16, 2021, under the terms of the settlement agreement, the Company was issued ordinary shares of SAS Parent at AUD per share for a total of million AUD, or million, which represents of ownership in SAS Parent. The Company is also entitled to one observer seat on the board of directors of the parent 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (16) Investments in Noncontrolled Entity (cont.) 

 ordinary shares of SAS Parent. The Company does not have significant influence or the ability to exercise significant influence or control over SAS Parent. Therefore, the investment is accounted as a financial asset included in non-current asset in the consolidated balance sheets, with unrealized gain or loss and dividends recognized in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company has recognized upon issuance of the ordinary shares of SAS Parent, an unrealized gain of million from the initial investment, with an offset of million unrealized loss based on SAS fair value as of December 31, 2021, which was recorded in other income, net for the year ended December 31, 2021. No significant changes to unrealized loss as of December 31, 2022. 
 On April 20, 2021, the Company was issued fully vested call options with a strike price of AUD per share, with settlement of the call options contingent upon the successful relisting and IPO of SAS Parent. As the relisting and IPO has not yet occurred as of December 31, 2022, the issuance of the options was not recognized in the consolidated financial statements. The Company also determined the estimated value of such options was not material. 
 On August 27, 2021, SAS Parent officially discontinued its efforts to be relisted on ASX. On September 8, 2021, the Company amended the services and reseller agreement to remove the condition of SAS Parent to be relisted on ASX resulting in the settlement agreement as well as the services and reseller agreement becoming effective. Accordingly, the million deposit from SAS related to the terminated launch service agreement historically recorded in deferred revenue has been released from deferred revenue and recorded as other income, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The removal of this condition also relates to the outstanding call options, which as a result of the amendment, can be exercised into shares of SAS Parent regardless of the SAS Parent being relisted on ASX. However, the value of the options are not material for the periods presented. As of December 31, 2022, there were no material changes in the Company s investment in SAS. 
 Arqit PIPE Investment 
 On May 12, 2021, the Company entered into a binding term sheet (the Term Sheet and a subscription agreement to commit to contribute million to Arqit Limited Arqit in a PIPE transaction (the Arqit PIPE Investment in exchange for ordinary shares at per share, subject to and contingent upon the closing of a planned merger transaction (the Arqit Transaction between Arqit and Centricus Acquisition Corp., a SPAC unaffiliated with the Company. 
 On September 3, 2021, the Arqit Transaction was consummated, and the Company made the Arqit PIPE Investment, which was recorded as a financial asset in investments in the consolidated balance sheets. During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company disposed approximately of its investment in Arqit. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the remaining Arqit PIPE Investment was million that includes an unrealized loss of million in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 On September 7, 2021, Arqit delivered million to the Company as a non-refundable deposit towards an executed launch service agreement for up to launches, with million of such deposit to be applied towards the price of each remaining launch services commencing with the second launch, if Arqit requires fewer than launch services, and the remainder to be applied towards the price of the first launch service. On September 30, 2022, the launch term dates were amended resulting in later launch payment milestone dates. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million in non-current deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 SatRev 
 On December 21, 2022, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with SatRev, S.A. SatRev to purchase common shares (the SatRev Shares for million and a Launch Services Agreement to purchase launch services for a total of 500kg of spacecraft to low Earth orbit on various launch missions from the effective date until December 31, 2025, for million which includes the payment of a million deposit upon execution (the SatRev Contracts ). The parties have decided to settle the outstanding and due payments to each other for the SatRev Contracts via payment netting. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Stock Purchase Agreement, SatRev will acquire, and the Company will transfer the SatRev Shares to SatRev in exchange for million. SatRev shall receive the same class of equity securities, with the same rights, preferences and privileges 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (16) Investments in Noncontrolled Entity (cont.) 

 million. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the SatRev Investment was million. 
 
 (17) 
 years to years and require the Company to pay all executory costs, such as maintenance and insurance. Certain lease arrangements have rent-free periods or escalating payment provisions, and the Company recognizes rent expense of such arrangements on a straight-line basis. 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter 
 Total payments 
 Less: 
 Imputed interest/present value discount 
 ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 (b) Purchase commitments 
 The Company has non-cancelable purchase commitments as of December 31, 2022, primarily related to supply and engineering services providers. 
 
 Amounts purchased under these arrangements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 (c) Litigation and Claims 
 From time to time, the Company is party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company determines when and how much to accrue for and disclose related to legal and other contingencies. Accordingly, the Company discloses contingencies deemed to be reasonably 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (17) Commitments and Contingencies (cont.) 

 of planned launches. Subsequently on March 27, 2020, OneWeb filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy which terminated the entire launch service agreement entered with the Company during its bankruptcy process by September 18, 2020, resulting in a release of performance rights and performance obligations. The claim with the bankruptcy court and disposition of the Company s complaint closed in December 2022. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no other material legal proceedings. 
 (d) Contingencies 
 The Company identified certain contracts with multiple customers where the expected costs to fulfill the contract will be in excess of the estimated transaction price. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that it was probable that the costs to provide the services as stipulated by the amended launch services agreement would exceed the allocated firm fixed price of each launch. As such, the Company has recorded provisions for contract losses for a total of million through December 31, 2022, including, as part of the Closing, the Company is providing a concession launch service for a Third-Party PIPE Investor. Accordingly, the Company recorded a contract loss reserve of million as of December 31, 2021 based on the estimate of the cost to fulfill this obligation, offset to additional paid in capital as this is considered to be a transaction cost or cost of capital. 
 Consistent with the accounting of its firm fixed price contracts, the Company continually reviews cost performance and estimates-to-complete at least quarterly and in many cases more frequently. Adjustments to original estimates for a contract s revenue, estimated costs at completion and estimated profit or loss are often required as work progresses under a contract, as experience is gained and as more information is obtained, even though the scope of work required under the contract may not change, or if contract modifications occur. The impact of revisions in estimate of completion for all types of contracts are recognized on a cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the revisions are made. 
 
 (18) 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 (19) 
 million and million, respectively, which are convertible into shares of our common stock or other Qualified Securities, subject to certain conditions and limitations set forth in the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes. We sold and issued the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes pursuant to a subscription agreement between the Company, VIL and the Company s domestic subsidiaries named therein that are jointly and severally guaranteeing the Company s obligations under the 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (19) Subsequent Events (cont.) 

 (or upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default under the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes), payable in cash semi-annually, and have a maturity date of November 4, 2024, unless earlier repurchased, converted or redeemed in accordance with its terms prior to such date. Subject to any limitations under the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes will automatically convert into Qualified Securities (as defined below) at a conversion price equal to the purchase price paid by investors in the relevant Qualified Financing (as defined below) if, prior to the earliest to occur of November 4, 2024, any Fundamental Change Effective Date and the effective date of any Merger Event (each as defined in the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes), the Company consummates a bona fide third-party financing of its common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for the Company s common stock for gross cash proceeds of at least million (excluding any securities purchased by VIL or its affiliates) in one or more related and substantially similar and simultaneous transactions at the same price. VIL will have the option to convert all or a portion of the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes in accordance with such terms in a financing by the Company that would have been a Qualified Financing but for the gross cash proceeds in such financing being less than million, with such conversion effected as described above as if such financing were a Qualified Financing. Additionally, on or after October 15, 2024, VIL has the right to convert all or any portion of the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes into shares of common stock at an initial conversion rate of 345.5425 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes (subject to adjustments as provided in the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes, the Fixed Conversion Rate ). In the event of a Fundamental Change, a Merger Event (each as defined in the 2023 VIL Convertible Note) or a redemption of the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes by the Company, or if any automatic conversion in connection with a Qualified Financing would be subject to limitations set forth in the relevant rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, VIL has the right to convert the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes at the Fixed Conversion Rate. Prior to the Maturity Date, the Company may redeem all or part of the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes for cash at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. The 2023 VIL Convertible Notes contains a covenant that restricts the Company s and the Guarantors ability to incur liens on the Company s and the Guarantors assets and properties without VIL s consent. If the Company undergoes a Fundamental Change (as defined in the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes), then, subject to certain conditions, VIL may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or any portion of the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. Initially, a maximum of an aggregate of shares of the common stock may be issued upon conversion of the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes at the Fixed Conversion Rate, subject to adjustment provisions included in the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes and subject to conversion in connection with a deemed Qualified Financing. In connection with the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes, the Company and the Guarantors also entered into a Security Agreement (the Security Agreement with VIL, pursuant to which the Company and the Guarantors granted a first-priority security interest on substantially all of their respective assets, including all aircrafts, aircraft engines (including spare aircraft parts) and related assets, other than certain customary excluded assets and permitted liens described in the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes. Upon the occurrence and continuation of an event of default under the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes, VIL is entitled to, among other things, foreclose on the assets that are the subject of the security interest. The Security Agreement also entitles VIL to exercise such rights in the event of the occurrence and continuation of an event of default under the convertible note sold and issued to VIL on November 4, 2022 in the principal amount of million or the convertible note sold and issued to VIL on December 19, 2022 in the principal amount of million. 
 In connection with the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes, the Company and VIL also entered into a Note Amendment (the Note Amendment ), pursuant to which certain terms of (i) the convertible note sold and issued to VIL on November 4, 2022 in the principal amount of million and the convertible note sold and issued to VIL on December 19, 2022 in the principal amount of million (the Existing Notes were amended for purposes of aligning such terms with those of the 2023 VIL Convertible Notes, and providing that VIL may also require the Company to 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (19) Subsequent Events (cont.) 

 million, which is convertible into shares of common stock, subject to certain conditions and limitations set forth in the 2023 Purchase Agreement. 
 
 The 2023 Convertible Debenture bears interest at an annual rate of and has a maturity date of March 26, 2024. The 2023 Convertible Debenture provides a conversion right, in which any portion of the principal amount of the 2023 Convertible Debenture, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, may be converted into our common stock at a conversion price equal to the lower of (i) or (ii) of the lowest daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock during the three (3) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion (but not lower than a certain floor price, currently set at , that is subject to further adjustment in accordance with the terms of the 2023 Convertible Debenture). 
 
 The 2023 Convertible Debenture may not be converted into common stock to the extent such conversion would result in the Investor and its affiliates having beneficial ownership of more than of our then outstanding shares of common stock; provided that this limitation may be waived by the Investor upon not less than 65 days prior notice to us. The 2023 Convertible Debenture provides us, subject to certain conditions, with a redemption right pursuant to which we, upon three (3) business days prior notice to the Investor in the case of a partial redemption or ten (10) business days notice in the case of a full redemption, may redeem, in whole or in part, any of the outstanding principal and interest thereon at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount being redeemed. 
 
 In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company and Investor entered into a registration rights agreement (the 2023 Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to which we are required to file a registration statement registering the resale by the Investor of any shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the 2023 Convertible Debenture under the Securities Act. Pursuant to the 2023 Registration Rights Agreement, we are required to meet certain obligations with respect to, among other things, the timeliness of the filing and effectiveness of the Registration Statement (as defined therein). We are required to file such registration statement no later than 30 days following March 27, 2023. 
 Between January 1, 2023 and March 27, 2023, YA II PN, Ltd. converted a total principal amount of million and accrued interest of million for shares of common stock. 
 On March 30, 2023, the Company sold and issued to Virgin Investments Limited VIL a senior secured convertible note (the March 2023 VIL Convertible Note in the principal amount of million, which is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock or other Qualified Securities, subject to certain conditions and limitations set forth in the March 2023 VIL Convertible Note. The Company sold and issued the March 2023 VIL Convertible Note pursuant to a subscription agreement, dated as of March 30, 2023, between the Company, VIL and the Company s domestic subsidiaries named therein that are jointly and severally guaranteeing the Company s obligations under the March 2023 VIL Convertible Note. The Company will use the net proceeds from the March 2023 VIL Convertible Note to fund severance and other costs related to the workforce reduction. 
 On April 2, 2023, in connection with the Company s entry into the DIP Credit Agreement with VIL, the Company and Virgin Enterprises Limited VEL entered into a Termination and Debrand Agreement (the Debrand 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (19) Subsequent Events (cont.) 

 par per share (the Common Stock ), and the Company s warrants to purchase Common Stock (the Warrants from Nasdaq. Nasdaq reached its decision that the Company is no longer suitable for listing pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rules 5101, 5110(b), and IM 5101-1 as a result of the Company s commencement of voluntary proceedings under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code on April 4, 2023. Nasdaq also asserted that the Company is not compliant with Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) because the Company has not yet filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Nasdaq informed the Company that its Common Stock and Warrants would be suspended at the opening of business on April 13, 2023. 
 On April 10, 2023, the Company announced that it intends to appeal Nasdaq s decision to delist the Common Stock and Warrants, but pursuant to Nasdaq s listing rules, such appeal will not impact the upcoming suspension of trading in the Common Stock and Warrants, and such suspension will remain in effect unless Nasdaq determines to reinstate the securities as part of the Company s appeal. The Company can provide no assurance that its appeal will be successful. 
 If the appeal is unsuccessful, it is expected that Nasdaq would file a Form 25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), which would remove the Company s Common Stock and Warrants from listing and registration on Nasdaq. 
 The Company has evaluated subsequent events from December 31, 2022 through April 17, 2023, the date at which the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued and concluded there were no other subsequent events to recognize in the consolidated financial statements. 

F-45 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 vorb_20221231xex41-seniors.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

THIS SECURITY (INCLUDING ANY SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION) HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY (INCLUDING ANY SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION) HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO ITS DISTRIBUTION OR RESALE, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THIS SECURITY (INCLUDING ANY SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE 
 CSN-1 
 US 5,000,000.00 February 28, 2023 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc., a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the state of Delaware (the Borrower ), hereby promises to pay to VIRGIN INVESTMENTS LIMITED, or registered assigns, at the address set forth in Section 12.01 of this Senior Secured Convertible Note (this Note ), the principal sum of five million DOLLARS 5,000,000.00), together with interest accrued thereon from time to time as provided herein, on the Maturity Date (as defined below). 
 Article 1 Definitions Interpretations 
 Section 1.01. Definitions. 
 (a) Reserved . 
 (b) The terms defined in this Section 1.01 (except as herein otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires) for all purposes of this Note shall have the respective meanings specified in this Section 1.01. The words herein, hereof, hereunder, and words of similar import refer to this Note as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision. The terms defined in this Article include the plural as well as the singular. Unless otherwise noted, references to U.S. Dollars or shall mean the currency of the United States. 
 Affiliate of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, control, when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing. 
 Bankruptcy Law shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.01. 
 Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of the Borrower or any duly authorized committee of such Board of Directors. 

Borrower means Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, until a successor Person shall replace it pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Note, and thereafter Borrower shall mean such successor Person. 
 Borrower Optional Redemption shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.01. 
 Borrower Redemption Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.02(a). 
 Borrower Redemption Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.02(a). 
 Business Combination Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.01. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed. 
 Capital Stock of any Person means any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) the equity of such Person, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such equity. 
 Cash or cash means such coin or currency of the United States as at any time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts. 
 Clause A Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.07(c). 
 Clause B Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.07(c). 
 Clause C Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.07(c). 
 close of business means 5 00 p.m. (New York City time). 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 Collateral has the meaning given to it in the Security Agreement. 
 Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Common Equity of any Person means Capital Stock of such Person that is generally entitled (a) to vote in the election of directors of such Person or (b) if such Person is not a corporation, to vote or otherwise participate in the selection of the governing body, partners, managers or others that will control the management or policies of such Person. 
 Common Stock means the shares of common stock of the Borrower, par value 0.0001 per share, at the date of this Note, subject to Section 4.10. 
 Conversion Cap shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.03(g). 
 Conversion Date means, in respect of any conversion of this Note, the related Fixed Conversion Date or Financing Conversion Date, as the case may be. 
 2 

Conversion Obligation means, in respect of any conversion of this Note, the related Fixed Conversion Obligation or Financing Conversion Obligation, as the case may be. 
 Default means any event, act or condition that with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person (other than, prior to the date of conversion, indebtedness that is convertible into Equity Interests) or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 
 Event of Default shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.01. 
 Ex-Dividend Date means the first date on which shares of Common Stock trade on The Nasdaq Global Market, or on the applicable stock exchange on which Common Stock is then traded, regular way, without the right to receive the issuance, dividend or distribution in question from the Borrower. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case as amended. 
 Expiration Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.07(e). 
 Expiration Time shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.07(e). 
 Export Control Regulations means the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, the U.S. International Traffic in Arms Regulations and the import laws administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
 Financing Closing Date means, in respect of any Qualified Financing, the closing date of such Qualified Financing. 
 Financing Conversion Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.03(b). 
 Financing Conversion Obligation shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.03(b). 
 Financing Conversion Rate means, in respect of any Qualified Financing and with respect to each 1,000 principal amount of this Note, a number of the Qualified Securities in respect of such Qualified Financing (denominated in shares, units or notes, as applicable (with any such Qualified Securities that have a liquidation preference or principal amount being deemed to be denominated in a liquidation preference or principal amount per share, unit or note, as the case may be, as the Holder determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner)) equal to 1,000 divided by the purchase price per share, unit or note, as applicable, of such Qualified Securities paid by the investors in the Qualified Financing, rounded to the nearest 1 10,000th of a share, unit or note, as applicable. 
 3 

Fixed Conversion Obligation shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.01(a). 
 Fixed Conversion Rate shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.01(a). 
 Foreign Subsidiary means (a) any Subsidiary of the Borrower (i) that has no material assets other than Capital Stock in or indebtedness of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries or (ii) that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code or (b) any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, for so long as such Subsidiary would not be able to execute a Guarantee without creating an investment in United States property (within the meaning of Section 956 of the Code). 
 Form of Assignment and Transfer shall mean the Form of Assignment and Transfer attached as Attachment 3 to this Note. 
 Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice shall mean the Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice attached as Attachment 2 to this Note. 
 Form of Notice of Conversion shall mean the Form of Notice of Conversion attached as Attachment 1 to this Note. 
 Fundamental Change shall be deemed to have occurred at the time after this Note is originally issued if any of the following occurs 
 (a) a person or group (other than the Holder or an Affiliate thereof) within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, other than the Borrower, its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and the employee benefit plans of the Borrower and its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries, has become the direct or indirect beneficial owner, as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of (x) the Common Stock representing more than 50 of the voting power of the Common Stock or (y) Common Equity of the Borrower representing more than 50 of the voting power of all Common Equity of the Borrower 
 (b) the consummation of (A) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or combination) as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets (B) any share exchange, consolidation or merger of the Borrower pursuant to which the Common Stock will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets or (C) any sale, lease or other transfer in one transaction or a series of transactions of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than one of the Borrower s Wholly Owned Subsidiaries provided, however , that a transaction described in subclauses (A) or (B) in which the holders of all classes of the Borrower s Common Equity immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of all classes of Common Equity of the continuing or surviving corporation or transferee or the parent thereof immediately after such transaction in substantially the same proportions as such ownership immediately prior to such transaction shall not be a Fundamental Change pursuant to this clause (b) or 
 (c) the stockholders of the Borrower approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Borrower. 
 4 

If any transaction in which the Common Stock is replaced by the securities of another entity occurs, following the effective date of such transaction references to the Borrower in this definition shall instead be references to such other entity. 
 Fundamental Change Borrower Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.01(b). 
 Fundamental Change Effective Date means the date on which any Fundamental Change becomes effective. 
 Fundamental Change Repurchase Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.01(a). 
 Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.01(d). 
 Fundamental Change Repurchase Price of this Note, means 100 of the principal amount of this Note to be repurchased pursuant to Article 9 plus accrued and unpaid interest on such principal amount of this Note to be repurchased, if any, to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. 
 Guarantees means the joint and several guarantees by the Guarantors of the Borrower s obligations under this Note pursuant to Article 11. 
 Guarantors means each of (a) the Borrower s Subsidiaries listed on the signature pages to this Note, (b) any other Subsidiary of the Borrower that becomes a Guarantor in accordance with Section 3.04 or Section 11.04 and (c) the respective successors and assigns of such Subsidiaries, as required under Article 11, in each case until such time as any such Subsidiary shall be released and relieved of its obligations pursuant to Section 11.06. 
 Guarantor Business Combination Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.04. 
 Holder means Virgin Investments Limited, a company duly organized and existing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. 
 Holder Optional Redemption shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.01. 
 Holder Redemption Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c). 
 Holder Redemption Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c). 
 Interest Payment Date means each May 4 and November 4 of each year, beginning on May 4, 2023 provided , however , that if any Interest Payment Date falls on a date that is not a Business Day, such payment of interest shall be postponed until the next succeeding Business Day, and no interest or other amount shall be paid as a result of such postponement. 
 Interest Rate means 12.00 per annum provided that the Interest Rate shall increase to 16.00 per annum upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default. 
 Issue Date of this Note means the date on which this Note was originally issued or deemed issued as set forth on the face of this Note. 
 5 

Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on any date means the closing sale price per share of the Common Stock (or if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the bid and ask prices per share or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average bid and the average ask prices per share) on such date reported on The Nasdaq Global Market or other principal U.S. securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then traded. If the Common Stock is not listed for trading on a United States national or regional securities exchange on such date, the Last Reported Sale Price of the shall be the last quoted bid price for the Common Stock in the over-the-counter market on the relevant date as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the Common Stock is not so quoted, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be the average of the mid-point of the last bid and ask prices for the Common Stock on such date from each of at least three nationally recognized independent investment banking firms selected by the Borrower for this purpose. The Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock will be determined without reference to extended or after hours trading or any other trading outside regular trading session hours. 
 Lien means any lien, mortgage, pledge, security interest, charge, or encumbrance of any kind (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or any lease in the nature thereof) and any agreement to give or refrain from giving any lien, mortgage, pledge, security interest, charge, or other encumbrance of any kind. 
 Majority Holders means the registered holders of a majority of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreement (but excluding, for this purpose, any such Senior Secured Convertible Notes that are held by the Borrower or by any Subsidiary thereof). 
 Maturity Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.01. 
 Merger Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.10(a). 
 Minimum Financing Threshold means 50,000,000. 
 Non-Qualified Financing means any financing by the Borrower that would have been a Qualified Financing pursuant to clause (a) of the definition thereof but for the gross cash proceeds of such financing being less than the Minimum Financing Threshold. 
 Note shall have the meaning specified in the preamble. 
 Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.03(a)(ii). 
 open of business means 9 00 a.m. (New York City time). 
 Optional Redemption means a Borrower Optional Redemption or a Holder Optional Redemption. 
 Outstanding , when used with reference to this Note, shall mean, as of any particular time, any portion of the principal amount of this Note, except 
 (i) The portion of this Note that has been paid pursuant to Section 12.13 or Notes in lieu of which, or in substitution for which, other Notes shall have been issued by the Borrower pursuant to the terms of Section 12.10 
 (ii) The portion of this Note converted pursuant to Article 4 and required to be canceled pursuant to Section 2.04 and 
 6 

(iii) The portion of this Note redeemed by the Borrower pursuant to Article 10. 
 Permitted Liens means (i) Liens for taxes, assessments or charges of any governmental authority for claims that are not material, or are not yet due or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings that have the effect of preventing forfeiture or sale of the assets to which such Liens attach, and, in each case, with respect to which adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions are being maintained in accordance with GAAP, (ii) the Liens on the Collateral arising pursuant to the Security Agreement securing the Secured Obligations therein including, without limitation, the obligations of the Borrower under this Note, (iii) Liens in favor of the Holder under the 2022 December Note (as defined in the Security Agreement) issued pursuant to the 2022 December Subscription Agreement (as defined in the Security Agreement) (iv) statutory Liens or bankers Liens, (v) any attachment or judgment Lien not constituting an Event of Default, (vi) Liens on Collateral securing equipment leases or purchase money obligations, in each case, that exist on the Issue Date or are in respect of Collateral acquired after the Issue Date and (vii) such other Liens as may be permitted from time to time, with the written consent of the Holder, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. 
 Person or person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any syndicate or group that would be deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act or any other entity. 
 Qualified Financing means each of (a) a bona fide third-party financing (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, where one or more of Virgin Group Holdings Limited, the Holder or any other Affiliate of Virgin Group Holdings Limited is are the sole investor(s)) by the Borrower in the form of Common Stock or any securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, Common Stock (other than pursuant to equity incentive plans of the Borrower where the sale of such securities is registered on Form S-8 under the Securities Act) for gross cash proceeds to the Borrower of at least the Minimum Financing Threshold, in one or more transactions or series of related and substantially similar and simultaneous transactions at the same purchase price from third parties unaffiliated with Virgin Group Holdings Limited and its Affiliates, and (b) any Non-Qualified Financing that the Holder elects, by written notice to the Borrower after the Borrower s delivery of the notice specified in Section 4.02(b) and prior to the applicable Financing Closing Date, to be deemed to be a Qualified Financing in respect of all or any portion of this Note (if the portion with respect to which such election is made is 1,000 principal amount or a multiple thereof). For the avoidance of doubt. the participation by Virgin Group Holdings Limited or its Affiliates in a financing shall not disqualify such financing from being a Qualified Financing (but amounts invested in such financing by Virgin Group Holdings Limited or its Affiliates shall not count toward satisfying the Minimum Financing Threshold). 
 Qualified Securities means, with respect to any Qualified Financing, the Common Stock or securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, Common Stock sold by the Borrower in such Qualified Financing. 
 Qualified Successor Entity means, with respect to a Business Combination Event, a corporation provided , however , that a limited liability company, limited partnership or other similar entity will also constitute a Qualified Successor Entity with respect to such Business Combination Event if both of the following conditions are satisfied (i) either (x) such limited liability company, limited partnership or other similar entity, as applicable, is treated as a corporation that is organized in the United States or is a direct or indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of, and disregarded as an entity separate from, a 
 7 

corporation that is organized in the United States, in each case for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (y) the Borrower has received an opinion of a nationally recognized tax counsel to the effect that such Business Combination Event will not be treated as an exchange under Section 1001 of the Code for the Holder and (ii) such Business Combination Event constitutes a Merger Event whose Reference Property consists solely of any combination of cash in U.S. dollars and shares of common stock or other corporate Common Equity interests of an entity that is (x) treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes (y) duly organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia and (z) a direct or indirect parent of the limited liability company, limited partnership or similar entity that is disregarded from such corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Receiver shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.01. 
 Record Date means, with respect to any dividend, distribution or other transaction or event in which the holders of Common Stock (or other applicable security) have the right to receive any cash, securities or other property or in which the Common Stock (or such other security) is exchanged for or converted into any combination of cash, securities or other property, the date fixed for determination of holders of the Common Stock (or such other security) entitled to receive such cash, securities or other property (whether such date is fixed by the Board of Directors, by statute, by contract or otherwise). 
 Redemption Date means a Holder Redemption Date or a Borrower Redemption Date. 
 Redemption Notice means a Borrower Redemption Notice or a Holder Redemption Notice. 
 Redemption Price of this Note, means 100 of the principal amount of this Note to be redeemed pursuant to Article 10 plus accrued and unpaid interest on such principal amount of this Note to be redeemed, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 
 Reference Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.10(a). 
 Rights means any common stock or preferred stock purchase right or warrant, as the case may be, that all or substantially all shares of Common Stock may be entitled to receive under a Rights Plan. 
 Rights Plan means any common stock or preferred stock rights plan or any similar plan in effect as of the date of this Note or adopted by the Borrower after the date hereof or any replacement or successor rights plan. 
 Rule 144 means Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities Act. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case as amended. 
 Security Agreement means that certain Security Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2023, by and among the Borrower, the Holder and the guarantors thereunder, as the same may be amended from time to time, including pursuant to the Note Document Designation Notice dated as of the date hereof. 
 8 

Significant Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that satisfies the criteria of a significant subsidiary set forth in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act. 
 Spin-Off shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.07(c). 
 Subscription Agreement means that certain Subscription Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2023, by and among the Borrower, the Holder and the guarantors thereunder, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, association, partnership or other business entity of which more than 50 of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock or other interests (including partnership interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers, general partners or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by (i) such Person (ii) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or (iii) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person. 
 Successor Entity shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.01(a). 
 Termination of Trading means the Common Stock (or other common stock into which this Note is convertible) ceases to be listed or quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The NYSE American, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or The Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors). 
 Trading Day means a day during which (i) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs and (ii) a Last Reported Sale Price (other than a Last Reported Sale Price of the type referred to in the third sentence of the definition of Last Reported Sale Price) for the Common Stock is available for such day provided that if the Common Stock is not admitted for trading or quotation on or by any exchange, bureau or other organization referred to in the definition of Last Reported Sale Price (excluding the third sentence of that definition), Trading Day means a Business Day. 
 Trigger Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.07(c). 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code, as the same may, from time to time, be enacted and in effect in the State of New York provided that, to the extent that the UCC is used to define any term herein and such term is defined differently in different Articles or Divisions of the UCC, the definition of such term contained in Article or Division 9 shall govern provided further , that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection, or priority of, or remedies with respect to, the Holder s Lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, the term UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in such other jurisdiction solely for purposes of the provisions thereof relating to such attachment, perfection, priority, or remedies and for purposes of definitions relating to such provisions. 
 United States means the United States of America. 
 unit of Reference Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.10(a). 
 Valuation Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.07(c). 
 9 

Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person, except that, solely for purposes of this definition, the reference to more than 50 in the definition of Subsidiary shall be deemed replaced by a reference to 100 . 
 Article 2 Issue, Description and Execution 
 Section 1.01. Maturity Date. Subject to Section 6.02, all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be due and payable, in full, on November 4, 2024 (the Maturity Date ), unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 Section 1.02. Interest . This Note shall bear interest daily at the simple, non-compounding rate equal to the Interest Rate on such day on the unpaid principal amount of this Note from the Issue Date, or from the most recent date to which interest had been paid or provided for to, but excluding, the next scheduled Interest Payment Date until the Maturity Date. Interest is payable semiannually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. Interest on this Note shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. Interest shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Holder. In the event that any amounts payable under this Note are not paid when due, interest shall accrue on all such amounts, in accordance with Section 3.01(a), including any unpaid principal or interest from the date such overdue amounts were originally due to the date payment of such amounts has been made or duly provided for. All such interest shall be payable on demand. 
 Section 1.03. Payment of Note . All payments due under this Note shall be paid in lawful money of the United States. All payments shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated in writing by the Holder. If an interest, principal or other payment date is other than a Business Day (as defined herein), such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. All payments shall be applied first, to all fees, charges and expenses permitted under this Note, second, to all accrued and unpaid interest hereon and third, to principal. 
 Section 1.04. Cancellation of Portion of Note Paid . All portions of this Note surrendered for the purpose of payment, repurchase, redemption, conversion or registration of transfer, shall, if surrendered to the Borrower, be promptly canceled by it. 
 Article 3 Particular Covenants of the Borrower 
 Section 1.01. Payment of Principal and Interest. 
 (a) The Borrower shall promptly make all payments in respect of this Note on the dates and in the manner provided in this Note. The Borrower shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, pay interest in immediately available funds on any overdue principal amount and interest at the annual rate borne by this Note compounded semiannually, which interest shall accrue from the date such overdue amount was originally due to the date payment of such amount, including interest thereon, has been made or duly provided for. All such interest shall be payable on demand. Presentation of this Note is due at maturity. 
 (b) Payment of the principal of and interest, if any, on this Note shall be made in such immediately available coin or currency of the United States as at the time of payment 
 10 

is legal tender for payment of public and private debts by wire transfer payable in such money. 
 Section 1.02. Corporate Existence . Subject to Article 7 hereof, the Borrower shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its corporate existence and rights (charter and statutory) provided , however , that the Borrower shall not be required to preserve any such right or franchise if the Borrower determines that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Borrower and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to the Holder. 
 Section 1.03. No Liens . The Borrower and each Guarantor shall not, and each shall not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien, other than Permitted Liens, upon any of their respective property or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired. 
 Section 1.04. Additional Guarantors . After the Issue Date, the Borrower shall cause each of the Borrower s Wholly Owned Subsidiaries (other than any Foreign Subsidiary or Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary) to, within 30 days of becoming a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower, execute and deliver to the Holder a joinder to this Note and to the Security Agreement (in each case, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Holder) pursuant to which such Subsidiary shall become a Guarantor hereunder and a Grantor under and as defined in the Security Agreement. 
 Section 1.05. Rule 144 Information Requirement and Annual Reports. 
 (a) The Borrower, at all times while it shall be a reporting company under the Exchange Act, covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Borrower after the Issue Date pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to promptly furnish the Holder with true and complete copies of all such filings provided that any documents publicly filed or furnished with the Commission pursuant to the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System shall be deemed to have been furnished or delivered to the Holder pursuant to this Section 3.05(a). The Borrower further covenants that it shall take such further action as the Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable the Holder to resell or otherwise dispose of this Note or shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion hereof without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144, including providing any customary legal opinions. Upon the request of the Holder, the Borrower shall deliver to the Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements. 
 (b) Without limiting the generality of Section 3.05(a), at any time the Borrower is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Borrower shall, so long as this Note or any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof shall, at such time, constitute restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, make publicly available the information concerning the Borrower as described in Rule 144(c)(2) under the Securities Act to facilitate the resale of this Note or shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof pursuant to Rule 144. 
 (c) The Borrower shall deliver to the Holder, within 15 days after the same are required to be filed with the Commission, copies of any documents or reports that the Borrower is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (giving effect to any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act). Any such document or report that the Borrower files with the Commission 
 11 

via the Commission s EDGAR system shall be deemed to be delivered to the Holder for purposes of this Section 3.05(c) at the time such documents are filed via the EDGAR system. 
 Section 1.06. Transfers . In case this Note or any portion hereof shall be transferred by the Holder, with delivery of a duly completed Form of Assignment and Transfer by the Holder to the Borrower, the Borrower shall promptly upon written request (and in any event, within two Business Days) execute and deliver to (a) the Holder a new Note in authorized denominations in an aggregate principal amount equal to the portion of this Note not transferred and (b) each such transferee a new Note in authorized denominations in an aggregate principal amount equal to the portion of this Note so transferred to such transferee, without payment of any service charge by the Holder or any such transferee but, if required by the Borrower, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax or similar governmental charge required by law or that may be imposed in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Note being different from the name of the Holder of the old Note. 
 Article 4 Conversion of Note 
 Section 1.01. Conversion Privilege at Fixed Conversion Rate. 
 (a) Subject to and upon compliance with the provisions of this Article 4, the Holder shall have the right, at the Holder s option, to convert all or any portion (if the portion to be converted is 1,000 principal amount or a multiple thereof) of this Note (i) subject to satisfaction of the conditions described in Section 4.01(b), at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding October 15, 2024 under the circumstances and during the periods set forth in Section 4.01(b), and (ii) regardless of the conditions described in Section 4.01(b), on or after October 15, 2024 and prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, in each case, at an initial conversion rate of 345.5425 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as provided in this Article 4 , the Fixed Conversion Rate per 1,000 principal amount of this Note (subject to, and in accordance with, the settlement provisions of Section 4.03, the Fixed Conversion Obligation ). 
 (b) 
 (i) If (A) a transaction or event that constitutes a Fundamental Change occurs prior to the Maturity Date or (B) the Borrower is a party to a Merger Event that occurs prior to the Maturity Date, all or any portion of this Note may be surrendered for conversion pursuant to Section 4.01(a) at any time from or after the date that is 35 Business Days prior to the anticipated effective date of the transaction (or, if later, the earlier of (x) the Business Day after the Borrower gives notice of such transaction and (y) the actual effective date of such transaction) until 35 Trading Days after the actual effective date of such transaction or, if such transaction also constitutes a Fundamental Change, until the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. The Borrower shall notify the Holder (x) as promptly as practicable following the date the Borrower publicly announces such transaction but in no event less than 35 Business Days prior to the anticipated effective date of such transaction or (y) if the Borrower does not have knowledge of such transaction at least 35 Business Days prior to the anticipated effective date of such transaction, within one Business Day of the date upon which the Borrower receives notice, or 
 12 

otherwise becomes aware, of such transaction, but in no event later than the actual effective date of such transaction. 
 (ii) If the Borrower calls any or all of this Note for redemption pursuant to Article 10 prior to the Maturity Date, then the Holder may surrender all or any portion of this Note for conversion pursuant to Section 4.01(a) at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day prior to the Redemption Date. After that time, the right to convert on account of the Borrower s delivery of the relevant Redemption Notice shall expire, unless the Borrower defaults in the payment of the Redemption Price, in which case the Holder may convert all or any portion of this Note until the Redemption Price has been paid or duly provided for. 
 (iii) If, prior to the earliest to occur of the Maturity Date, any Fundamental Change Effective Date and the effective date of any Merger Event, the Borrower proposes to consummate a transaction or event that constitutes a Qualified Financing (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any deemed Qualified Financing at the election of the Holder) and if the limitations set forth in Section 4.03(g) relating to the Conversion Cap would apply upon conversion of this Note pursuant to Section 4.02(a) as a result of Section 4.03(g) (as determined by the Holder in good faith), then the Holder may surrender all or any portion of this Note for conversion pursuant to Section 4.01(a) at any time from or after the date of the Borrower s delivery of any related notice pursuant to Section 4.02(b) on the basis of which the Holder s determination that the Conversion Cap may apply is made, until the close of business on the Business Day prior to the related Financing Closing Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Holder delivers a Notice of Conversion pursuant to this Section 4.01(b)(iii), the provisions of Section 4.02(a) shall not apply. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.01, the Holder agrees not to convert any portion of the Note pursuant to Section 4.01(a) in the 20 Trading Days after the Borrower provides to the Holder written notice of its good faith intention to pursue a transaction that the Borrower believes would constitute a Qualified Financing and for which the Holder determines in good faith that the Conversion Cap would not apply upon conversion of this Note pursuant to Section 4.02(a). 
 Section 1.02. Conversions upon a Qualified Financing or a Non-Qualified Financing. 
 (a) If, prior to the earliest to occur of the Maturity Date, any Fundamental Change Effective Date and the effective date of any Merger Event, the Borrower consummates a transaction or event that constitutes a Qualified Financing, then, on the Financing Closing Date in respect of such Qualified Financing this Note shall automatically convert in whole (or, in respect of a Qualified Financing pursuant to clause (b) of the definition thereof, in the portion validly set forth in the Holder s election with respect to the relevant Non-Qualified Financing) without any further action by the Holder into Qualified Securities in respect of such Qualified Financing at the Financing Conversion Rate of such Qualified Securities per 1,000 principal amount of this Note. 
 (b) The Borrower shall deliver to the Holder written notice of any potential Qualified Financing or Non-Qualified Financing no less than five (5) Business Days prior to the related Financing Closing Date. Such notice shall include a copy of the Qualified Financing transaction documents, the proposed terms and conditions of the Qualified Financing, including the nature and type of the Qualified Securities and the proposed purchase price (or range of purchase prices) with respect thereto, and the proposed 
 13 

Financing Closing Date. As promptly as practicable after the final determination of the terms of any Qualified Financing or Non-Qualified Financing, the Borrower shall deliver to the Holder written notice of the same, notifying the Holder of the Qualified Financing (or the Non-Qualified Financing, as applicable) and any conversion to be effected, specifying the Financing Conversion Rate, the date on which such conversion is expected to occur and calling upon the Holder to surrender to the Borrower, in the manner and at the place designated herein, this Note. 
 Section 1.03. Conversion Procedure Settlement upon Conversion. 
 (a) Conversions Pursuant to Section 4.01. 
 (i) Subject to this Section 4.03 and Section 4.10, upon conversion of this Note pursuant to Section 4.01, the Borrower shall deliver to the Holder, in respect of each 1,000 principal amount of this Note being converted, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Fixed Conversion Rate, together with cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock in accordance with Section 4.04, on the second Business Day immediately following the relevant Fixed Conversion Date. This Note shall be deemed to have been converted immediately prior to the close of business on the date that the Holder has complied with the requirements set forth in Section 4.03(a)(ii) (a Fixed Conversion Date ). If any shares of Common Stock are due to the Holder pursuant to this Section 4.03(a), the Borrower shall issue or cause to be issued, and deliver to the Holder certificates with restrictive legend (or book-entry with restricted security notation on the books of the Borrower s transfer agent, as applicable) for the full number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled in satisfaction of the Borrower s Fixed Conversion Obligation. The Person in whose name the certificate with restrictive legend (or book-entry with restricted security notation on the books of the Borrower s transfer agent, if applicable) for any shares of Common Stock delivered upon conversion pursuant to this Section 4.03(a) is registered shall be treated as a shareholder of record as of the close of business on the relevant Fixed Conversion Date. 
 (ii) Subject to Section 4.05, before the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note pursuant to Section 4.01, the Holder shall (1) complete, manually sign and deliver an irrevocable notice to the Borrower as set forth in the Form of Notice of Conversion (or a facsimile thereof) (a Notice of Conversion to the Borrower and state in writing therein the principal amount of this Note to be converted and the name or names (with addresses) in which the Holder wishes the certificate or certificates with restrictive legend (or book-entry with restricted security notation on the books of the Borrower s transfer agent) for any shares of Common Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Fixed Conversion Obligation to be registered, (2) surrender this Note, duly endorsed to the Borrower or in blank (and accompanied by appropriate endorsement and transfer documents), to the Borrower, and (3) if required, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents. No Notice of Conversion with respect to this Note may be surrendered by the Holder if the Holder has also delivered a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice to the Borrower in respect of this Note and has not validly withdrawn such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice. 
 (b) Conversions Pursuant to Section 4.02 . Upon conversion of this Note pursuant to Section 4.02(a), the Borrower shall deliver to the Holder, in respect of each 1,000 principal amount of this Note being converted, a number of shares, units or notes, as applicable of Qualified Securities equal to the Financing Conversion Rate, together with 
 14 

cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share, unit or note in accordance with Section 4.04. The Holder hereby agrees to execute and deliver to the Borrower all transaction documents entered into by other purchasers participating in the relevant Qualified Financing, including any purchase agreement, any investor rights agreement and other ancillary agreements, with representations and warranties and transfer restrictions substantially similar to those provided by the investors in such Qualified Financing. The Holder also agrees to deliver the original of this Note (or a notice to the effect that the original Note has been lost, stolen or destroyed and an agreement acceptable to the Borrower whereby the Holder agrees to indemnify the Borrower from any loss incurred by it in connection with this Note) on or promptly following the relevant Financing Closing Date. The Borrower shall, as soon as practicable thereafter (but in any event with five Business Days of the closing of the Qualified Financing), issue and deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates (or a notice of issuance of uncertificated shares, units or notes, if applicable) for the applicable number of shares, units or notes, principal amount or liquidation preference, as applicable, of the Qualified Securities, in substantially the same form and manner as such Qualified Securities are delivered to investors in the applicable Qualified Financing together with cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share, unit or note in accordance with Section 4.04 (the Financing Conversion Obligation ). Any conversion of this Note pursuant to Section 4.02(a) shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the closing of the Qualified Financing (such date of closing, the Financing Conversion Date and on and after such Financing Conversion Date the Persons entitled to receive the Qualified Securities issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder of such Qualified Securities. 
 (c) In case this Note shall be subject to any partial conversion, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note in authorized denominations in an aggregate principal amount equal to the unconverted portion of this Note, without payment of any service charge by the Holder but, if required by the Borrower, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax or similar governmental charge required by law or that may be imposed in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Note issued upon such conversion being different from the name of the Holder of the old Note surrendered for such conversion. 
 (d) Except as provided in Section 4.07, no adjustment shall be made for dividends on any shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion of this Note as provided in this Article 4. 
 (e) Provisions of this Note that apply to conversion of this entire Note also apply to conversion of a portion of this Note. 
 (f) Any Conversion Obligation with respect to this Note shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of this Note (or specified portions thereof to the extent permitted thereby) so converted. 
 (g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Note, the Borrower shall not issue any shares of Common Stock or other Qualified Securities upon conversion of this Note pursuant to Section 4.01 or Section 4.02 if the issuance of such Common Stock or other Qualified Securities, together with any securities issued in connection with any other related transactions that may be considered part of the same series of transactions for purposes of the rules of Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, would exceed the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock or shares, units or notes, as applicable, of other Qualified Securities that the Borrower may issue in a transaction in compliance with the Borrower s obligations under the rules or regulations of Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (such aggregate number of shares, units or notes, as applicable, the Conversion Cap ), except that such 
 15 

limitation shall not apply if the Borrower s stockholders have approved issuances in excess of the Conversion Cap in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 
 (h) Upon any conversion, simultaneously with the Borrower s settlement of the applicable Conversion Obligation, the Borrower shall pay to the Holder a cash payment representing accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the relevant Conversion Date. 
 Section 1.04. Fractional Shares . The Borrower shall not issue any fractional share of Common Stock or any fractional share, unit or note of Qualified Securities upon conversion of this Note and shall instead pay cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock or any fractional share, unit or note of Qualified Securities issuable upon conversion based on the Last Reported Sale Price on the relevant Fixed Conversion Date (in the case of Common Stock deliverable in respect of any Fixed Conversion Obligation) or the purchase price of each share, unit or note of Qualified Securities paid by the investors in the relevant Qualified Financing (in the case of Qualified Securities deliverable in respect of any Financing Conversion Obligation). 
 Section 1.05. Taxes on Conversion . Except as provided in the next sentence, the Borrower shall pay any and all documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax due and duties on the issuance of Common Stock or Qualified Securities upon conversion of this Note pursuant hereto. The Holder shall be liable for and shall be required to pay any tax or duty which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue and delivery of Common Stock or Qualified Securities in a name other than that of the Holder, and no such issue or delivery shall be made unless the Person requesting such issue has paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or duty, or has established to the satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax or duty has been paid. 
 Section 1.06. Certain Covenants . (a) The Borrower covenants that all shares of Common Stock or other Qualified Securities issued upon conversion of this Note shall be (as applicable) newly issued, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their terms, and shall be free from preemptive or similar rights and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof. 
 (a) The Borrower covenants that, if any shares of Common Stock or other Qualified Securities to be provided for the purpose of conversion of this Note require registration with or approval of any governmental authority under any federal or state law before such shares of Common Stock or Qualified Securities may be validly issued upon conversion, the Borrower shall, to the extent then permitted by the rules and interpretations of the Commission, secure such registration or approval, as the case may be. 
 (b) The Borrower further covenants that if at any time the Common Stock or other Qualified Securities shall be listed on any national securities exchange or automated quotation system the Borrower will use reasonable best efforts to list and keep listed, so long as the Common Stock or such other Qualified Securities shall be so listed on such exchange or automated quotation system, any Common Stock or Qualified Securities issuable upon conversion of this Note. 
 (c) The Borrower shall reserve, free from preemptive rights, out of its authorized but unissued shares or shares held in treasury, sufficient shares of Common Stock to provide for conversion of this Note pursuant to Section 4.01 from time to time as this Note is presented for conversion. 
 16 

Section 1.07. Adjustment of Conversion Rate . The Fixed Conversion Rate shall be adjusted from time to time by the Borrower if any of the following events occurs, except that the Borrower shall not make any adjustments to the Fixed Conversion Rate if the Holder participates (other than in the case of (x) a share split or share combination or (y) a tender or exchange offer), at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding this Note, in any of the transactions described in this Section 4.07, without having to convert this Note, as if it held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Fixed Conversion Rate, multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in thousands) of this Note held by the Holder. 
 (a) If the Borrower issues shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on shares of Common Stock, or effects a share split or share combination of its Common Stock, the Fixed Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula 
 CR 1 CR 0 0S 1 

0S 0 
 
 where, 
 CR 0 the Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the Record Date for such dividend or distribution or immediately prior to the open of business on the effective date of such share split or share combination, as the case may be 
 CR 1 the Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the Record Date for such dividend or distribution or immediately after the open of business on the effective date of such share split or share combination, as the case may be 
 OS 0 the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the close of business on the Record Date for such dividend or distribution or immediately prior to the open of business on the effective date of such share split or share combination, as the case may be (before giving effect to any such dividend, distribution, split or combination) and 
 OS 1 the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or share combination, as the case may be. 
 Any adjustments made pursuant to this Section 4.07(a) shall become effective immediately after (x) the close of business on the Record Date for such dividend or distribution or (y) the open of business on the effective date of such split or combination, as applicable. If any dividend or distribution described in this Section 4.07(a) is declared but not so paid or made, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay such dividend or distribution, the new Fixed Conversion Rate shall again be adjusted to the Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. 
 (b) If the Borrower distributes to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock any rights, options or warrants entitling them to purchase, for a period of not more than 45 days after the announcement date for the distribution, shares of Common Stock at a price per share less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the ten consecutive Trading Day period ending on the Trading Day immediately 
 17 

preceding the announcement date for such distribution, the Fixed Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula 

CR 1 CR 0 0S 0 + X 

0S 0 + Y 
 
 where, 
 CR 0 the Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the Record Date for such distribution 
 CR 1 the Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the Record Date for such distribution 
 OS 0 the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the close of business on the Record Date for such distribution 
 X the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants and 
 Y the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants divided by the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the ten consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the announcement date for such distribution. 
 For purposes of this Section 4.07(b), in determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle the Holder to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the applicable ten consecutive Trading Day period, there shall be taken into account any consideration received by the Borrower for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise thereof, with the value of such consideration if other than cash, to be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 4.07(b) shall be made successively whenever any such rights, options or warrants are distributed and shall become effective immediately after the close of business on the Record Date for such distribution. To the extent that shares of Common Stock are not delivered after the expiration of such rights, options or warrants, the Fixed Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase with respect to the issuance of such rights, options or warrants been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered. If such rights, options or warrants are not so distributed, the Fixed Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if the Record Date for such distribution had not occurred. 
 (c) If the Borrower distributes shares of its Capital Stock, evidences of its indebtedness or other assets or property of the Borrower or rights, options or warrants to acquire its Capital Stock or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, excluding (i) dividends, distributions or issuances as to which an adjustment is effected in Section 4.07(a) or Section 4.07(b), (ii) dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash, as to which the provisions of Section 4.07(d) shall apply, (iii) dividends or distributions that constitute Reference Property following an event described in Section 4.10 
 18 

and (iv) Spin-Offs to which the provisions set forth below in this Section 4.07(c) shall apply (any of such shares of Capital Stock, evidences of indebtedness, other assets or property or rights, options or warrants to acquire Capital Stock or other securities, the Distributed Property ), then the Fixed Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula 
 CR 1 CR 0 x SP 0 
 SP 0 FMV 
 
 where, 
 CR 0 the Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the Record Date for such distribution 
 CR 1 the Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the Record Date for such distribution 
 SP 0 the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the ten consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution and 
 FMV the fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) of Distributed Property with respect to each outstanding share of Common Stock as of the close of business on the Record Date for such distribution. 
 Any adjustment made under the portion of this Section 4.07(c) above shall become effective immediately after the close of business on the Record Date for such distribution. If such distribution is not so paid or made, the Fixed Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if FMV as set forth above is equal to or greater than SP 0 as set forth above, in lieu of the foregoing adjustment, the Holder shall receive, in respect of each 1,000 principal amount of this Note, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of Common Stock receive the Distributed Property, the amount and kind of Distributed Property the Holder would have received if the Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the Record Date for the distribution. If the Board of Directors determines the FMV as set forth above of any distribution for purposes of this Section 4.07(c) by reference to the actual or when-issued trading market for any securities, it shall in doing so consider the prices in such market over the same period used in computing the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the ten consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. 
 
 With respect to an adjustment pursuant to this Section 4.07(c) where there has been a payment of a dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock of shares of the Capital Stock of any class or series, or similar equity interest, of or relating to a Subsidiary or other business unit that are, or, when issued, will be, listed or admitted for trading on a U.S. national securities exchange (a Spin-Off ), the Fixed Conversion Rate shall instead be adjusted based on the following formula 
 
 19 

CR 1 CR 0 FMV 0 + MP 0 
 MP 0 
 where, 
 CR 0 the Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the end of the Valuation Period 
 CR 1 the Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the end of the Valuation Period 
 FMV 0 the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Capital Stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of Common Stock applicable to one share of Common Stock (determined by reference to the definition of Last Reported Sale Price as set forth in Section 1.01 as if references therein to Common Stock were to such Capital Stock or similar equity interest) over the first ten consecutive Trading Day period immediately after, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date for such Spin-Off (such period, the Valuation Period and 
 MP 0 the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of Common Stock over the Valuation Period. 
 Such adjustment shall occur at the close of business on the last Trading Day of the Valuation Period provided that, for purposes of determining the Fixed Conversion Rate in respect of any conversion during the Valuation Period, references within the previous paragraph to ten shall be deemed replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of such Spin-Off to, and including, the Conversion Date. If any such dividend or distribution described in the preceding paragraph of this Section 4.07(c) is declared but not paid or made, the new Fixed Conversion Rate shall be readjusted to be the Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. 
 For purposes of this Section 4.07(c) (and subject in all respect to Section 4.13), rights, options or warrants distributed by the Borrower to all holders of its Common Stock entitling such holders to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Borrower s Capital Stock, including Common Stock (either initially or under certain circumstances), which rights, options or warrants, until the occurrence of a specified event or events Trigger Event (i) are deemed to be transferred with such shares of the Common Stock (ii) are not exercisable and (iii) are also issued in respect of future issuances of the Common Stock, shall be deemed not to have been distributed for purposes of this Section 4.07(c) (and no adjustment to the Fixed Conversion Rate under this Section 4.07(c) shall be required) until the occurrence of the earliest Trigger Event, whereupon such rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to have been distributed and an appropriate adjustment (if any is required) to the Fixed Conversion Rate shall be made under this Section 4.07(c). If any such right, option or warrant, including any such existing rights, options or warrants distributed prior to the date of this Note, are subject to events, upon the occurrence of which such rights, options or warrants become exercisable to purchase different securities, evidences of indebtedness or other assets, then the date of the occurrence of any and each such event shall be deemed to be the date of distribution and Record Date with respect to new rights, options or warrants with such rights (in which case the existing rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to terminate and expire on such date without exercise by any of the holders thereof). In addition, in the event of any distribution (or deemed distribution) of rights, options or warrants, or any Trigger Event or other event of the type described in the immediately preceding sentence with respect thereto that was counted for purposes of calculating a 
 20 

distribution amount for which an adjustment to the Fixed Conversion Rate under this Section 4.07(c) was made, (1) in the case of any such rights, options or warrants that shall all have been redeemed or purchased without exercise by any holders thereof, upon such final redemption or purchase (x) the Fixed Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options or warrants had not been issued and (y) the Fixed Conversion Rate shall then again be readjusted to give effect to such distribution, deemed distribution or Trigger Event, as the case may be, as though it were a cash distribution, equal to the per share redemption or purchase price received by a holder or holders of Common Stock with respect to such rights, options or warrants (assuming such holder had retained such rights, options or warrants), made to all holders of Common Stock as of the date of such redemption or purchase, and (2) in the case of such rights, options or warrants that shall have expired or been terminated without exercise by any holders thereof, the Fixed Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options and warrants had not been issued. 
 For purposes of Section 4.07(a), Section 4.07(b) and this Section 4.07(c), if any dividend or distribution to which this Section 4.07(c) is applicable also includes one or both of 
 (A) a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock to which Section 4.07(a) is applicable (the Clause A Distribution or 
 (B) a dividend or distribution of rights, options or warrants to which Section 4.07(b) is applicable (the Clause B Distribution ), 
 then, in either case, (1) such dividend or distribution, other than the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution, shall be deemed to be a dividend or distribution to which this Section 4.07(c) is applicable (the Clause C Distribution and any Fixed Conversion Rate adjustment required by this Section 4.07(c) with respect to such Clause C Distribution shall then be made, and (2) the Clause A Distribution and Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to immediately follow the Clause C Distribution and any Fixed Conversion Rate adjustment required by Section 4.07(a) and Section 4.07(b) with respect thereto shall then be made, except that, if determined by the Borrower (I) the Record Date of the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to be the Record Date of the Clause C Distribution and (II) any shares of Common Stock included in the Clause A Distribution or Clause B Distribution shall be deemed not to be outstanding immediately prior to the close of business on the Record Date for such dividend or distribution or immediately prior to the open of business on the effective date of such share split or share combination, as the case may be within the meaning of Section 4.07(a) or outstanding immediately prior to the close of business on the Record Date for such distribution within the meaning of Section 4.07(b). 
 (d) If any cash dividend or cash distribution is made to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock, the Fixed Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula 
 
 CR 1 CR 0 SP 0 
 SP 0 C 
 where, 
 CR 0 the Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the Record Date for such dividend or distribution 
 21 

CR 1 the Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the Record Date for such dividend or distribution 
 SP 0 the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution and 
 C the amount in cash per share of Common Stock the Borrower distributes to holders of Common Stock. 
 An adjustment to the Fixed Conversion Rate made pursuant to this Section 4.07(d) shall become effective immediately after the close of business on the Record Date for the applicable dividend or distribution. If any dividend or distribution described in this Section 4.07(d) is declared but not so paid or made, the new Fixed Conversion Rate shall be readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to make or pay such dividend or distribution, to the Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if C as set forth above is equal to or greater than SP 0 as set forth above, in lieu of the foregoing adjustment, the Holder shall receive, for each 1,000 principal amount of this Note, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of shares of Common Stock, the amount of cash that the Holder would have received if the Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Fixed Conversion Rate in effect on the Record Date for such cash dividend or distribution. 
 (e) If the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries makes a payment in respect of a tender or exchange offer for Common Stock, to the extent that the cash and value of any other consideration included in the payment per share of Common Stock exceeds the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the last date on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer (the Expiration Date ), the Fixed Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula 
 CR 1 CR 0 AC + SP 1 0S 1 
 0S 0 SP 1 
 where, 
 CR 0 the Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date 
 CR 1 the Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date 
 AC the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration (as determined by the Board of Directors) paid or payable for shares of Common Stock purchased in such tender offer or exchange offer 
 OS 0 the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to time (the Expiration Time such tender or exchange offer expires (prior to giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender offer or exchange offer) 
 22 

OS 1 the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the Expiration Time (after giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender offer or exchange offer) and 
 SP 1 the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date. 
 The adjustment to the Fixed Conversion Rate under this Section 4.07(e) shall become effective immediately following the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date provided that in respect of any conversion of this Note, if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date, references to 10 or 10th in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date to, and including, the Conversion Date in determining the Fixed Conversion Rate. 
 (f) For purposes of this Section 4.07, the number of shares of Common Stock at any time outstanding shall not include shares of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Borrower so long as the Borrower does not pay any dividend or make any distribution on shares of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Borrower, but shall include shares of Common Stock issuable in respect of scrip certificates issued in lieu of fractions of shares of Common Stock. 
 (g) All calculations under this Article 4 shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest 1 10,000th of a share, unit or note. 
 (h) If the application of the foregoing formulas in Section 4.07 would result in a decrease in the Fixed Conversion Rate, no adjustment to the Fixed Conversion Rate shall be made (except on account of share combinations). 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.07, the Fixed Conversion Rate shall not be adjusted 
 (i) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on securities of the Borrower and the investment of additional optional amounts in shares of Common Stock under any plan 
 (ii) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock or options or rights to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future employee, director or consultant benefit plan or program or employee stock purchase plan of, or assumed by, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries 
 (iii) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right, or exercisable, exchangeable or convertible security not described in clause (ii) above and outstanding as of the Issue Date 
 (iv) upon the issuance of Rights under a Rights Plan unless, prior to conversion, the Rights issued under such Rights Plan have separated from the Common Stock 
 23 

(v) for a change in the par value of the Common Stock 
 (vi) for accrued and unpaid interest or 
 (vii) solely on account of the purchase price, exchange price or conversion price in any Qualified Financing or Non-Qualified Financing being less than 1,000 divided by the Fixed Conversion Rate. 
 Section 1.08. Notice of Adjustment . Whenever the Fixed Conversion Rate is required to be adjusted pursuant to this Note, the Borrower shall promptly deliver to the Holder a notice of the adjustment, briefly stating the facts requiring the adjustment, the adjusted Fixed Conversion Rate and the manner of computing it. Failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
 Section 1.09. Notice of Certain Transactions . In the event that there is a dissolution or liquidation of the Borrower, the Borrower shall deliver to the Holder and provide to the Holder a written notice stating the proposed effective date. The Borrower shall deliver such notice at least 20 days before such proposed effective date. Failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of any transaction referred to in this Section 4.09. 
 Section 1.10. Effect of Reclassification, Consolidation, Merger or Sale On Conversion Privilege. 
 (a) If any of the following events occur 
 (i) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or combination) 
 (ii) any consolidation, merger, combination or similar transaction involving the Borrower 
 (iii) any sale, conveyance, lease or other transfer to any third party of all or substantially all of the consolidated property and assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or 
 (iv) any statutory share exchange, 
 in each case, as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) (any such event, a Merger Event ), then, at and after the effective time of such Merger Event, the right of the Holder to convert each 1,000 principal amount of this Note pursuant to Section 4.01(a) shall be changed into a right of the Holder to convert such principal amount of this Note into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that a holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Fixed Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Merger Event would have owned or been entitled to receive (the Reference Property , with each unit of Reference Property meaning the kind and amount of Reference Property that a holder of one share of Common Stock is entitled to receive) upon such Merger Event and, prior to or at the effective time of such Merger Event, this Note shall be deemed to provide for such change in the convertibility of this Note, including anti-dilution and other adjustments that shall be as nearly equivalent as is possible to the adjustments provided for in this Article 4, and the Borrower or the successor or purchasing 
 24 

Person, as the case may be, shall execute a supplement to this Note at such time to evidence the foregoing provided , however , that at and after the effective time of the Merger Event the number of shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable upon conversion of this Note pursuant to Section 4.03(a) shall instead be deliverable in the amount and type of Reference Property that a holder of that number of shares of Common Stock would have received in such Merger Event. 
 If the Merger Event causes the Common Stock to be converted into, or exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of shareholder election), then (i) the Reference Property into which this Note will be convertible shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration actually received by the holders of Common Stock and (ii) the unit of Reference Property for purposes of the immediately preceding paragraph shall refer to the consideration referred to in clause (i) attributable to one share of Common Stock. If the holders of the Common Stock receive only cash in such Merger Event, then for all conversions pursuant to Section 4.01(a) for which the relevant Fixed Conversion Date occurs after the effective date of such Merger Event (A) the consideration due upon conversion of each 1,000 principal amount of this Note shall be solely cash in an amount equal to the Fixed Conversion Rate in effect on the Fixed Conversion Date, multiplied by the price paid per share of Common Stock in such Merger Event and (B) the Borrower shall satisfy the Fixed Conversion Obligation by paying cash to the converting Holder on the second Business Day immediately following the relevant Fixed Conversion Date. The Borrower shall notify the Holder of such weighted average as soon as practicable after such determination is made but in no event later than the third (3rd) Business Day following the effective date of the Merger Event. 
 If, in the case of any Merger Event, the Reference Property includes shares of stock, securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) of a Person other than the successor or purchasing corporation, as the case may be, in such Merger Event, then an assumption of this Note shall also be executed by such other Person and shall contain such additional provisions to protect the interests of the Holder as the Board of Directors shall reasonably consider necessary by reason of the foregoing, including the provisions providing for the purchase rights set forth in Article 9. 
 (b) When this Note is modified or amended pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 4.10, the Borrower shall promptly provide to the Holder a notice briefly stating the reasons therefor, the kind or amount of cash, securities or property or asset that will comprise a unit of Reference Property after any such Merger Event, any adjustment to be made with respect thereto and that all conditions precedent have been complied with. Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of such modification or amendment to this Note. 
 (c) The Borrower shall not become a party to any Merger Event unless its terms are consistent with this Section 4.10. None of the foregoing provisions shall affect the right of the Holder to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 4.01(a) prior to the effective date of such Merger Event. 
 (d) The above provisions of this Section 4.10 shall similarly apply to successive Merger Events. 
 Section 1.11. Voluntary Increase Nasdaq Compliance . The Borrower from time to time may increase the Fixed Conversion Rate, to the extent permitted by law and subject to any applicable shareholder approval requirements pursuant to the listing standards of The Nasdaq Global Market or such other United States securities exchange on which the 
 25 

Common Stock is traded, by any amount for any period of at least 20 days, if the Board of Directors determines that such increase shall be in the Borrower s best interests. The Borrower may (but is not required to) make such increase in the Fixed Conversion Rate as the Board of Directors deems advisable to avoid or diminish any income tax to holders of Common Stock resulting from a dividend or distribution of stock, or rights to acquire stock, or similar event. The Borrower shall provide at least 15 days written notice to the Holder of any increase under this Section 4.11, and such notice shall state the increased Fixed Conversion Rate and the period during which it will be in effect. 
 Section 1.12. Adjustments of Prices . Whenever any provision of this Note requires the Borrower to calculate the Last Reported Sale Prices over a span of multiple days, the Borrower will make appropriate adjustments to the Last Reported Sale Prices to account for any adjustment to the Fixed Conversion Rate that becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the Fixed Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend Date, Record Date, effective date or expiration date of the event occurs at any time during the period when the Last Reported Sale Prices are to be calculated. The Borrower will provide a schedule of its calculations the Holder. 
 Section 1.13. Rights Plan . To the extent that the Borrower has a Rights Plan in effect upon conversion of this Note into Common Stock, the Holder shall receive upon conversion of this Note, the Rights under the Rights Plan, unless prior to conversion, the Rights have separated from the Common Stock, in which case, and only in such case, the Fixed Conversion Rate shall be adjusted at the time of separation as if the Borrower distributed to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock Distributed Property as described in Section 4.07(c) above, subject to readjustment in the event of the expiration, termination or redemption of such Rights. 
 Article 5 RESERVED 
 
 Article 6 Default and Remedies 
 Section 1.01. Events of Default . The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute an event of default (hereinafter Event of Default under this Note 
 (a) the Borrower fails to pay when due the principal of this Note at the Maturity Date, upon Optional Redemption, upon exercise of a repurchase right hereunder or otherwise 
 (b) the Borrower fails to pay an installment of interest on this Note for 30 days or more after the date when due 
 (c) the Borrower fails to deliver consideration due in respect of its Conversion Obligation upon conversion of this Note within the time periods specified in Section 4.03, and such failure continues for a period of three Business Days 
 26 

(d) the Borrower fails to provide a Fundamental Change Borrower Notice when due in accordance with Section 9.01 or a notice pursuant to Section 4.02(b) when due, and in either case such failure continues for a period of four Business Days 
 (e) the Borrower fails to comply with its obligations under Section 7.01 
 (f) the Borrower fails to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in this Note for a period of 60 days after written notice of such failure, requiring the Borrower to remedy the same, shall have been given to the Borrower by the Holder 
 (g) default by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument under which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for borrowed money in excess of 1,000,000 in the aggregate of the Borrower and or any such Subsidiary, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable, (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal or interest of any such debt when due and payable at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise or (iii) otherwise, which such default is not cured or remedied within the time prescribed by its governing documents or if no time is prescribed within twenty (20) Business Days 
 (h) a final judgment or judgments for the payment of 1,000,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) or more (excluding any amounts covered by insurance) in the aggregate rendered against the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower, which judgment is not discharged, bonded, paid, waived or stayed within 60 days after (i) the date on which the right to appeal thereof has expired if no such appeal has commenced, or (ii) the date on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished 
 (i) an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against the Borrower, any Guarantor or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of the Borrower s Subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the Borrower, such Guarantor or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of the Borrower s Subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of the Borrower, such Guarantor or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of the Borrower s Subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) or any substantial part of its property, and such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 30 consecutive days 
 (j) the Borrower, any Guarantor or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of the Borrower s Subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law 
 (i) commences as a debtor a voluntary case or proceeding 
 (ii) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case or proceeding or the commencement of any case against it 
 (iii) consents to the appointment of a Receiver of it or for all or substantially all of its property 
 27 

(iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors 
 (v) files a petition in bankruptcy or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief or 
 (vi) consents to the filing of such a petition or the appointment of or taking possession by a Receiver 
 (k) a Termination of Trading shall have occurred 
 (l) except as permitted in this Note, any Guarantee shall be held in any judicial proceeding to be unenforceable or invalid or shall cease for any reason to be in full force and effect, or any Guarantor, or any Person acting on its behalf, shall deny or disaffirm its obligations under its Guarantee 
 (m) the Security Agreement that purports to create a Lien, shall, for any reason, fail or cease to create, to the extent contemplated pursuant to the terms hereunder, a valid and perfected first-priority Lien on any material portion of the Collateral or 
 (n) the Liens granted on any of the Collateral under the Security Agreement with respect to this Note shall be determined to be void, voidable or invalid, are subordinated or are not given the priority contemplated by the Security Agreement or the Subscription Agreement. 
 The term Bankruptcy Law means Title 11 of the United States Code (or any successor thereto) or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. The term Receiver means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law. 
 Section 1.02. Acceleration of Maturity Rescission and Annulment . If an Event of Default with respect to the portion of this Note that is Outstanding (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(i) or Section 6.01(j) hereof in respect of the Borrower or any Guarantor) occurs and is continuing, the Holder may declare the portion of this Note that is Outstanding due and payable at its principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest, and thereupon the Holder may, at its discretion, proceed to protect and enforce its rights by the appropriate judicial proceedings. Such declaration may be rescinded and annulled by the written consent of the Holder. 
 If an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(i) or Section 6.01(j) hereof in respect of the Borrower or any Guarantor occurs and is continuing, then all unpaid principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the portion of this Note that is Outstanding shall become immediately due and payable, without any declaration or other act on the part of the Holder. 
 The Holder may rescind and annul an acceleration and its consequences if 
 (a) all existing Events of Default, other than the nonpayment of principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) of or interest on this Note which has become due solely because of the acceleration, have been remedied, cured or waived and 
 (b) the rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction 
 28 

provided , however , that in the event such declaration of acceleration has been made based on the existence of an Event of Default under Section 6.01(g) hereof and such Event of Default has been remedied, cured or waived in accordance with Section 6.01(g) hereof, then, without any further action by the Holder, such declaration of acceleration shall be rescinded automatically and the consequences of such declaration shall be annulled. No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 
 Section 1.03. Other Remedies . 
 (a) If an Event of Default with respect to the portion of this Note that is Outstanding occurs and is continuing, the Holder may (i) pursue any available remedy by proceeding at law or in equity to collect the payment of principal of, or interest on, this Note or to enforce the performance of any provision of this Note or Security Agreement, (ii) exercise on behalf of itself all rights and remedies available to it under this Note or Security Agreement, (iii) enter premises where the Collateral is located, take and maintain possession of any part of the Collateral, and pay, purchase, contest, or compromise any Lien which appears to be prior or superior to its Liens on the Collateral and pay all expenses incurred, (iv) ship, reclaim, recover, store, finish, maintain, repair, prepare for sale, advertise for sale, realize and sell the Collateral and or (v) exercise all rights and remedies available to the Holder under this Note, the Security Agreement or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC (including disposal of the Collateral pursuant to the terms thereof) or other applicable law provided that, to the extent any portion of the Collateral is subject to Export Control Regulations, the Holder agrees to comply with such applicable Export Control Regulations in all material respects in connection with the exercise of rights under this Article 6 against such portion of Collateral. 
 (b) The Borrower and each Guarantor grants the Holder (i) a license to enter and occupy any of its premises, without charge, to exercise any of the Holder s rights or remedies upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default and (ii) a non-exclusive, royalty-free license and right to use the labels, Patents (as defined in the Security Agreement), Copyrights (as defined in the Security Agreement), mask works, trade secrets, Trademarks (as defined in the Security Agreement), and advertising matter, or any similar property as it pertains to the Collateral, solely in completing production of, advertising for sale, and selling any Collateral and solely in connection with the Holder s exercise of its rights under this Article 6 or the Security Agreement. 
 Section 1.04. Waiver of Past Defaults . The Holder may waive an existing Default or Event of Default. Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of this Note provided , however , that no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or impair any right consequent thereon 
 Section 1.05. Unconditional Right of Holder to Receive Payment and to Convert . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Note, the Holder of this Note shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the principal amount (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and the Redemption Price, if applicable) and interest in respect of this Note, on or after the respective due dates expressed in this Note, and to convert this Note in accordance with Article 4, and to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after such respective due dates or for the right to convert in accordance with Article 4, and shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of the Holder. 
 29 

Section 1.06. Restoration of Rights and Remedies . If the Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Note and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Holder, then and in every such case, subject to any determination in such proceeding, the Borrower and the Holder shall be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Holder shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted. 
 Section 1.07. Rights and Remedies Cumulative . Except as otherwise provided with respect to the replacement or payment of a mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note in Section 12.13, no right or remedy conferred in this Note upon or reserved to the Holder of this Note is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy. 
 Section 1.08. Delay or Omission Not Waiver . No delay or omission of the Holder to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or any acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article 6 or by law to the Holder may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Holder. 
 Section 1.09. Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws . The Borrower covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim to take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Note and the Borrower (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law and covenants that it shall not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but shall suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted. 
 Article 7 Consolidations Merger Conveyance Transfer or Lease 
 Section 1.01. Consolidations Merger Conveyance Transfer or Lease. 
 (a) The Borrower may not, without the consent of the Holder, consolidate with, merge into or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another Person (other than a transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to one or more direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiaries) (a Business Combination Event unless 
 (i) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person either (1) is the Borrower or (2) if not the Borrower, is a Qualified Successor Entity (such Qualified Successor Entity, the Successor Entity organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof or the District of Columbia that expressly assumes, by an assignment and assumption agreement, executed and delivered to the Holder, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Holder, the obligations of the Borrower under this Note and the Security Agreement and 
 30 

(ii) at the time of, and after giving effect to, such Business Combination Event, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 Section 1.02. Successor Substituted . At the effective time of any Business Combination Event that complies with Section 7.01, the Successor Entity (if not the Borrower) shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, Borrower under this Note with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as the Borrower herein, and thereafter, except in the case of a lease, and except for obligations the predecessor Person may have under an assignment and assumption agreement, the predecessor Person shall be relieved of all obligations and covenants under the this Note. 
 Article 8 tax treatment 
 Section 1.01. Tax Treatment. Each of the Borrower and the Holder agree to treat this Note as debt for U.S. federal and other applicable income tax purposes and to perform all tax reporting, withholding and other tax compliance in manner consistent with such treatment unless otherwise required pursuant to a determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code. Payments under this Note shall be made net of any applicable withholding tax (and, for the avoidance of doubt, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Note as having been paid to the person in respect of whom such withholding was made). 
 Article 9 Repurchase of Note Upon a Fundamental Change 
 Section 1.01. Repurchase of Note at Option of the Holder Upon a Fundamental Change. 
 (a) If a Fundamental Change occurs prior to the Maturity Date, the Holder shall have the right, at the option of the Holder, to require the Borrower to repurchase all or any portion of this Note at the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, on the date specified by the Borrower that is not less than twenty (20) days and not more than thirty-five (35) days after the date of the Fundamental Change Borrower Notice pursuant to Section 9.01(b) (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date ). The Holder may require the Borrower to repurchase fewer than all of the entire principal amount of this Note only if the principal amount of this Note to be repurchased is an integral multiple of 1,000. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Note may not be repurchased by the Borrower on any date at the option of the Holders upon a Fundamental Change if the principal amount of this Note has been accelerated, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to such date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Borrower in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to this Note). 
 (c) On or before the 15th day after the Fundamental Change Effective Date, the Borrower shall deliver a written notice of the occurrence of the Fundamental Change, and of the repurchase right arising therefrom, to the Holder at the notice address in Section 12.01 (the Fundamental Change Borrower Notice ). The Fundamental Change Borrower Notice shall set forth the Holder s right to require the Borrower to purchase this Note and specify 
 31 

(i) the events causing such Fundamental Change 
 (ii) the Fundamental Change Effective Date 
 (iii) the last date by which the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice must be delivered to elect the repurchase option pursuant to this Section 9.01 
 (iv) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price 
 (v) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date 
 (vi) that if a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice has been delivered by a Holder, this Note may be converted only if the Holder withdraws the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with the terms of this Note and 
 (vii) the procedures that the Holder must follow to require the Borrower to repurchase this Note under this Section 9.01. 
 No failure of the Borrower to give the foregoing notices or defect therein shall limit the Holder s right to exercise its right to cause the Borrower to repurchase this Note pursuant to this Section 9.01. 
 (d) Repurchases of the principal of this Note under this Article 9 shall be made upon delivery to the Borrower by the Holder of a duly completed notice (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in the form set forth in the Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in Attachment 2 to this Note before the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. 
 Each Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice shall state 
 (i) the portion of the principal amount of this Note to be repurchased, which must be 1,000 or an integral multiple thereof provided that any portion of this Note not to be repurchased is in the minimum principal amount of 1,000) and 
 (ii) that this Note is to be repurchased by the Borrower pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Note. 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall have the right to withdraw, in whole or in part, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date by delivery of a written notice of withdrawal to the Borrower in accordance with Section 9.02. 
 Section 1.02. Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice. 
 (a) A Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice may be withdrawn (in whole or in part) by means of a written notice of withdrawal delivered to the Borrower in accordance with this Section 9.02 at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date specifying 
 (i) the principal amount of this Note with respect to which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted and 
 32 

(ii) the principal amount, if any, of this Note that remains subject to the original Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice, which portion must be in principal amounts of 1,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000 provided that any portion of this Note not to be repurchased is in the minimum principal amount of 1,000). 
 Section 1.03. Note Repurchased In Part. Upon surrender of the portion of this Note that is to be repurchased only in part in accordance with Section 9.01, and promptly after the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to the Holder, without service charge, a new Note, of such authorized denomination or denominations as may be requested by the Holder (which must be an integral multiple of 1,000 and which must be at least 1,000), in aggregate principal amount equal to, and in exchange for, the portion of the principal amount of this Note so surrendered that is not repurchased. 
 Section 1.04. Payment of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price . The Borrower shall pay the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for this Note (or the applicable portion thereof) surrendered for repurchase (and not validly withdrawn prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date) on the later of (i) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and (ii) the time of the delivery of this Note to the Borrower by the Holder. 
 Section 1.05. Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase of Note . In connection with any repurchase offer pursuant to this Article 9, the Borrower shall, if required 
 (a) comply with the provisions of Rule 13e-4, Rule 14e-1 and any other tender offer rules under the Exchange Act 
 (b) file a Schedule TO or any successor or similar schedule and 
 (c) otherwise comply with all federal and state securities laws in connection with any offer by the Borrower to repurchase this Note 
 in each case, so as to permit the rights and obligations under this Article 9 to be exercised in the time and in the manner specified in this Article 9. 
 Article 10 REDEMPTION 
 Section 1.01. Optional Redemption . The Borrower may redeem (a Borrower Optional Redemption for cash all or any portion of this Note at the Redemption Price. The Holder may require the Borrower to redeem (a Holder Optional Redemption for cash all or any portion of this Note at the Redemption Price. 
 Section 1.02. Notice of Optional Redemption. 
 (a) In case the Borrower exercises its Borrower Optional Redemption right to redeem all or any part of this Note pursuant to Section 10.01, it shall fix a date for redemption (each, a Borrower Redemption Date and it shall deliver or cause to be delivered a notice of such Borrower Optional Redemption (a Borrower Redemption Notice not less than 20 nor more than 60 calendar days prior to the Borrower Redemption Date to the Holder. The Borrower Redemption Date must be a Business Day. 
 33 

(b) Each Borrower Redemption Notice shall specify 
 (i) the Borrower Redemption Date 
 (ii) the Redemption Price 
 (iii) that on the Borrower Redemption Date, the Redemption Price will become due and payable upon this Note to be redeemed, and that interest thereon, if any, shall cease to accrue on and after the Borrower Redemption Date 
 (iv) that the Holder may surrender this Note for conversion at the Fixed Conversion Rate at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Borrower Redemption Date 
 (v) the procedures the Holder must follow to convert this Note 
 (vi) the Fixed Conversion Rate 
 (vii) in case this Note is to be redeemed in part only, the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed and on and after the Borrower Redemption Date, upon surrender of this Note, a new Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof shall be issued. 
 A Borrower Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable. 
 (c) In case the Holder exercises its Holder Optional Redemption right to require the Borrower to redeem all or any part of this Note pursuant to Section 10.01, it shall fix a date for redemption (each, a Holder Redemption Date and it shall deliver or cause to be delivered a notice of such Holder Optional Redemption (a Holder Redemption Notice not less than two Business Days nor more than 60 calendar days prior to the Holder Redemption Date to the Borrower. The Holder Redemption Date must be a Business Day. Each Holder Redemption Notice shall specify the Holder Redemption Date. 
 Section 1.03. Payment of Redemption Price . If any Borrower Notice of Redemption or Holder Notice of Redemption, as applicable, has been given in respect of this Note in accordance with Section 10.02, this Note (or the applicable portion thereof) shall become due and payable on the relevant Redemption Date at the applicable Redemption Price. On presentation and surrender of this Note to the Borrower, this Note (or the applicable portion thereof) shall be paid and redeemed by the Borrower at the applicable Redemption Price. 
 Section 1.04. Note Redeemed in Part . Upon surrender of the portion of this Note that is to be redeemed only in part in accordance with Section 10.01, and promptly after the relevant Redemption Date, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to the Holder, without service charge, a new Note, of such authorized denomination or denominations as may be requested by the Holder (which must be an integral multiple of 1,000 and which must be at least 1,000), in aggregate principal amount equal to, and in exchange for, the portion of the principal amount of this Note so surrendered that is not redeemed. 
 Section 1.05. Restrictions on Redemption . The Borrower may not redeem any portion of this Note on any date if the principal amount of this Note has been accelerated in accordance with the terms of this Note, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to the Redemption Date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Borrower in the payment of the Redemption Price with respect to this Note). 
 34 

Article 11 GUARANTEE 
 Section 1.01. Subsidiary Guarantees . (a) Subject to this Article 11, each Guarantor hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally guarantees to the Holder, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of this Note, the Security Agreement or the obligations of the Borrower hereunder or thereunder, that 
 (i) the principal of (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) and interest on, this Note, and the payment and, if applicable, delivery of any consideration due upon conversion of this Note, shall be promptly paid and, if applicable, delivered in full when due under this Note, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon repurchase, upon redemption, upon conversion or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price, if applicable) and interest on this Note, if any, if lawful, and all other payment and, if applicable, delivery obligations of the Borrower to the Holder hereunder or under the Security Agreement shall be promptly paid and, if applicable, delivered in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof and 
 (ii) in case of any extension of time of payment or, if applicable, delivery or renewal of this Note or any of such other obligations, that same shall be promptly paid and, if applicable, delivered in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, upon redemption, upon conversion or otherwise. 
 Failing payment or, if applicable, delivery when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantors shall be jointly and severally obligated to pay and, if applicable, deliver the same immediately. Each Guarantor agrees that this is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of collection. 
 (a) The Guarantors hereby agree that their obligations hereunder are unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of this Note, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by the Holder with respect to any provisions hereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Borrower, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a guarantor. Each Guarantor hereby waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Borrower, any right to require a proceeding first against the Borrower, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenant that this Guarantee shall not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in this Note or upon the release of such Guarantee pursuant to Section 11.06. 
 (b) If the Holder is required by any court or otherwise to return to the Borrower, the Guarantors or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to either the Borrower or the Guarantors, any amount paid or, if applicable, delivered by the Borrower or the Guarantors to the Holder, this Guarantee, to the extent theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in full force and effect. 
 (c) Each Guarantor agrees that it shall not be entitled to any right of subrogation in relation to the Holder in respect of any obligations guaranteed hereby until payment and, if applicable, delivery in full of all obligations guaranteed hereby. Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Holder, on the other hand, 
 35 

(1) the maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article 6 for the purposes of this Guarantee, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby, and (2) in the event of any declaration of acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article 6, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for the purpose of Guarantees. The Guarantors shall have the right to seek contribution from any non-paying or, if applicable, non-delivering Guarantor so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holder under the Guarantees. 
 Section 1.02. Limitation on Guarantor Liability . Each Guarantor, and by its acceptance of this Note, the Holder, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Guarantee of such Guarantor not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Title 11, U.S. Code or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to such Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Holder and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of such Guarantor shall be limited to the maximum amount that shall, after giving effect to such maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor that are relevant under such laws, and after giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments and, if applicable, deliveries made by or on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under this Article 11, result in the obligations of such Guarantor under its Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance. 
 Section 1.03. Execution and Delivery of Guarantee . Each Guarantor hereby agrees that its Guarantee set forth in Section 11.01 shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on this Note a notation of such Guarantee. 
 Section 1.04. Consolidations Merger Conveyance Transfer or Lease by Guarantors . Each Guarantor may not, without the consent of the Holder, consolidate with, merge into or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the property and assets of such Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another Person (other than a transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of such Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to the Borrower or one or more direct or indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of the Borrower) (a Guarantor Business Combination Event unless 
 (i) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the Successor Guarantor either (1) is such Guarantor or (2) if not such Guarantor, is organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof or the District of Columbia and is treated as the same type of entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes as such Guarantor and expressly assumes, by an assignment and assumption agreement, executed and delivered to the Holder, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Holder, the obligations of such Guarantor under its Guarantee and 
 (ii) at the time of, and after giving effect to, such Guarantor Business Combination Event, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 Section 1.05. Successor Guarantor Substituted . At the effective time of any Guarantor Business Combination Event that complies with Section 11.04 the Successor Guarantor (if not the Guarantor) shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, such Guarantor under this Note with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as a Guarantor herein, and thereafter, except in the case of 
 36 

a lease, and except for obligations the predecessor Person may have under an assignment and assumption agreement, the predecessor Person shall be relieved of all obligations and covenants under the this Note. 
 Section 1.06. Releases . The Guarantee of any Guarantor will be automatically released 
 (a) in connection with any sale, conveyance or transfer of all or substantially all of the consolidated properties and assets of such Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (including by way of consolidation or merger) (other than to the Borrower or one or more direct or indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of the Borrower) in compliance with Section 11.04 
 (b) in connection with any sale, disposition or transfer of all of the Capital Stock of such Guarantor to a Person (other than to the Borrower or one or more direct or indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of the Borrower) or 
 (c) upon satisfaction and discharge of this Note. 
 
 Article 12 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 1.01. Notices . All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Note shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon the earlier of actual receipt or refusal, when given by (a) personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) electronic mail or facsimile during normal business hours of the recipient, with verification of receipt, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipient s next Business Day, (c) registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next Business Day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the respective parties at the addresses set forth below 
 If to the Holder 
 Virgin Investments Limited 
 Craigmuir Chambers 
 Road Town, Tortola VG 1110 
 British Virgin Islands 
 Email 
 Tel 
 
 w copy to 
 
 Virgin Management USA, Inc. 
 65 Bleecker St., 6 th Floor 
 New York, NY 10012 
 Attn General Counsel 
 Email 
 Tel 
 If to the Borrower or to any Guarantor 
 37 

Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. 4022 E. Conant Street 
 Long Beach, CA 90808 
 Telephone 
 Attention Chief Financial Officer 
 E-Mail 
 
 with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to 
 
 Derrick Boston, Chief Legal Officer 
 Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. 
 4022 E. Conant Street 
 Long Beach, CA 90808 
 Telephone E-Mail 
 
 Latham & Watkins LLP 
 650 Town Center Drive, 20th Floor 
 Costa Mesa, CA 92626-1925 
 Telephone 
 Attention Drew Capurro 
 Email 

Any party may change the address for notices by providing written notice to the party in accordance with this Section 12.01. Any notice sent by electronic mail shall only be valid if an original of such notice was subsequently received by the notified party, in which case such notice shall be deemed received at such time specified above. Any such notice may be given on behalf of a party hereto by such party s counsel, or by any other person authorized in writing by such party. 
 Section 1.02. Counterparts . This Note may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g. , www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 Section 1.03. GOVERNING LAW Jurisdiction . THIS NOTE (INCLUDING, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE GUARANTEES INCLUDED HEREIN) AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS NOTE (INCLUDING, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE GUARANTEES INCLUDED HEREIN), SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS PROVISIONS THEREOF TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH PROVISIONS WOULD RESULT IN THE SELECTION OF THE LAW OF A DIFFERENT JURISDICTION AS THE GOVERNING LAW OF THIS NOTE. 
 The Borrower and each Guarantor irrevocably consents and agrees, for the benefit of the Holder from time to time of this Note, that any legal action, suit or proceeding against it with respect to obligations, liabilities or any other matter arising out of or in connection with this Note (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Guarantees included herein) may be brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts 
 38 

of the United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and, until amounts due and to become due in respect of this Note have been paid, hereby irrevocably consents and submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of each such court in personam, generally and unconditionally with respect to any action, suit or proceeding for itself in respect of its properties, assets and revenues. 
 The Borrower and each Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Note (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Guarantees included herein) brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 Section 1.04. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH OF THE BORROWER, EACH GUARANTOR AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS NOTE (INCLUDING, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE GUARANTEES INCLUDED HEREIN). 
 Section 1.05. Legal Holidays . In any case where any Interest Payment Date, Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, Conversion Date or Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then any action to be taken on such date need not be taken on such date, but may be taken on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if taken on such date, and no interest shall accrue for the period from and after such date. 
 Section 1.06. Reserved. 
 Section 1.07. Benefits of Note . Nothing in this Note, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Note. 
 Section 1.08. Headings . The headings of the sections of this Note are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof. 
 Section 1.09. Successors and Assigns . Subject to the limitations contained herein, this Note shall be binding upon the Borrower, and its respective successors and assigns (including by merger, consolidation, amalgamation or otherwise), and shall inure to the benefit of the Holder, and its designees, successors and assigns. This Note may not be assigned by the Borrower without the prior written consent of the Holder. 
 Section 1.10. Registered Form . This Note is registered with respect to principal and interest and any transfer of this Note may be effected only by the surrender of this Note to the Borrower and either the reissuance of this Note by the Borrower and or the issuance of a new Note by the Borrower to the transferee. 
 Section 1.11. Amendment Waiver . The terms and conditions of this Note shall not be amended, changed, terminated or waived except by a writing, duly executed by the Borrower and the Majority Holders. Upon the effectuation of such amendment, change, termination or waiver with the consent of the Majority Holders in conformance with this Section 12.11, such amendment, change, termination or waiver shall be effective as to, and 
 39 

binding against the Holder of this Note and the holders of all of the Senior Secured Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreement. The Borrower shall promptly give written notice of any such amendment, change, termination or waiver to the Holder if the Holder has not previously consented to such amendment, change, termination or waiver in writing provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such amendment, change, termination or waiver. Notwithstanding the foregoing (a) if any amendment, change, termination or waiver materially and adversely treats one or more holders of the Senior Secured Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreement in a manner that is disproportionate to such treatment of all other holders, such amendment, change, termination or waiver shall also require the written consent of holders disproportionately treated and (b) no such amendment, change, termination or waiver shall (i) make any change to this Section 12.11, (ii) reduce the amount of Senior Secured Convertible Notes whose holders must consent to an amendment, change, termination or waiver, (iii) reduce the rate of or extend the stated time for payment of interest on this Note, (iv) reduce the principal of or extend the Maturity Date of this Note, (v) make any change that adversely affects the conversion rights of this Note, (vi) reduce the Redemption Price or the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price (or amend or modify in any manner adverse to the Holder the Borrower s obligation to make such payments), or (vii) other than in accordance with the terms of this Note, eliminate any Guarantee, in each case, without the written consent of the Holder. 
 Section 1.12. Severability . In the event any one or more of the provisions contained in this Note shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision hereof, and this Note shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
 Section 1.13. Lost, Mutilated or Stolen Note . Upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note and, in the case of any such mutilation, upon the surrender of this Note to the Borrower at its principal office, the Borrower will execute and deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Note of like tenor containing the same terms as this Note, dated so that there will be no loss of interest on such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note. Any Note in lieu of which any such new Note has been so executed and delivered by the Borrower shall not be deemed to be an Outstanding Note for any purpose. If the Holder applies for a substituted Note, the Holder shall furnish to the Borrower such security or indemnity as may be required by the Borrower to save the Borrower harmless from any loss, liability, cost or expense caused by or connected with such substitution, and, in case of destruction, loss or theft, the Holder shall also furnish to the Borrower evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof. Every substitute Note issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 12.13 by virtue of the fact that any old Note is destroyed, lost or stolen shall constitute an additional contractual obligation of the Borrower, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be found at any time. 
 Section 1.14. Calculations . Except as explicitly stated herein, the Borrower shall be responsible for making all calculations required pursuant to this Note, including, without limitation, calculations with respect to determinations of the Last Reported Sale Price, accrued interest payable on this Note, the Fixed Conversion Rate and the Financing Conversion Rate. The Borrower shall make all such calculations in good faith and, absent manifest error, the Borrower s calculations shall be binding on the Holder. The Borrower shall provide a written schedule of such calculations to the Holder upon the Holder s written request. 
 40 

Section 1.15. No Personal Liability of Shareholders, Employees, Officer or Directors . No director, officer, employee, incorporator or shareholder of the Borrower, as such, will have any liability for any obligation of the Borrower under this Note or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligation or its creation. By accepting this Note, the Holder waives and releases all such liability as part of the consideration for issuance of this Note. 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 
 
 41 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Senior Secured Convertible Note as of the date first set forth above. 
 
 BORROWER 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 By s Dan Hart Name Dan Hart Title CEO 

Signature Page to Senior Secured Convertible Note 

GUARANTORS 
 VIECO USA, INC. 
 By s Dan Hart Name Dan Hart Title CEO 

VIRGIN ORBIT, LLC By s Dan Hart Name Dan Hart Title CEO 

VIRGIN ORBIT NATIONAL SYSTEMS, LLC By s Mark Baird Name Mark Baird Title President, Virgin Orbit National Systems 

JACM HOLDINGS, INC. By s Dan Hart Name Dan Hart Title CEO 

Signature Page to Senior Secured Convertible Note 

HOLDER 
 VIRGIN INVESTMENTS LIMITED 
 By s Kerry Graziola Name Kerry Graziola Title Alternate Director 

Signature Page to Senior Secured Convertible Note 

Article 1 
 ATTACHMENT 1 
 FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION Senior Secured Convertible Note 
 To Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. 
 Pursuant to Section 4.01 of this Note, the undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby exercises the option to convert this Note, or the portion hereof provided that (i) such portion is an integral multiple of 1,000 principal amount and (ii) the portion of this Note not to be converted is not less than 1,000 in principal amount), below designated, and Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. (the Borrower ), shall deliver shares of Common Stock, together with a cash payment, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock, in accordance with the terms of this Note and accrued and unpaid interest on the converted principal amount of this Note to, but excluding, the Conversion Date, and directs that any consideration issuable and deliverable upon such conversion, and the portion of this Note representing any unconverted principal amount hereof, be issued and delivered to the Holder unless a different name has been indicated below. If any shares of Common Stock or any portion of this Note not converted are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto. 
 Date Signature(s) 
 
 Signature Guarantee 
 
 Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if shares of Common Stock are to be issued, or Notes to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered Holder. 
 
 1 

Fill in for registration of shares if to be issued, and Note if to be delivered, other than to and in the Holder 
 
 (Name) 
 
 (Street Address) 
 
 (City, State and Zip Code Please print name and address 

Principal amount to be converted (if less than all) ,000 
 NOTICE The above signature(s) of the Holder hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of this Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 
 Social Security or Other Taxpayer Identification Number 

2 

ATTACHMENT 2 
 FORM OF FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE REPURCHASE NOTICE Senior Secured Convertible Note 
 To Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. 
 The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. (the Borrower as to the occurrence of a Fundamental Change with respect to the Borrower and specifying the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby instructs the Borrower to pay to the registered Holder hereof in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Note (1) the entire principal amount of this Note, or the portion thereof provided that (i) such portion is an integral multiple of 1,000 principal amount and (ii) the portion of this Note not to be repurchased is not less than 1,000 in principal amount) below designated, and (2) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. 
 Date Signature(s) 
 
 Social Security or Other Taxpayer Identification Number 
 
 Principal amount to be converted (if less than all) ,000 
 NOTICE The above signature(s) of the Holder hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of this Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 

3 

ATTACHMENT 3 
 FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER 
 For value received hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto (Please insert social security or Taxpayer Identification Number of assignee) the within Note, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints attorney to transfer the said Note on the books of the Borrower, with full power of substitution in the premises. 
 In connection with any transfer of the within Note, the undersigned shall comply with the requirements of this Note applicable to such transfer and confirms that this Note is being transferred 
 To Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. or a subsidiary thereof or 
 Pursuant to the registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or 
 Pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or 
 Pursuant to another available exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Date Signature(s) Signature Guarantee 
 
 Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if shares of Common Stock are to be issued, or Notes to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered Holder. 
 NOTICE The signature on the assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of this Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 
 
 4 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 vorb_20221231xex101-subscr.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

Execution Version 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 

SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE DUE 2024 
 SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 

February 28, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 Article 1 Authorization and Sale of the note securities 
 Section 1.01 Authorization of the Note Securities. 
 1 
 Section 1.02 Sale of Note Securities. 
 2 
 Article 2 Closing Date Delivery 
 Section 2.01 Closing Date . 
 2 
 Section 2.02 Delivery and Payment. 
 2 
 Article 3 Representations and Warranties of the Company and the guarantors 
 Section 3.01 Organization and Standing. 
 2 
 Section 3.02 Corporate Power. 
 3 
 Section 3.03 Governmental Consents, Etc. 
 3 
 Section 3.04 Noncontravention. 
 3 
 Section 3.05 Authorization. 
 4 
 Section 3.06 The Note Securities. 
 4 
 Section 3.07 Underlying Securities. 
 4 
 Section 3.08 Security Interest. 
 4 
 Section 3.09 SEC Reports. 
 5 
 Section 3.10 Capitalization. 
 6 
 Section 3.11 Litigation. 
 6 
 Section 3.12 Registration Rights. 
 6 
 Section 3.13 Placement. 
 7 
 Section 3.14 Internal Controls. 
 7 
 Section 3.15 Certain Transactions. 
 7 
 Section 3.16 Absence of Certain Changes. 
 7 
 Section 3.17 Acknowledgment Regarding Purchaser's Purchase of Securities. 
 7 
 Section 3.18 Related Party Transaction. 
 8 
 Section 3.19 Reserved . 
 8 
 Section 3.20 Transactions Not Enjoined. 
 8 

Article 4 Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers 
 Section 4.01 Organization and Standing. 
 8 
 Section 4.02 Authorization . 
 9 
 Section 4.03 Noncontravention. 
 9 
 Section 4.04 Accredited Investor. 
 9 
 Section 4.05 No Government Review. 
 9 
 Section 4.06 Investment Experience. 
 9 
 Section 4.07 Investment Intent Blue Sky. 
 10 
 Section 4.08 Rule 144. 
 10 
 Section 4.09 Restrictions on Transfer Restrictive Legends. 
 10 
 Section 4.10 Access to Information. 
 1 0 
 Section 4.11 No General Solicitation. 
 11 
 Section 4.12 Purchaser s Counsel. 
 11 
 Section 4.13 Tax Liability. 
 11 
 Article 5 Covenants 
 Section 5.01 Transfer Restrictions Legends . 
 11 
 Section 5.02 Confidentiality MNPI . 
 11 
 Section 5.03 Securities Law Disclosure. 
 12 
 Section 5.04 Section 16 Matters. 
 13 
 Section 5.05 Acknowledgment of Registration Rights. 
 13 
 Article 6 INDEMNIFICATION 
 Section 6.01 Survival of Representations and Warranties. 
 13 
 Section 6.02 Indemnification. 
 13 
 Article 7 Miscellaneous 
 Section 7.01 Entire Agreement Amendment Assignment. 
 14 
 Section 7.02 Notices. 
 14 
 Section 7.03 Governing Law . 
 15 
 Section 7.04 Jurisdiction. 
 15 
 
 ii 

Section 7.05 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 
 16 
 Section 7.06 Delays or Omissions. 
 15 
 Section 7.07 Finder s Fees. 
 16 
 Section 7.08 Expenses. 
 16 
 Section 7.09 Counterparts. 
 16 
 Section 7.10 Severability. 
 16 
 Section 7.11 Titles and Subtitles. 
 17 

EXHIBIT A Form of Note 
 
 EXHIBIT B Security Agreement 
 
 EXHIBIT C Form of Note Document Designation Notice 
 
 iii 

VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE DUE 2024 SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
 This agreement (the Agreement is made effective as of February 28, 2023 by and among Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), the Guarantors (as defined herein) and Virgin Investments Limited VIL or the Purchaser ). 
 R E C I T A L S 
 WHEREAS, the Purchaser desires to purchase, and the Company and each Guarantor desires to issue and sell the Note Securities (as defined herein) described in this Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 WHEREAS, the Purchaser, the Company and the Guarantors, in connection with the purchase and sale of the Note Securities, and as a condition to Purchaser s willingness to purchase the Note Securities, are entering into an amendment to certain existing securities (the Existing Notes to align certain terms of such Existing Notes with the Note Securities (the Existing Notes Amendment ). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises hereof and the agreements set forth herein below, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 Article 1 
 AUTHORIZATION AND SALE OF THE NOTE SECURITIES 
 
 Article 1 Authorization of the Note Securities. The Company has authorized the sale and issuance of a Senior Secured Note due 2024 (the Note ), and each Guarantor (as defined in such Note) has, authorized its unconditional and irrevocable guarantee of the Company s obligations under the Note (each a Guarantee, and the Guarantees, together with the Note, the Note Securities ), and the Company and each Guarantor has granted a security interest in the Collateral (as defined in the security agreement attached as Exhibit B and dated as of January 30, 2023, (the Security Agreement )) pursuant to which the obligations of the Company and each Guarantor under the Note and each Guarantee, respectively, are to be secured (the Security Interest ). The Form of Note, including the Guarantees is attached hereto as Exhibit A , and each of the Note and this Agreement is designated as a Note Document under the Security Agreement pursuant to that certain Note Document Designation Notice dated as of the date hereof in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Designation Notice ). The Note will be convertible into (a) the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock or (b) in certain circumstances and upon the satisfaction of certain conditions specified in the Note, Common Stock or securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, Common Stock (together, Qualified Securities ). Common Stock that may be issued upon conversion of the Note is referred to herein as Underlying Common Stock and Qualified Securities (including Common Stock) that may be issued upon any conversion are referred to herein as Underlying Securities ). The Company has authorized the sale and issuance of the 

Underlying Securities as set forth herein. The Note Securities and the Underlying Securities are referred to herein as the Securities . 
 Section 1.01 Sale of Note Securities. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Company and the Guarantors will issue and sell to the Purchaser the Note Securities, and the Purchaser will buy from the Company and the Guarantors, the Note Securities. The Note will be issued in an aggregate principal amount of 5,000,000, and the purchase price for the Note will be 5,000,000 (the Purchase Price ). 
 Article 2 CLOSING DATE DELIVERY 
 Section 2.01 Closing Date . 
 (a) The purchase and sale of the Note Securities to the Purchaser shall be consummated at a closing (the Closing to be held at the offices of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, 450 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10017 at 10 00 a.m., Eastern Time, on the date hereof (the Closing Date ), upon the physical or electronic exchange among the parties and their counsel of all documents and deliverables required under this Agreement. 
 Section 2.02 Delivery and Payment. At the Closing, the Company will issue the Note Securities, against payment of the Purchase Price therefor by wire transfer of immediately available funds per the Company s instructions, and the Company shall cause the Note Securities (or book entry positions representing the Note Securities) to be registered in the name of the Purchaser. 
 Article 3 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY AND THE GUARANTORS 
 Except as set forth in the SEC Reports (as defined below), the Company and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, hereby represent and warrant to the Purchaser that 
 Section 3.01 Organization and Standing. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the state of Delaware, with corporate power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as now conducted. Each subsidiary of the Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporate entity in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in such good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. A Material Adverse Effect shall mean any material adverse effect on (i) the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, prospects or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith or (iii) the authority or the ability of the Company or any Guarantor to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the Note Securities. 
 Section 3.02 Corporate Power. The Company has all requisite legal and corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Note, the Security Agreement and the other Security Documents (as defined in the Security 
 2 

Agreement), the Designation Notice and the Existing Notes Amendment (together, the Company Transaction Agreements ), to sell and issue the Note, to issue the Underlying Common Stock or other Underlying Securities, of the Company upon conversion of the Note, and to carry out and perform its obligations under the terms of the Company Transaction Agreements. Each Guarantor has the corporate or other entity power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Note, the Security Agreement, the other Security Documents (as defined in the Security Agreement), the Designation Notice, the Existing Notes Amendment and its Guarantee (the Guarantees, together with the Company Transaction Agreements, the Transaction Documents ). 
 Section 3.03 Governmental Consents, Etc. No consent, approval or authorization of, or designation, declaration or filing with, any governmental authority on the part of the Company or any Guarantor is required in connection with the valid execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, or the offer, sale or issuance of the Note Securities or the Underlying Securities, or the consummation of any other transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, except the qualification (or taking of such action as may be necessary to secure an exemption from qualification, if available) of the offer and sale of the Note Securities and the Underlying Securities under applicable Blue Sky laws, which filings and qualifications, if required, will be accomplished in a timely manner. For the avoidance of doubt, any required filing under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act on Form 8-K disclosing the transactions contemplated hereby and filing any form of the Transaction Documents as required shall not be deemed to be a violation of this Section 3.03. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable listing and corporate governance rules and regulations of Nasdaq and the Nasdaq Global Market (the Exchange and has not received any written notice from Nasdaq of an event or condition that would reasonably be expected to cause the Common Stock to be delisted by Nasdaq. The issuance and sale of the Note Securities and the Underlying Common Stock hereunder do not, and the issuance of any Underlying Securities other than Common Stock will not, contravene the rules and regulations of Nasdaq or the Exchange. 
 Section 3.04 Noncontravention. Assuming compliance with the matters referred to in Section 3.03, the issue and sale of the Note Securities, the grant of the Security Interest by the Company and the Guarantors and the performance by the Company or any Guarantor of its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including the Company s obligation to issue Underlying Securities upon conversion of the Note, and the consummation of the transactions therein contemplated will not (i) conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject, (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company or the organizational documents of any Guarantor or (iii) result in any violation of any statute or any order, rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the properties or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their properties, except, with respect to clauses (i) and (iii), for such conflicts, breaches, violations or defaults as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.05 Authorization. All corporate action on the part of the Company and each Guarantor, its officers, directors and stockholders (or, in the case of any Guarantor, its members, stockholders or other equity holders, as applicable) necessary for 
 3 

the authorization, execution, delivery and performance by the Company or such Guarantor of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the authorization, sale, issuance and delivery by the Company of the Note and the Underlying Securities and the issuance and sale of each Guarantor of its Guarantee and the performance by the Company and each Guarantor of all of the its respective obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, has been taken. 
 Section 3.06 The Note Securities. The Note constitutes valid and binding obligations of the Company and the Guarantee of each Guarantor constitutes valid and binding obligations of such Guarantor, in each case enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer, preference or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability (the Enforceability Exceptions ). 
 Section 3.07 Underlying Securities. The maximum number of shares of Underlying Common Stock initially issuable upon conversion of the Note (based on Fixed Conversion Rate as defined in the Note) have been duly authorized and reserved and the Company shall duly authorize and reserve the maximum number of Underlying Securities as may be issuable from time to time under the Note. When and, to the extent issued upon conversion of the Note in accordance with its terms, any Underlying Securities will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and the issuance of any Underlying Securities will not be subject to any preemptive or similar rights. 
 Section 3.08 Security Interest. The Security Interest creates in favor of the Purchaser a valid and enforceable first priority security interest in the Collateral (subject to Permitted Liens (as defined in the Security Agreement)) and, subject to the foregoing and the limitations set forth in the Security Agreement and the other Security Documents (as defined in the Security Agreement), no other registration, filings or recordings are required under the UCC or with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office, the Federal Aviation Administration or the International Registry in order to perfect the security interests created under the Security Interest to the extent the Security Interest can be perfected by a registration, filing or recording in such offices, except for (a) filings and recordings which shall have been made on or prior to the Issue Date (as defined in the Note) or (b) filings and recordings which the Purchaser has consented to occurring after the Issue Date so long as such filings and recordings occur within the period after the Issue Date consented to by the Purchaser. The Company and the Guarantors are the legal and beneficial owner of the relevant Collateral, free and clear of any Lien (as defined in the Security Agreement), other than Permitted Liens (as defined in the Security Agreement). All the outstanding shares of capital stock or registered capital, as the case maybe, of the Company and its subsidiaries have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid or paid in installments in accordance with applicable laws and non-assessable, and all outstanding shares of capital stock or registered capital, as the case may be, of the subsidiaries are owned by the Company, either directly or through its subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, claim, lien or encumbrance other than the Permitted Liens (as defined in the Security Agreement). None of the outstanding shares of capital stock of or ownership interests in any of the Company s subsidiaries was issued in violation of the preemptive or similar rights of any security holder of such subsidiary. 
 Section 3.09 SEC Reports. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act, including without limitation pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, since the filing of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 
 4 

2021 (the 2021 Form 10-K through the date hereof on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports (as defined below) prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of its respective filing date, (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date hereof, on the date of such filing), the 2021 Form 10-K, and all other reports of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act from the filing date of the 2021 Form 10-K through the date of this Agreement (including the exhibits and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. As of its filing date (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date hereof, on the date of such filing), each SEC Report filed pursuant to the Exchange Act did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). 
 Section 3.10 Capitalization. The Company has an authorized capitalization as of September 30, 2022 (the Capitalization Date as set forth in its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022. All of the issued shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the issued shares of capital stock of each subsidiary of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and (except for directors qualifying shares) are owned directly or indirectly by the Company, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, equities or claims, except to the extent that it would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the stockholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company. As of the date hereof, (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrips, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries except (w) as set forth in the SEC Reports and the exhibits attached and incorporated by reference thereto, (x) as were granted or issued after the Capitalization Date pursuant to the Company s equity compensation plans described in the SEC Reports, and (y) as a result of the purchase and sale of the Note Securities and (ii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of the Note Securities or the Underlying Securities. The Company's certificate of incorporation as in effect on the date hereof and the Company's bylaws as in effect on the date hereof have been filed as part of the SEC Reports and are available on 
 5 

the SEC s EDGAR system as of the business day prior to the date hereof. Other than the Note (and the Existing Notes to the extent affected by the Existing Notes Amendment), the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto are as described in the SEC Reports and exhibits attached or incorporated by reference thereto. 
 Section 3.11 Litigation. As of the date hereof, there is no action, suit, investigation or proceeding pending against, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting, the Company or any of its subsidiaries before (or, in the case of threatened actions, suits, investigations or proceedings, would be before) or by any court, public board, government agency or self-regulatory organization or body, that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.12 Registration Rights. Except as set forth in the SEC Filings, the Company is not under any obligation to register under the Securities Act, any of its presently outstanding securities. 
 Section 3.13 Placement. Subject to the accuracy of the Purchaser s representations in this Agreement, the offer, sale and issuance of the Note Securities and the Underlying Securities (the Placement constitute transactions exempt from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act and the qualification requirements of the securities laws of the State of California. Neither the Company nor any agent on its behalf has taken or will take any action so as to bring the sale of the Note Securities or any Underlying Securities by the Company within the registration provisions of the Securities Act or any state securities laws other than as contemplated in that certain Registration Rights Agreement dated as of December 29, 2021 to which the Company and the Purchaser are parties (the Registration Rights Agreement ). 
 Section 3.14 Internal Controls. The Company and each of its officers are in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The management of the Company has, in material compliance with Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, (i) designed disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the management of the Company by others within those entities, and (ii) disclosed, based on its most recent evaluation prior to the date hereof, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s Board of Directors (A) any significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting Internal Controls which would adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s Internal Controls. Since December 31, 2021, management has not identified for the Company s auditors any material weaknesses in Internal Controls other than those identified in connection with the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020, which are disclosed in the SEC Reports. 
 Section 3.15 Certain Transactions. Since January 1, 2022, except for compensation or other employment arrangements in the ordinary course of business and the Placement, there has been no transaction, or series of similar transactions, agreements, arrangements, relationships, payments or understandings, nor are there any currently proposed transactions, or series of similar transactions, agreements, arrangements, relationships, payments or understandings to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was or is to be a party, that would be required to be disclosed under Item 
 6 

404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act that is not disclosed in the SEC Reports. 
 Section 3.16 Absence of Certain Changes. Since September 30, 2022, there has not been a Material Adverse Effect or any prospective material adverse change that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.17 Acknowledgment Regarding Purchaser's Purchase of Securities. The Company and the Guarantors acknowledge and agree that the Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length Purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company and the Guarantors further acknowledge that the Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company or any Guarantor (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and that any statement made by the Purchaser or any of its representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Purchaser s purchase of the Securities and has not been relied upon by the Company or any Guarantor or its respective officers or directors (or functional equivalents) in any way. The Company and each Guarantor further represents to the Purchasers that the Company s or such Guarantor s decision to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company or such Guarantor and its respective representatives 
 Section 3.18 Related Party Transaction. The Board of Directors of the Company (or an authorized committee thereof) (the Board has reviewed the transactions contemplated hereby with respect to any related party transaction, including for purposes of the Delaware General Corporation Law and the applicable rules of Nasdaq, and has approved any such transaction consistent with the applicable standards. 
 Section 3.19 Reserved . 
 Section 3.20 Transactions Not Enjoined. No governmental authority has enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, stipulation, determination or award which is in effect and has the effect of making the transactions contemplated by this Agreement illegal, otherwise restraining or prohibiting consummation of such transactions or causing any of the transactions contemplated hereunder to be rescinded following completion thereof. No action or proceeding by or before any court or other governmental body has been instituted or threatened by any governmental authority or person whatsoever which shall seek to restrain, prohibit or invalidate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 Article 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASERS 
 The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows 
 Section 4.01 Organization and Standing. The Purchaser is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, with the corporate or other entity power and authority to own and operate its business as presently conducted, except where the failure to be or have any of the foregoing would not have a material and adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the Purchaser is duly qualified as a 
 7 

foreign corporation or other entity to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the character of its properties owned or held under lease or the nature of their activities makes such qualification necessary, except for such failures to be so qualified or in good standing, individually or in the aggregate, as would not have a material adverse effect on it. 
 Section 4.02 Authorization . 
 (a) The Purchaser has the requisite corporate or other entity power and authority to execute and deliver Transaction Documents to which it is a party and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery of each such Transaction Document by the Purchaser, the performance by the Purchaser of its obligations thereunder, and all other necessary corporate or other entity action on the part of the Purchaser have been duly authorized by its board of directors or similar governing body, and no other corporate or other entity proceedings on the part of such Purchaser is necessary for such Purchaser to execute and deliver the relevant Transaction Documents and perform its obligations thereunder. 
 (b) Each of the relevant Transaction Documents has been duly and validly authorized, and when executed and delivered by the Purchaser, shall constitute valid and binding obligations of the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. 
 Section 4.03 Noncontravention. Neither the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents to which the Purchaser is a party by the Purchaser nor the performance by such Purchaser of its obligations thereunder will (i) conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Purchaser or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which Purchaser or any of its subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject, (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or similar organizational and governing documents of Purchaser or (iii) result in any violation of any statute or any order, rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the properties or assets of the Purchaser or any of its subsidiaries or any of their properties, except, with respect to clauses (i) and (iii), for such violations, breaches, conflicts, defaults or other occurrences which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on its obligation to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which the Purchaser is a party. 
 Section 4.04 Accredited Investor. The Purchaser is an accredited investor within the meaning of Regulation D, Rule 501(a), under the Securities Act. The Purchaser was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Securities. 
 Section 4.05 No Government Review. The Purchaser understands that neither the SEC nor any securities commission or other governmental authority of any state, country or other jurisdiction has approved the issuance of the Securities or passed upon or endorsed the merits of this Agreement, the Securities, or any of the other documents relating to the Placement, or confirmed the accuracy of, determined the adequacy of, or reviewed this Agreement, the Securities or such other documents. 
 Section 4.06 Investment Experience. The Purchaser has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in financial, tax and business matters in general, and investments in securities in particular, that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks 
 8 

of this investment in the Securities, and the Purchaser has made such investigations in connection herewith as it deemed necessary or desirable so as to make an informed investment decision without relying upon the Company for legal or tax advice related to this investment. In making its decision to acquire the Securities, the Purchaser has not relied upon any information other than information provided to it by the Company or its representatives and contained herein, including the representations and warranties and covenants of the Company contained herein. 
 Section 4.07 Investment Intent Blue Sky. The Purchaser is acquiring the Securities for investment for its own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with the view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof, other than the transfer of shares to an affiliated investment fund under common control with Purchaser. It understands that the sale of the Securities has not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act by reason of an exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act, the availability of which depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the Purchaser s investment intent and the accuracy of the Purchaser s representations as expressed herein. The Purchaser s address set forth in Section 7.02 represents the Purchaser s true and correct state of domicile, upon which the Company may rely for the purpose of complying with applicable Blue Sky or similar laws. 
 Section 4.08 Rule 144. The Purchaser acknowledges that the Securities must be held indefinitely unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or unless an exemption from such registration is available. It is aware of the provisions of Rule 144 Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act which permit limited resale of securities purchased in a private placement subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
 Section 4.09 Restrictions on Transfer Restrictive Legends. The Purchaser understands that the transfer of the Note Securities is restricted by this Agreement and applicable state and federal securities laws and the transfer of the Underlying Securities is restricted by applicable state and federal securities laws, and that each certificate, instrument, or book entry representing the Note Securities and, if applicable, the Underlying Securities will be imprinted with legends restricting transfer except in compliance therewith . The Company need not register a transfer of legended Note Securities or Underlying Securities, and may also instruct its transfer agent or other applicable agent not to register the transfer of the Note Securities or Underlying Securities and to enforce applicable stop transfer instructions, unless the conditions specified in each of these legends is satisfied. 
 Section 4.10 Access to Information. The Purchaser acknowledges that it has had access to and has reviewed all documents and records relating to the Company, including, but not limited to, the SEC Reports, that it has deemed necessary in order to make an informed investment decision with respect to an investment in the Securities that it has had the opportunity to ask representatives of the Company certain questions and request certain additional information regarding the terms and conditions of such investment and the finances, operations, business and prospects of the Company and has had any and all such questions and requests answered to its satisfaction and that it understands the risks and other considerations relating to such investment. The Purchaser understands any statement contained in the SEC Reports shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Agreement to the extent that a statement contained herein or in any other document subsequently filed with the SEC modifies or supersedes such statement. 
 9 

Section 4.11 No General Solicitation. The Purchaser is unaware of, and in deciding to participate in the Placement is in no way relying upon, and did not become aware of the Placement through or as a result of, any form of general solicitation or general advertising including, without limitation, any article, notice, advertisement or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media, or broadcast over television or radio or the internet, in connection with the Placement. 
 Section 4.12 Purchaser s Counsel. The Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents, all exhibits and schedules thereto, and the transactions contemplated thereby with its own legal counsel. 
 Section 4.13 Tax Liability. The Purchaser has reviewed with its own tax advisors the tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. It relies solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of the Company s agents regarding such tax consequences. It understands that it, and not the Company, shall be responsible for its own tax liability that may arise as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 Article 5 COVENANTS 
 Section 5.01 Transfer Restrictions Legends . 
 (a) The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. Subject to applicable federal and state securities laws, Purchaser may transfer the Note, in whole or in part. As a condition of transfer of the Note, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of the Securities. In connection with any transfer of the Note of at least 2,500,000 aggregate principal amount (a Qualifying Transfer to any transferee, including any affiliates of such transferee that may be deemed to beneficially own all or a portion of such Qualifying Transfer (together, a Qualifying Transferee ), the Company will enter into a registration rights agreement (or effect a joinder to the Registration Rights Agreement) with any such Qualifying Transferee on terms no less favorable than those contained in the Company s registration rights agreement dated as of June 28, 2022 entered into in connection with the Company s outstanding convertible debentures. 
 (b) The certificates, agreements, instruments, or book entries evidencing the Securities shall have endorsed thereon the legends set forth in the Note as required by the terms of the Note. 
 Section 5.02 Confidentiality MNPI . 
 (a) The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that (i) certain of the information contained herein is of a confidential nature and may be regarded as material non-public information MNPI under Regulation FD of the Securities Act (ii) except as provided in Section 5.03, until the time the information contained herein has been adequately disseminated to the public, the existence of this Agreement and the information contained herein shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company, be disclosed by the Purchaser to any person or entity, other than its employees, officers, directors, consultants financial and legal advisors and other representations (collectively, Representatives for the sole purpose of evaluating the entering into and the consummation of the transactions contemplated under the Transaction Documents, and Purchaser will not, directly or indirectly, disclose or permit its Representatives to disclose, any of such 
 10 

information without the prior written consent of the Company and (iii) the Purchaser shall make its Representatives aware of the terms of this Section 5.02 and be responsible for any breach of this Agreement by such Representatives. 
 (b) Any party may disclose, or permit the disclosure of, information which would otherwise be confidential if and to the extent (i) required by law or any securities exchange, regulatory or governmental body (ii) disclosed to its respective affiliates and its and their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders, finance providers and their respective professional advisers or officers on a need-to-know basis (but it shall remain responsible for the compliance with this Section 5.02 by any such person) or (iii) it comes into the public domain other than as a result of a breach by any party hereto. 
 (c) The Purchaser acknowledges that certain information concerning the matters that are the subject matter of this Agreement may constitute MNPI under U.S. federal securities laws, and that U.S. federal securities laws prohibit any person who has received MNPI relating to the Company from purchasing or selling securities of the Company, or from communicating such information to any person under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such person is likely to purchase or sell securities of the Company. Accordingly, until such time as any such non-public information has been adequately disseminated to the public, each Purchaser shall not purchase or sell any securities of the Company, or communicate such information to any other person save as provided in Section 5.03. 
 (d) The Purchaser shall not, and shall cause its affiliates not to, engage, directly or indirectly, in any transactions in the securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any Short Sales (as such term is defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act)) during the period from the date hereof until such time as (i) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced or (ii) this Agreement is terminated. 
 Section 5.03 Securities Law Disclosure. On or prior to the fourth (4th) business day following the Closing Date, the Company will file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC describing the terms of the Transaction Documents and filing such Transaction Documents or forms thereof as may be required under the Exchange Act provided that the Company shall furnish the Purchaser with a copy of such 8-K at least 36 hours in advance of filing to review and shall not file any such 8-K to which the Purchaser reasonably objects. The Company may also issue a press release describing the material terms of the transactions contemplated thereby provided that the Company shall furnish the Purchaser with a copy of such press release at least 24 hours in advance of filing to review and shall not file any press release to which the Purchaser objects. 
 Section 5.04 Section 16 Matters. The Company s Board of Directors shall pre-approve the direct or indirect acquisition or disposition, as applicable, of Note Securities or Underlying Securities by the Purchaser, its affiliates, or any director affiliated with the Purchaser (any such director, a Purchaser Director ), for the express purpose of exempting the Purchaser s, its affiliates or any Purchaser Director s interests (to the extent the Purchaser or its affiliates may be deemed to be directors by deputization in such transaction from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 16b-3 thereunder. 
 Section 5.05 Acknowledgment of Registration Rights. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company and the Purchaser acknowledge and agree that the Underlying Common Stock shall constitute Registrable Securities for purposes of the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 11 

Article 6 INDEMNIFICATION 
 Section 6.01 Survival of Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company, the Guarantors and the Purchaser contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Closing. All covenants and agreements contained herein which by their terms contemplate actions following the Closing shall survive the Closing and remain in full force and effect in accordance with their terms. All other covenants and agreements contained herein shall not survive the Closing and shall thereupon terminate. 
 Section 6.02 Indemnification. The Company and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser, its partners, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and duly authorized agents, and each person or entity, if any, who controls the Purchaser within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (a Control Person ), from and against any loss, claim, damage, liability, together with reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses and investigation), and any action in respect thereof to which such Purchaser and its Control Persons (collectively, the Indemnified Parties becomes subject to, resulting from, arising out of or relating to any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents, except to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage, liability, cost or expense is attributable to the willful misconduct or fraud of such Indemnified Party. 
 Article 7 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 7.01 Entire Agreement Amendment Assignment. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement among the parties with regard to the subjects hereof and thereof, and no party shall be liable or bound to any other party in any manner by any warranties, representations or covenants except as specifically set forth herein or therein. Any prior agreements, understandings or representations with respect to the subject matter hereof are superseded by this Agreement and shall have no further force or effect. Except as expressly provided herein, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated other than by a written instrument signed by the parties hereto. The provisions hereof shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators of the parties hereto. 
 Section 7.02 Notices. All notices and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sent by e-mail, by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or otherwise delivered by facsimile transmission, by hand or by messenger, addressed 
 (a) if to the Purchaser, to 
 12 

Virgin Investments Limited Craigmuir Chambers Road Town, Tortola VG 1110 British Virgin Islands Email Tel 
 with a copy to 
 Virgin Management USA, Inc. 65 Bleecker St., 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 Attn General Counsel Email Tel 
 and 
 Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 450 Lexington Avenue New York, New York 10017 Attn Email 
 (b) if to the Company, to 
 Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. 4022 E. Conant St. Long Beach, California 90808 Attention Chief Financial Officer Chief Legal Officer Email 
 with a copy to 
 Latham & Watkins LLP 650 Town Center Drive, 20 th Floor Costa Mesa, CA 92626 Attention Email 
 All such notices, requests and other communications hereunder shall be deemed duly given on the date of receipt by the recipient thereof if received before 5 00 p.m. local time on a business day in the place of receipt. Otherwise, any such notice, request or communication shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding business day in the place of receipt. 
 Section 7.03 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the internal laws of the State of New York without regard to conflict of law rules of such state. 
 Section 7.04 Jurisdiction. The parties hereto agree that any suit, action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be 
 13 

brought in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York or any New York State court sitting in New York City, so long as one of such courts shall have subject matter jurisdiction over such suit, action or proceeding, and that any cause of action arising out of this Agreement shall be deemed to have arisen from a transaction of business in the State of New York, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in any such court or that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Process in any such suit, action or proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in the world, whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such court. Without limiting the foregoing, each party agrees that service of process on such party as provided in Section 7.02 shall be deemed effective service of process on such party. 
 Section 7.05 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 
 Section 7.06 Delays or Omissions. Except as expressly provided herein, no delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to any party, upon any breach or default of another party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such party nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any party of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any party of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. All remedies, either under this Agreement or by law or otherwise afforded to any party, shall be cumulative and not alternative. 
 Section 7.07 Finder s Fees. Each party represents that it neither is, nor will be, obligated for any finders fee or commission in connection with this transaction. The Purchaser agrees to indemnify and to hold harmless the Company and the Guarantors from any liability for any commission or compensation in the nature of a finders fee (and the costs and expenses of defending against such liability or asserted liability) for which such Purchaser or any of its officers, partners, employees, or representatives is responsible. The Company and the Guarantors agree, jointly and severally, to indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser from any liability for any commission or compensation in the nature of a finders fee (and the costs and expenses of defending against such liability or asserted liability) for which the Company or any of its officers, employees or representatives is responsible. 
 Section 7.08 Expenses. Each of the Company and the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Purchaser, on the other hand, shall bear its or their own expenses incurred with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, except that following the successful completion of the Closing, the Company will reimburse the Purchaser for its documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (except as otherwise provided in the Registration Rights Agreement). 
 14 

Section 7.09 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 Section 7.10 Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision, which shall be replaced with an enforceable provision closest in intent and economic effect as the severed provision provided that no such severability shall be effective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party. 
 Section 7.11 Titles and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement. 
 Remainder of this page intentionally left blank 

15 

VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 By s Dan Hart 
 Name Dan Hart 
 Title CEO 

VIECO USA, INC. 
 By s Dan Hart 
 Name Dan Hart 
 Title CEO 

VIRGIN ORBIT, LLC 
 By s Dan Hart 
 Name Dan Hart 
 Title CEO 

VIRGIN ORBIT NATIONAL SYSTEMS, LLC 
 By s Mark Baird 
 Name Mark Baird 
 Title President, Virgin Orbit National Systems 

JACM HOLDINGS, INC. 
 By s Dan Hart 
 Name Dan Hart 
 Title CEO 

Signature Page to Subscription Agreement 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 
 VIRGIN INVESTMENTS LIMITED 
 By s Kerry Graziola 
 Name Kerry Graziola 
 Title Alternate Director 

Signature Page to Subscription Agreement 

EXHIBIT A 
 Form of Note 

EXHIBIT B 
 Security Agreement 

EXHIBIT C 
 Form of Designation Notice to Security Agreement 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 4
 vorb_20221231xex102-noteam.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 

VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. THE GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO AND VIRGIN INVESTMENTS LIMITED First Amendment Dated as of February 28, 2023 to Senior Secured Convertible Note due 2024, issued November 4, 2022 Senior Secured Convertible Note due 2024, issued December 19, 2022 Senior Secured Convertible Note due 2024, issued January 30, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 ARTICLE 1 Application Of Amendment 
 Section 1.01 . Scope Of This Amendment 
 1 
 Section 1.02 . Effect Of This Amendment. 
 2 
 ARTICLE 2 Definitions 
 Section 2.01 . Definitions 
 2 
 ARTICLE 3 Redemption 
 Section 3.01 . Redemption 
 3 
 ARTICLE 4 Miscellaneous Provisions 
 Section 4.01 . Governing Law Jurisdiction 
 4 
 Section 4.02 . Table of Contents, Headings, Etc 
 4 
 Section 4.03 . Amendment May be Executed in Counterparts 
 5 
 Section 4.04 . Severability 
 5 
 Section 4.05 . Waiver of Jury Trial 
 5 
 Section 4.06 . Ratification Of Existing Notes 
 5 

i 

NOTE AMENDMENT, dated as of February 28, 2023 (this Amendment ), between VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC., as issuer (the Company ), the Guarantors party hereto (the Guarantors and VIRGIN INVESTMENTS LIMITED VIL or the Holder ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Company has previously issued and sold to the Holder (i) a Senior Secured Convertible Note due 2024, issued November 4, 2022 (the November 2022 Note ), (ii) a Senior Secured Convertible Note due 2024, issued December 19, 2022 (the December 2022 Note and (iii) a Senior Secured Convertible Note due 2024, issued January 30, 2023 (the January 2023 Note and, together with the November 2022 Note and the December 2022 Note, the Existing Notes ), where the obligations of the Company under each of the Existing Notes are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by each of the Guarantors 
 WHEREAS, the Company has agreed to issue and sell, the Holder has agreed to purchase, and the Guarantors have each agreed to guarantee the obligations of the Company under, a new Senior Secured Convertible Note to be issued on or about the date hereof (the New Note 
 WHEREAS, the Holder, the Company and the Guarantors, in connection with the purchase and sale of the New Note, and as a condition to Holder s willingness to purchase the New Note, are entering into this Amendment to align certain terms of such Existing Notes with the New Note. 
 WHEREAS, the conditions set forth in the Existing Notes for the execution and delivery of this Amendment have been complied with and 
 WHEREAS, all acts and things necessary to make this Amendment, when executed by the Company, the Guarantors and the Holder, a valid agreement according to its terms, have been done and performed, and the execution of this Amendment in all respects been duly authorized. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, THIS AMENDMENT WITNESSETH 
 That in order to declare the terms and conditions upon which the Existing Notes are to be amended, and in consideration of the premises set forth herein, including the purchase and acceptance of the New Note by the Holder, the Company and the Guarantors covenant and agree as follows 
 Article 1 
 Application Of Amendment 
 
 Article 1 . Scope Of This Amendment. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Amendment, the provisions of this Amendment, including as provided in Section 1.02 below, are expressly and solely for the benefit of the Holder or other holders of the Existing Notes. Unless otherwise expressly specified, references in this Amendment to specific Article numbers or Section numbers refer to Articles and Sections contained in the Existing Notes, and not any other document. 
 Section 1.01 . Effect Of This Amendment. 

With respect to the Existing Notes, each Existing Note shall be amended pursuant to Section 12.11 thereof as follows 
 (a) Definitions . The provisions of Section 1.01 of each of the Existing Notes are amended as and to the extent set forth in Article 2 of this Amendment. 
 (b) Redemption. The provisions of Article 10 of each of the Existing Notes shall not apply to such Existing Note, and Article 3 shall apply in lieu thereof. 
 Article 2 
 Definitions 
 
 Section 2.01 . Definitions. The terms defined in this Section 2.01 (except as herein otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires) for all purposes of this Amendment and each Existing Note shall have the respective meanings specified in this Section 2.01 and, to the extent applicable, supersede the definitions thereof in such Existing Note. All words, terms and phrases defined in the Existing Notes (and not otherwise defined in this Amendment) shall have the meanings as in the applicable Existing Note. The words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to the applicable Existing Note as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision. The terms defined in this Article 2 include the plural as well as the singular. 
 Borrower Optional Redemption shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.01. 
 Borrower Redemption Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.02(a). 
 Borrower Redemption Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.02(a). 
 Holder Optional Redemption shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.01. 
 Holder Redemption Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c). 
 Holder Redemption Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c). 
 Optional Redemption means a Borrower Optional Redemption or a Holder Optional Redemption. 
 Redemption Date means a Holder Redemption Date or a Borrower Redemption Date. 
 Redemption Notice means a Borrower Redemption Notice or a Holder Redemption Notice. 
 Article 3 
 Redemption 
 
 Section 3.01 . Redemption. Article 10 of each Existing Note is amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 ARTICLE 10 
 REDEMPTION 
 2 

Section 10.01. Optional Redemption . The Borrower may redeem (a Borrower Optional Redemption for cash all or any portion of this Note at the Redemption Price. The Holder may require the Borrower to redeem (a Holder Optional Redemption for cash all or any portion of this Note at the Redemption Price. 
 Section 10.02. Notice of Optional Redemption . 
 (a) In case the Borrower exercises its Borrower Optional Redemption right to redeem all or any part of this Note pursuant to Section 10.01, it shall fix a date for redemption (each, a Borrower Redemption Date and it shall deliver or cause to be delivered a notice of such Borrower Optional Redemption (a Borrower Redemption Notice not less than 20 nor more than 60 calendar days prior to the Borrower Redemption Date to the Holder. The Borrower Redemption Date must be a Business Day. 
 (b) Each Borrower Redemption Notice shall specify 
 (i) the Borrower Redemption Date 
 (ii) the Redemption Price 
 (iii) that on the Borrower Redemption Date, the Redemption Price will become due and payable upon this Note to be redeemed, and that interest thereon, if any, shall cease to accrue on and after the Borrower Redemption Date 
 (iv) that the Holder may surrender this Note for conversion at the Fixed Conversion Rate at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Borrower Redemption Date 
 (v) the procedures the Holder must follow to convert this Note 
 (vi) the Fixed Conversion Rate 
 (vii) in case this Note is to be redeemed in part only, the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed and on and after the Borrower Redemption Date, upon surrender of this Note, a new Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof shall be issued. 
 A Borrower Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable. 
 (c) In case the Holder exercises its Holder Optional Redemption right to require the Borrower to redeem all or any part of this Note pursuant to Section 10.01, it shall fix a date for redemption (each, a Holder Redemption Date and it shall deliver or cause to be delivered a notice of such Holder Optional Redemption (a H older Redemption Notice not less than two Business Days nor more than 60 calendar days prior to the Holder Redemption Date to the Borrower. The Holder Redemption Date must be a Business Day. Each Holder Redemption Notice shall specify the Holder Redemption Date. 
 Section 10.03. Payment of Redemption Price . If any Borrower Notice of Redemption or Holder Notice of Redemption, as applicable, has been given in respect of this Note in accordance with Section 10.02, this Note (or the applicable portion thereof) shall become due and payable on the relevant Redemption Date at the applicable Redemption Price. On presentation and 
 3 

surrender of this Note to the Borrower, this Note (or the applicable portion thereof) shall be paid and redeemed by the Borrower at the applicable Redemption Price. 
 Section 10.04. Note Redeemed in Part . Upon surrender of the portion of this Note that is to be redeemed only in part in accordance with Section 10.01, and promptly after the relevant Redemption Date, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to the Holder, without service charge, a new Note, of such authorized denomination or denominations as may be requested by the Holder (which must be an integral multiple of 1,000 and which must be at least 1,000), in aggregate principal amount equal to, and in exchange for, the portion of the principal amount of this Note so surrendered that is not redeemed. 
 Section 10.05. Restrictions on Redemption . The Borrower may not redeem any portion of this Note on any date if the principal amount of this Note has been accelerated in accordance with the terms of this Note, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to the Redemption Date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Borrower in the payment of the Redemption Price with respect to this Note). 
 Article 4 
 Miscellaneous Provisions 
 
 Section 4.01 . Governing Law Jurisdiction. With respect to each Existing Note, Section 12.03 thereof shall apply to this Amendment and is incorporated by reference herein provided that and references to this Note shall be deemed to include this Amendment and to refer to such Existing Note as amended hereby. 
 Section 4.02 . Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. The table of contents and the titles and headings of the Articles and Sections of this Amendment have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 
 Section 4.03 . Amendment May be Executed in Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 Section 4.04 . Severability. In the event any one or more of the provisions contained in this Amendment (or any Existing Note as amended hereby) shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision hereof, and this Amendment (and any Existing Note as amended hereby) shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
 Section 4.05 . Waiver of Jury Trial. With respect to each Existing Note, Section 12.04 thereof shall apply to this Amendment and is incorporated by reference herein provided that references to this Note shall be deemed to include this Amendment and to refer to such Existing Note as amended hereby. 
 4 

Section 4.06 . Ratification Of Existing Notes. Except as amended hereby, each Existing Note, as amended and supplemented by this Amendment, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and this Amendment shall be deemed part of each Existing Note in the manner and to the extent herein and therein provided. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first written above. 
 ISSUER 
 VIRGIN ORBIT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 By s Dan Hart 
 Name Dan Hart 
 Title CEO 
 GUARANTORS VIECO USA, INC. 
 By s Dan Hart 
 Name Dan Hart 
 Title CEO 
 VIRGIN ORBIT, LLC 
 By s Dan Hart 
 Name Dan Hart 
 Title CEO 
 VIRGIN ORBIT NATIONAL SYSTEMS, LLC 
 By s Mark Baird 
 Name Mark Baird 
 Title President, Virgin Orbit National Systems 
 JACM HOLDINGS, INC. 
 By s Dan Hart 
 Name Dan Hart 
 Title CEO 

Signature Page to Amendment 

HOLDER VIRGIN INVESTMENTS LIMITED 
 By s Kerry Graziola 
 Name Kerry Graziola 
 Title Alternate Director 

Signature Page to Amendment 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-21.2>
 5
 vorb_20221231xex212-listof.htm
 EX-21.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.2 

 Name of Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction Vieco USA, Inc. 
 Delaware Virgin Orbit, LLC Delaware Virgin Orbit National Systems, LLC (formerly known as VOX Space, LLC) Delaware JACM Holdings, Inc. Delaware Virgin Orbit UK Limited United Kingdom Ground Station Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Virgin Orbit Brasil Limitada Brazil 

</EX-21.2>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 vorb_20221231xexhibitx231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-264241) on Form S-8 of our report dated April 17, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc.. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 vorb_20221231xexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Daniel Hart, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date April 17, 2023 By s Daniel Hart Name Daniel Hart Title Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 vorb_20221231xexhibitx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Brita O Rear, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date April 17, 2023 By s Brita O Rear Name Brita O Rear Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 vorb_20221231xexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 
 
 Date April 17, 2023 By s Daniel Hart Name Daniel Hart Title Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 vorb_20221231xexhibitx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 
 
 Date April 17, 2023 By s Brita O Rear Name Brita O Rear Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 vorb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 vorb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 vorb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 vorb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 vorb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

