<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230628_10-K_edgar_data_930775_0001553350-23-000361.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4537875</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>142150</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>874412</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1285361</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>911275</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1206312</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001553350-23-000361.hdr.sgml : 20230628
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230628131655
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001553350-23-000361
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230628
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230628

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENCISION INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000930775
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				841162056
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11789
		FILM NUMBER:		231051103

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6797 WINCHESTER CIRCLE
		CITY:			BOULDER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3034442600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6797 WINCHESTER CIRCLE
		CITY:			BOULDER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80301

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ELECTROSCOPE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960502

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001553350-23-000361.txt : 20230628

10-K
 1
 ecia_10k-033123.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 

Commission File No.: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S.
Employer Identification
No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

OTC Bulletin Board 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act:
 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and
attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act ). Yes o 

As of September 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the shares of common
stock held by non-affiliates of the issuer on such date was . This figure is based on the average bid and asked price of 0.55
per share of the issuer s common stock on September 30, 2022 as quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. 

The number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes
of common equity, as of the last practicable date. 

Common Stock, no par value 

(Class) 
 (Outstanding at May 31, 2023) 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: Definitive Proxy Statement for the
2023 Annual Shareholders' Meeting to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated by reference as described in
Part III. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 

Table of Contents 

Item
 1. Business 
 2 
 
 Item
 1A. Risk
 Factors 
 11 
 
 Item
 1B. Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 15 
 
 Item
 2. Properties 
 15 
 
 Item
 3. Legal
 Proceedings 
 15 
 
 Item
 4. Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 15 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases
 of Equity Securities 
 16 
 
 Item
 6. [Reserved] 
 16 
 
 Item
 7. Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 
 Item
 7A. Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 21 
 
 Item
 8. Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 22 
 
 Item
 9. Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 39 
 
 Item
 9A. Controls
 and Procedures 
 39 
 
 Item
 9B. Other
 Information 
 40 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 41 
 
 Item
 11. Executive
 Compensation 
 41 
 
 Item
 12. Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 41 
 
 Item
 13. Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 41 
 
 Item
 14. Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 41 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 41 
 
 Item
 16. Form
 10-K Summary 
 42 

1 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Statements contained in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K include forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and involve substantial
risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward looking statements. All
forward looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements about our strategies, expectations about new and existing
products, market demand, acceptance of new and existing products, technologies and opportunities, market size and growth, and return on
investments in products and market, are based on information available to us on the date of this document, and we assume no obligation
to update such forward looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward looking statements by terminology such as may ,
 will , should , could , expects , plans , intends , anticipates ,
 believes , estimates , predicts , potential , or continue or the negative
of such terms or other comparable terminology. Readers of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are strongly encouraged to review the section
entitled Risk Factors . 

PART I 

 Item 1. Business 

Company Overview 

Encision Inc. Encision , we ,
 us , our or the Company ), a medical device company based in Boulder, Colorado, has developed and
markets innovative technology that provides unprecedented outcomes and patient safety in minimally-invasive surgery. We believe that our
patented Active Electrode Monitoring (AEM Surgical Instruments are changing the marketplace for electrosurgical devices and laparoscopic
instruments by providing a solution to a well-documented hazard unique to laparoscopic surgery. 

We address market opportunities created by the increase
in minimally-invasive surgery MIS and surgeons use of electrosurgery devices in these procedures. The product opportunity
exists in that monopolar electrosurgery instruments used in laparoscopic procedures provide excellent clinical results, but are also susceptible
to causing inadvertent collateral tissue damage outside the surgeon s field of view. The risk of unintended electrosurgical burn
injury to the patient in laparoscopic surgery has been well documented. This risk poses a threat to patient safety, including the risk
of death, and creates liability exposure for surgeons and hospitals, and increased and preventable readmissions. Our technology helps
to reduce hospital risk and liability. 

Our patented AEM technology provides surgeons with
the desired tissue effects of cutting and coagulating tissue in laparoscopic procedures, while preventing stray electrosurgical energy
that can cause complications and even death. AEM Surgical Instruments are equivalent to conventional instruments in size, shape, ergonomics
and functionality, but they incorporate a proprietary shield and electrically connect to an Active Electrode Monitor to dynamically and
continuously monitor the flow of electrosurgical current, thereby preventing patient injury from stray monopolar energy. With our shielded
and monitored instruments, surgeons are able to perform electrosurgical procedures more safely, effectively and economically than
is possible using conventional instruments. 

AEM technology has been recommended and endorsed by
sources from many groups involved in MIS. Surgeons, nurses, biomedical engineers, the medicolegal community, malpractice insurance carriers
and electrosurgical device manufacturers advocate the use of AEM technology. In May 2020, the Food and Drug Administration issued a Safety
Communication that stated that, In addition to serving as an ignition source, monopolar energy use can directly result in unintended
patient burns from capacitive coupling and intra-operative insulation failure. 

2 

Business Highlights 

Proprietary, Patented Technology 

We have developed and launched patented AEM Surgical
Instruments and Monitors that enhance patient safety and patient outcomes in laparoscopic surgical procedures. We have been issued 16
unexpired patents relating to AEM technology from the United States Patent and Trademark Office, each encompassing multiple claims, and
which have between one and seventeen years remaining. We also have patents relating to AEM technology issued in Europe, Japan, Canada
and Australia. 

Technology Solves a Well Documented Risk in Minimally Invasive Surgery 

MIS offers significant benefits for patients by reducing
trauma, hospital stays, recovery times and medical costs. However, these benefits have not been achieved without the emergence of new
risks. The risk of unintended tissue damage from stray electrosurgical energy has been well documented. Such injuries can be especially
troubling given that often these injuries are out of the field of view, can go unrecognized at the time of surgery, and can lead to a
cascade of adverse events, including death. Our patented AEM technology eliminates the risk of stray electrosurgical burns in MIS while
providing surgeons with the tissue effects they desire. 

Product Line has been Developed and Launched 

Our AEM Surgical Instruments and Monitors have been
engineered to provide a seamless transition for surgeons switching from conventional laparoscopic instruments. AEM technology has been
integrated into instruments that have the same look, feel and functionality as conventional instruments that surgeons have been using
for years. The AEM product line encompasses a full range of instrument sizes, types and styles favored by surgeons. While always quality-centric,
we added a new level of customer-centricity with increased marketing focus on our reposable AEM EndoShield 2 Burn Protection System EndoShield 2 ). The EndoShield 2 can be used for a number of surgical procedures without reprocessing, can easily be used
in any OR room with all prevalent electrosurgical generators, and eliminates a significant barrier to adoption. Thus, hospitals can make
a complete and smooth conversion to our product line, thereby advancing patient safety in MIS. 

Emerging as a Standard of Care 

We believe that AEM technology is following a similar
path as previous technological developments in surgery. Throughout the history of electrosurgery, companies that have developed significant
technological breakthroughs in patient safety have seen their technologies become widely used. As with Isolated electrosurgical
generators in the 1970s and with REM technology in the 1980s, AEM technology is receiving the broad endorsements that drove
these previous new technologies to becoming a standard of care. We believe that it is possible to follow a course similar to that of pulse
oximetry in becoming a standard of care. Our proprietary AEM technology enhances patient safety in MIS, especially in light of laparoscopic
instruments being in closer proximity with single-port and reduced-port approaches. As a result, knowledgeable clinicians are now advocating
AEM technology s use. 

Developing Distribution Network is Advancing Utilization of AEM Technology 

Our AEM technology, in the hands of a sales network
with broad access to the surgery marketplace, will help to increase utilization and market share. Historically, our sales and marketing
efforts have been hindered by our small size and limited distribution channels. While these limitations continue, we improved our sales
network which provided new hospital accounts with AEM technology in our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. Our supplier agreements with
Group Purchasing Organizations GPOs and other key hospitals systems are beginning to expose more hospitals to the benefits
of our AEM technology. During the year ended March 31, 2020, our proprietary patient safety technology was recognized by the U.S. Department
of Veterans Affairs and provides us with the opportunity to market our instruments and monitors into VA Medical Centers. The VA is the
largest medical system in the U.S. providing service to more than nine million veterans across more than 1,200 facilities. Also, during
the year ended March 31, 2020, we were awarded a prestigious Vizient Innovative Technology Contract for monopolar surgical instruments
and monitors. Vizient represents a diverse membership base that includes academic medical centers, pediatric facilities, community hospitals,
integrated health delivery networks and non-acute health care providers and represents approximately 100 billion in annual medical devices
and supplies purchasing volume. 

3 

Market Overview 

We believe that our patented AEM technology provides
us with marketing leverage toward gaining an increased share, both in terms of penetrations, as well as increasing our impact per procedure
with AEM instrumentation. 

In the 1990s, surgeons began widespread use of minimally
invasive surgical techniques. The benefits of MIS are substantial and include reduced trauma for the patient, reduced hospital stay, shorter
recovery time and lower medical costs. With improvements in the surgical laparoscopic camera and in the variety of available instruments,
laparoscopic surgery became popular among general surgeons, gynecologic surgeons and other specialties. Laparoscopy now accounts for a
large percentage of all surgical procedures performed in the United States. Approximately 75 of surgeons employ monopolar electrosurgery
for laparoscopy according to INTERactive SURVeys. There are over 4.4 million laparoscopic procedures performed annually in the United
States, and this number is increasing annually. (Note: except as otherwise stated, market estimates in this section are as reported by
Patient Safety Quality Healthcare). 

A component of the endoscopic surgery products market
includes laparoscopic hand instruments, including scissors, graspers, dissectors, forceps, suction/irrigation devices, clip appliers and
other surgical instruments of various designs, which provide a variety of tissue effects. Among the laparoscopic hand instruments, approximately
 500 million in sales annually are derived from instruments designed for monopolar electrosurgical utility. This market for
laparoscopic monopolar electrosurgical instruments is the market we are targeting with our innovative AEM Surgical Instruments. Our proprietary
AEM product line supplants the conventional non-shielded, non-monitored electrosurgical instruments commonly used in laparoscopic
surgery. 

When a hospital decides to use our AEM technology,
we make recurring sales to such hospital for replacement instruments. Sales from reusable and disposable AEM products in hospitals represented
over 90 of our sales in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and we expect this sales stream to grow as new hospitals increasingly adopt
AEM technology and existing hospitals increase usage of AEM instrumentation. We also expect to increase the value per procedure delivered
to our customers and, therefore, expect the dollars per procedure to increase. AEM Instruments are competitively priced compared to conventional
laparoscopic instruments. 

We aim to further develop the market by continuing
to educate healthcare professionals about the benefits of AEM technology to advance patient safety. We are developing new devices that
integrate AEM technology, which we believe will have high surgeon appeal. We are also working to improve the reach of our sales network
to key decision makers who purchase or recommend the purchase of laparoscopic instruments and electrosurgical devices. We are also pursuing
relationships with selected GPOs, hospital systems and integrated delivery networks to assist in promoting the benefits of AEM technology.
We are seeking increasing international opportunities for AEM technology sales. We estimate sales outside the U.S. to be at least as large
as that of the U.S. market. We are growing our presence in Australia and New Zealand and are seeking a new presence in the Middle East
and Europe. As decisions are made at a system level, our intent is to highlight the clinical, economic and safety benefits of using AEM
technology. 

A number of factors are contributing to a decrease in surgical procedures
that take away from top line results. COVID resurgences continued to negatively impact surgical procedure volumes. In addition,
MarketWatch announced that, A record share of U.S. adults said they or a family member delayed medical care last year due to affordability
issues. According to a Gallup poll, thirty-eight percent of Americans said they or a family member avoided treatment over cost in 2022,
a full 12 percentage points higher than the year prior. Finally, hospitals are struggling to maintain critical staffing levels
to enable them to keep up with even the decreased demand for procedures. 

The Technology 

Stray Electrosurgical Burn Injury to the Patient 

Electrosurgical technology is a valuable and prevalent
resource for surgeons. Since its introduction in the 1930s, electrosurgical technology has continually evolved and is estimated to be
used in over 75 of all surgeries. 

The primary form of electrosurgery, monopolar electrosurgery,
is a standard tool for general surgeons throughout the world. In monopolar electrosurgery, the surgeon uses an instrument (typically scissors,
grasper/dissectors, spatula blades or suction-irrigation electrodes) to deliver electrical current to patient tissue. This active
electrode provides the surgeon with the ability to cut, coagulate or ablate tissue as needed during the surgery. With the advent
of MIS procedures, surgeons have continued using monopolar electrosurgery as a primary tool for hemostatic incision, coagulation of bleeding
tissues, excision and ablation. Unfortunately, conventional laparoscopic electrosurgical instruments from competing manufacturers are
susceptible to emitting stray electrical currents during the procedure. This risk is exacerbated by the fact that laparoscopic camera
systems limit the surgical field of view. Ninety percent of the instrument may be outside the surgeon's field of view at any given time
during the surgery. 

4 

The dangers of stray energy are twofold. Not only
is there the danger created by the burn injury itself, but there is the compounding danger that the burn will go unnoticed during the
surgery and be allowed to manifest post-operatively as fecal peritonitis or other potentially deadly and devastating outcomes. In many
cases, the surgeon cannot detect stray electrosurgical burns at the time of the procedure because it is out of their field of visualization.
The resulting complication usually presents itself days later in the form of a severe infection or sepsis, which often results in a hospital
readmission and a difficult course of remedial surgeries and prolonged hospital recovery for the patient. This situation has even resulted
in fatalities. 

Stray electrosurgical burn injury can result from
two causes instrument insulation failure and capacitive coupling. Instrument insulation failure can be a common occurrence with
laparoscopic instruments. Conventional active electrodes for laparoscopic surgery are designed with the same basic construction 
a single conductive element and an outer insulation coating. This insulation can fail during the course of normal use during surgery.
One university study found insulation defects in new disposable instruments before they were used or after limited surgical use. It is
also possible for instrument insulation to become flawed during the handling, cleaning and sterilization process. This common insulation
failure can allow electrical currents to spark from the instrument to unintended and unseen tissue with potentially serious
consequences for the patient, such as bowel perforations. Four different studies indicate that the insulation failure rate in reusable
instruments can be as high as one in five. Capacitive coupling is another way stray electrosurgical energy can cause unintended burns
during laparoscopy. Capacitive coupling is an electrical phenomenon that occurs when current is induced from the instrument to nearby
tissue or another instrument despite intact insulation. This potential for capacitive coupling is present in all laparoscopic surgeries
that utilize monopolar electrosurgery devices and are likely to occur outside the surgeon s field of view. 

Conventional, non-shielded, non-monitored 
laparoscopic instruments are susceptible to causing unintended, unseen burn injuries to the patient in MIS. Instrument insulation failure
and capacitive coupling are the primary causes of stray electrosurgical burns in laparoscopy and are the two events over which the surgical
team has traditionally had no control. Although alternative forms to monopolar electrosurgery energy exist, these alternative energies
tend to be less effective, take longer to achieve the desired surgical effect and are costlier. 

Encision s AEM Surgical Instruments 

AEM technology eliminates the risk of stray electrical
energy caused by instrument insulation failure and capacitive coupling, and thus prevents unintended burn injuries to patients. 

AEM Surgical Instruments are an innovative solution
to stray electrosurgical burns in laparoscopic surgery and are designed with the same look, feel and functionality as conventional instruments.
They direct electrosurgical energy where the surgeon desires, while continuously monitoring the current flow to prevent stray electrosurgical
energy from instrument insulation failure or capacitive coupling. 

Whereas conventional instruments are simply a conductive
element with a layer of insulation coating, AEM Surgical Instruments have a patented, multi-layered design with a built-in shield, 
a concept much like the third-wire ground in standard electrical cords. The shield in these instruments is electrically connected and
referenced back to an AEM Monitor at the electrosurgical generator. In the event of a harmful level of stray electrical energy, the monitor
shuts down the power at the source, assuring patient safety. If instrument insulation failure should occur, the AEM system, while continually
monitoring the instrument, immediately interrupts monopolar output from the electrosurgical generator and alerts the surgical staff. The
AEM system protects against capacitive coupling by providing a neutral return path for capacitive electrical energy. Capacitive
energy is continually drained away from the instrument and away from the patient through the protective shield built into all AEM instruments
and the connected AEM Monitor. 

The AEM system consists of shielded 5mm AEM Instruments
and an AEM monitor. The AEM Instruments are designed to function identically to the conventional 5mm instruments that surgeons are familiar
with, but with the added benefit of enhanced patient safety. Our entire line of laparoscopic instruments has the integrated AEM design
and includes the full range of instruments that are common in laparoscopic surgery today. The AEM monitor is compatible with most electrosurgical
generators. AEM Surgical Instruments provide enhanced patient safety, require no change in surgeon technique and are cost competitive.
Thus, conversion to AEM Surgical Instruments is easy and economical. 

5 

Historical Perspective 

We were organized
as a Colorado corporation in 1991 and spent several years developing the AEM monitoring system and protective sheaths to adapt to conventional
electrosurgical instruments. During this period, we conducted product trials and applied for patents with the United States Patent and
Trademark Office and with International patent agencies. Our patents relate to the
basic shielding and monitoring technologies that we incorporate into our AEM products. As of March 31, 2023, we have 16 unexpired United
States patents relating to specific implementations of shielding and monitoring in instruments and continue to add patents as we further
develop our proprietary technology and its applications. 

As we evolved, it was clear to us that our active
electrode monitoring technology needed to be integrated into the standard laparoscopic instrument design. As the development program
proceeded, it also became apparent that the merging of electrical and mechanical engineering skills in the instrument development process
for our patented, integrated electrosurgical instruments was a complex and difficult task. As a result, instruments with integrated AEM
technology were not completed for several years. Prior to offering a full range of laparoscopic electrosurgical instrumentation, it was
difficult for hospitals to commit to the AEM solution, as we did not have adequate comparable surgical instrument options to match surgeon
demand. 

With the broad
array of AEM instruments now available, the surgeon has a wide choice of instrument options and does not have to change surgical technique
to use our AEM products. Since c onversion to AEM technology is transparent to the surgeon, hospitals
can now universally convert to AEM technology, thus providing all of their laparoscopic surgery patients a higher level of safety. This
development coincides with the continued expansion of independent endorsements for AEM technology. Recommendations from the malpractice
insurance and medicolegal communities complement the broad clinical endorsements that AEM technology has garnered over the past few years,
leading to better awareness for the benefits of the technology. 

Products 

We produce and market a full line of AEM Instruments,
which are shielded and monitored to prevent stray electrosurgical burns from insulation failure and capacitive coupling.
Our product line includes a broad range of endo-mechanical instruments (scissors, graspers and dissectors), fixed-tip electrodes and suction-irrigation
electrodes. These AEM Instruments are available in a wide array of reusable and disposable options. Also, we have a line of handles that
are used for advanced laparoscopic procedures that incorporate stiffer shafts and ergonomic features. In addition, we market an AEM monitor
product line that is used in conjunction with AEM Instruments. Our AEM EndoShield 2 Burn Protection System can be used for a number
of surgical procedures without reprocessing, reduces the customer s cost per use significantly, and eliminates a significant barrier
to adoption. Thus, hospitals can make a complete and smooth conversion to our product line, thereby advancing patient safety in MIS. The
EndoShield 2 integrates our patented AEM technology into a disposable smart cord and eliminates the need for a separate AEM monitor. It
is changing the marketplace for electrosurgical devices and laparoscopic instruments by providing a solution to a well-documented hazard
unique to laparoscopic surgery. 

The 2020 introduction of our AEM 2X enTouch 
Scissors 2X Scissors brought new levels of performance and economy to the surgical scissor market by combining the
best in class performance of our enTouch Disposable Scissors with the value and economy of a multi-use device. We believe that our 2X Scissors
will have a significant impact on the disposable laparoscopic scissor market. Our enTouch Disposable Scissors have long been the surgeon
preferred product because of their sharpness and micro-serrations. Our 2X Scissors provide all those benefits at half the cost per
use and reduce hospital waste and the impact on the environment as well. The thermochromic technology integrated into 2X Scissors
lets the hospital know when to replace the scissors with new ones and makes tracking their use simple and easy. 2X Scissors work
with hot AEM dissection and have a price point that makes them suitable for cold dissection as well. 2X Scissors should open new
use segments for us and create an opportunity for customers to standardize on our entire portfolio of Active Electrode Monitoring (AEM products. 

6 

Services 

On April 20, 2020, we entered into a Master Services
Agreement MSA with Auris Health, Inc. Auris Health ), which is based in Redwood City, CA and a part of Johnson
 Johnson Medical Devices Companies. The MSA (and the initial related Statement of Work thereunder) were effective as of March 3,
2020. Under the MSA, we and Auris Health collaborated on the development of equipment designed to enable the compatibility of our AEM
technology with monopolar instruments produced by Auris Health. The MSA had a term of up to three years, but either party could terminate
the MSA sooner upon 10 business days prior written notice. On August 23, 2021, we entered into a Supply Agreement with Auris Health,
Inc. On May 5, 2022, the parties mutually agreed to terminate all of our agreements. 

In February 2023, we signed a Proof of Concept Services
Agreement with Vicarious Surgical Inc. Vicarious ). The Vicarious robot design intends to maximize visualization, precision,
and control of instruments in robotic-assisted minimally invasive surgery. 

Sales and Marketing Overview 

We believe that AEM technology can become the standard
of care in laparoscopic surgery worldwide. Our marketing efforts are focused on building awareness by providing technical education for
Health Care Providers on the dangers of stray electrosurgical energy and in providing clinical and economic evidence to substantiate the
value of AEM technology to hospitals, their staff, and their patients. We also leverage relationships with prominent hospitals and surgeons
where AEM Technology has increased their level of patient care and improved their overall surgical outcomes. 

In addition, there is increasing public interest in
the reduction of medical errors and the advancement of patient safety. For example, the National Quality Forum and CMS (Centers for Medicare
and Medicaid Services) recognize patient death or serious disability associated with a burn incurred from any source while being
cared for in a healthcare facility as a never-event . We believe that the credibility and importance of our technology
is complemented by this expanding public interest in advancing patient safety in new CMS Hospital Quality Metrics. The Center for Medicare
and Medicaid Services published its Hospital-Acquired Condition Reduction Program, effective October 1, 2014. At that time, the program
began to levy as much as a 1 penalty on Medicare reimbursements on hospitals in the lower quadrant of performance for selected quality
indicators, including accidental puncture and laceration APL ). An example of an APL includes the use of a cautery device
(electrosurgery) or scissors to dissect a tissue plane that errantly causes an injury to underlying bowels. 

To cost effectively expand market coverage, we focus
on optimizing our distribution network comprised of direct and independent sales representatives who are managed and directed by our regional
sales managers throughout the United States. In some instances, customers have recognized the patient safety risks inherent in monopolar
electrosurgery and have accepted AEM technology as the way to eliminate those risks. In other instances, we have found selling the concept
behind AEM technology more difficult. This difficulty is due to several factors, including the necessity to make surgeons, nurses and
hospital risk managers aware of the potential for unintended electrosurgical burns (which exists when conventional instruments are used
during laparoscopic monopolar electrosurgery) and the resulting increased patient injury and medicolegal liability exposure. Additionally,
we must contend with the overall lack of single purchasing points in the industry (surgeons, hospital personnel, and value analysis committees
have to be in substantial agreement as to the benefits of new technology), and the resulting need to make multiple sales calls on personnel
with the authority to commit to hospital expenditures. Other challenges include the fact that many hospitals have exclusive contractual
agreements with manufacturers of competing surgical instruments. 

Our goal is to optimize a network that has experience
selling into the hospital operating room environment. We believe that improvement in this network offers us the best opportunity to cost
effectively broaden acceptance of our product line and generate increased and recurring sales. Additionally, we are pursuing supplier
agreements with the major selected GPOs, hospital systems and integrated delivery networks. 

In addition to the efforts to broaden market acceptance
in the United States, we have contracted with independent distributors in Australia and New Zealand to market our products internationally.
We have achieved Conformit Europ ene CE marking for our products so that we may sell into the European
marketplace. The CE marking indicates that a manufacturer has conformed to all of the obligations imposed by European health, safety and
environmental legislation. While CE certification opens up incremental markets in Europe, our distribution options in the European marketplace
are developing, and sales in international markets are small. 

We believe that the expanding awareness for AEM technology
through education and the improved sales network of independent representatives will provide the basis for increased sales and continuing
profitable operations. However, these measures, or any others that we may adopt, may not result in increased sales or profitable operations. 

7 

Research and Development 

We aim to continually expand our AEM Instrument product
line to satisfy the evolving needs of surgeons. For AEM technology to fully become a standard of care, we must satisfy surgeons 
preferred instrument shapes, sizes, styles and functionality with integrated AEM technology. This commitment includes expanding the styles
of electrosurgical instruments available for MIS applications so that the conversion to AEM technology is transparent to surgeons and
does not require significant change in their current surgical techniques. We employ full-time engineers and use independent contractors
from time to time in our research and product development efforts. This group continuously explores ways to broaden and enhance the product
line. Current research and development efforts are focused primarily on line-extension projects to further expand our AEM Instrument product
offering to increase surgeons choices and options in laparoscopic surgery. Our research and development expenses were 816,119
in fiscal year 2023 and 918,155 in fiscal year 2022. We expense research and development costs for products and processes as incurred.
Costs that are included in research and development expenses include direct salaries, contractor fees, materials, facility costs and administrative
expenses that relate to research and development. 

Manufacturing, Regulatory Affairs
and Quality Assurance 

We engage in various manufacturing and assembly activities
at our leased facility in Boulder, Colorado. These operations include disposable scissor inserts manufacturing and assembly of our AEM
Instrument system as well as fabrication, assembly and test operations for instruments, monitors and accessories. We also have relationships
with a number of outside suppliers. Three vendors accounted for approximately 47 of our inventory purchases. 

We believe that the use of both internal and external
manufacturing capabilities allows for increased flexibility in meeting our customer delivery requirements and significantly reduces the
need for investment in specialized capital equipment. We have developed multiple sources of supply where possible. Our relationship with
our suppliers is generally limited to individual purchase order agreements supplemented, as appropriate, by contractual relationships
to help ensure the availability and low cost of certain products. All components, materials and sub-assemblies used in our products, whether
produced in-house or obtained from others, are inspected to ensure compliance with our specifications. All finished products are subject
to our quality assurance and performance testing procedures. 

As discussed in the section on Government Regulation,
we are subject to the rules and regulations of the United States Food and Drug Administration FDA ). Our leased facility
of 28,696 square feet contains approximately 15,100 square feet of manufacturing, regulatory affairs and quality assurance space. The
facility is designed to comply with the Quality System Regulation QSR ), as specified in published FDA regulations. Our
latest inspection by the FDA occurred in October 2015. 

We achieved CE marking in August 2000, which required
prior certification of our quality system and product documentation. Maintenance of the CE marking status requires periodic audits of
the quality system and technical documentation by our European Notified Body, TUV Rheinland. The most recent audit was completed in February
2022. 

Patents, Patent Applications and
Intellectual Proprietary Rights 

We have invested heavily in an effort to protect our
valuable technology, and, as a result of this effort, we have been issued 16 unexpired relevant patents that together form a significant
intellectual property position. Our patents relate to the basic shielding and monitoring technologies that we incorporate into our AEM
products. As of March 31, 2023, we have 16 unexpired United States patents relating to specific implementations of shielding and monitoring
in instruments. As of March 31, 2023, there are between one and seventeen years remaining on our AEM patents. We have five patent applications
in process and we have four trademarks. 

Our technical progress depends to a significant degree
on our ability to maintain patent protection for products and processes, to preserve our trade secrets and to operate without infringing
the proprietary rights of third parties. Our policy is to attempt to protect our technology by, among other things, filing patent applications
for technology that we consider important to the development of our business. The validity and breadth of claims covered in medical technology
patents involve complex legal and factual questions and, therefore, may be highly uncertain. Even though we hold patented technology,
others might copy our technology or otherwise incorporate our technology into their products. 

We require our employees to execute non-disclosure
agreements upon commencement of employment. These agreements generally provide that all confidential information developed or made known
to the individual by us during the course of the individual's employment is our property and is to be kept confidential and not to be
disclosed to third parties. 

8 

Competition 

The electrosurgical device market is intensely competitive
and tends to be dominated by a relatively small group of large and well-financed companies. We compete directly for customers with those
companies that currently make conventional electrosurgical instruments. Larger competitors include Advanced Surgical Technologies Group
(a division of Medtronic plc) and Ethicon Endo-Surgery (a division of Johnson Johnson). While we know of no competitor (including
those referenced above) that can provide a continuous solution to stray electrosurgical burns, the manufacturers of conventional (non-monitored,
non-shielded) instruments will resist any loss of market share resulting from the presence of our products in the marketplace. What clearly
differentiates us from the competition is that while competitive technologies may somewhat reduce the risk of stray energy burns, only
AEM Technology completely eliminates it. 

We also believe that manufacturers of products based
on alternative technology to monopolar electrosurgery are our competitors. These alternative technologies include other advanced
energy technologies such as bipolar electrosurgery, laser surgery and ultrasonic dissector sealers. Leading manufacturers in these
areas include Advanced Surgical Technologies Group, Gyrus/ACMI (a division of Olympus Corporation and a leader in bi-polar electrosurgery),
Lumenis (laser surgery) and Ethicon Endo-Surgery (a division of Johnson and Johnson, manufacturers of the harmonic scalpel). We believe
that monopolar electrosurgery offers substantial competitive, functional and financial advantages over these alternative energy technologies
and will remain the primary tool for the surgeon, as it has been for decades. However, the risk exists that these alternative technologies
may gain greater market share and that new competitive techniques may be developed and introduced. 

As mentioned in the Sales and Marketing discussion,
the competitive issues involved in selling our AEM product line do not primarily revolve around a comparison of cost or features, but
rather involve generating an awareness of the inherent hazards of electrosurgery and the potential for injury to the patient. This involves
conceptual selling, rather than just product selling, which results in a longer sales cycle and generally higher sales costs. Independent
endorsements of AEM technology have greatly enhanced the credibility of AEM Instruments. However, our efforts to increase market awareness
of this technology may not be successful, and our competitors may develop alternative strategies and/or products to counter our marketing
efforts. 

Many of our competitors and potential competitors
have widely-used products and significantly greater financial, technical, product development, marketing and other resources. In addition
to our direct sales force, we utilize a network of independent distributor representatives in selected areas. In some cases, our options
for independent distribution have conflicting and competing product interests which compromise our ability to make market advances in
certain areas. We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and competitive pressures faced by us
may have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Government Regulation 

Government regulation in the United States and other
countries is a significant factor in the development and marketing of our products and in our ongoing manufacturing, research and development
activities. The FDA regulates us and our products under a number of statutes, including the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act (the
 FDC Act ). Under the FDC Act, medical devices are classified as Class I, II or III on the basis of the controls deemed necessary
to reasonably ensure their safety and effectiveness. Class I devices are subject to the least extensive controls, as their safety and
effectiveness can be reasonably assured through general controls (e.g., labeling, pre-market notification and adherence to QSR). For Class
II devices, safety and effectiveness can be assured through the use of special controls (e.g., performance standards, post-market surveillance,
patient registries and FDA guidelines). Class III devices (e.g., life-sustaining or life-supporting implantable devices or new devices
which have been found not to be substantially equivalent to legally marketed devices) require the highest level of control, generally
requiring pre-market approval by the FDA to ensure their safety and effectiveness. Our products are Class II devices. 

9 

If a manufacturer or distributor of medical devices
can establish that a proposed device is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed Class I or Class II medical device
or to a Class III medical device for which the FDA has not required a pre-market approval application, the manufacturer or distributor
may seek FDA marketing clearance for the device by filing a 510(k) pre-market notification. Following submission of the 510(k) notification,
the manufacturer or distributor may not place the device into commercial distribution in the United States until an order has been issued
by the FDA. The FDA's target for issuing such orders is within 90 days of submission, but the process can take significantly longer. The
order may declare the FDA's determination that the device is substantially equivalent to another legally marketed device and
allow the proposed device to be marketed in the United States. The FDA may, however, determine that the proposed device is not substantially
equivalent or may require further information, such as additional test data, before deciding regarding substantial equivalence. Any adverse
determination or request for additional information could delay market introduction and have a material adverse effect on our continued
operations. We have received a favorable 510(k) notification for our AEM monitors and AEM Instruments, all of which are designated as
Class II medical devices. 

Labeling and promotional activities are subject to
scrutiny by the FDA and, in certain instances, by the Federal Trade Commission. The FDA also imposes post-marketing controls on us and
our products, and registration, listing, medical device reporting, post-market surveillance, device tracking and other requirements on
medical devices. Failure to meet these pervasive FDA requirements or adverse FDA determinations regarding our clinical and preclinical
trials could subject us and/or our employees to injunction, prosecution, civil fines, seizure or recall of products, prohibition of sales
or suspension or withdrawal of any previously granted approvals, which could lead to a material adverse impact on our financial position
and results of operations. 

The FDA regulates our quality control and manufacturing
procedures by requiring us and our contract manufacturers to demonstrate compliance with the QSR as specified in published FDA regulations.
The FDA requires manufacturers to register with the FDA, which subjects them to periodic FDA inspections of manufacturing facilities.
If violations of applicable regulations are noted during FDA inspections of our manufacturing facilities or the facilities of our contract
manufacturers, the continued marketing of our products may be adversely affected. Such regulations are subject to change and depend heavily
on administrative interpretations. In October 2015, the FDA conducted a QSR inspection of our facilities. We believe that we have the
internal resources and processes in place to be reasonably assured that we are in compliance with all applicable United States regulations
regarding the manufacture and sale of medical devices. However, if we were found not to be in compliance with the QSR, in the future,
such findings could result in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Sales of medical devices outside of the United States
are subject to United States export requirements and foreign regulatory requirements. Legal restrictions on the sale of imported medical
devices vary from country to country. The time required to obtain approval by a foreign country may be longer or shorter than that required
for FDA approval and the requirements may differ. Our Certificate of Export from the United States Department of Health and Human Services
has expired and we will seek to renew it. However, a specific foreign country in which we wish to sell our products may not accept or
continue to accept the Certificate of Export. Entry into the European Economic Area market also requires prior certification of our quality
system and product documentation. We achieved CE marking in August 2000, allowing a launch into the European marketplace. Maintenance
of the CE marking status requires annual audits of the quality system and technical documentation by our European Notified Body, TUV Rheinland.
The most recent audit was completed in February 2022. 

During our March 31, 2020 quarter, we received a letter
from the FDA that contained a questionnaire regarding Stray Energy and how to prevent patient injuries from Stray Energy during
laparoscopic procedures. We provided the FDA with extensive information on burns and our program for eliminating them. A Safety Communication
was released by the FDA on May 29, 2020. It is on the FDA's website at: https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/AlertsandNotices/ucm608637.htm.
The Safety Communication states that, In addition to serving as an ignition source, monopolar energy use can directly result in
unintended patient burns from capacitive coupling and intra-operative insulation failure. If a monopolar electrosurgical units (ESU) is
used: Do not activate when near or in contact with other instruments. 

10 

Environmental Laws and Regulations 

From time to time we receive materials returned from
customers, sales representatives and other sources which are potentially biologically hazardous. These materials are segregated, and disposed
of in accordance with specific procedures that minimize potential exposure to employees. The costs of compliance with these procedures
are not significant. Our operations, in general, do not involve the use of environmentally sensitive materials. 

Insurance 

We are covered under comprehensive general liability
insurance policies, which have per occurrence and aggregate limits of 1 million and 2 million, respectively, and a 10 million umbrella
policy. We maintain customary property and casualty, workers compensation, employer liability and other commercial insurance policies. 

Employees 

As of March 31, 2023, we employed 31 full-time and
2 part-time individuals, of which 4 full-time and 2 part-time are engaged directly in research, development and regulatory activities,
14 full-time in manufacturing/operations, 7 full-time in marketing and sales, and 6 full-time time in administrative positions. None of
our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. 

Available information 

Our internet address is www.encision.com. We are not
including the information contained in our website as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this document. We make available,
free of charge, through our website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments
to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after
we electronically file such materials with, or furnish such materials to, the SEC. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

You should carefully consider the risk factors described
below. If any of the following risk factors actually occur, our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations would
likely suffer. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could fall, resulting in the loss of all or part of your investment.
You should look at all these risk factors in total. Some risk factors may stand on their own. Some risk factors may affect (or be affected
by) other risk factors. You should not assume we have identified these connections. You should not assume that we will always update these
and future risk factors in a timely manner. We are not undertaking any obligation to update these risk factors to reflect events or circumstances
after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

Among the factors that could cause future results
and financial condition to be materially different from expectations are: 

Covid-19. We are monitoring the ongoing
outbreak of Covid-19, and the related mandated precautions to mitigate the spread of the disease, including various business
restrictions and its impact on operations, financial position, cash flow, inventory, supply chains, purchasing trends, customer
payments, the industry in general and its impact on our employees. The impact of the disease and related public health measures is
highly uncertain, cannot be predicted, and will dependent upon future developments. During the 2023 and 2022 fiscal years, our
operations were still significantly negatively impacted by Covid-19. This reduction was primarily due to a significant reduction in
elective surgical procedures due to Covid-19, which reduced demand for our products. 

Our products may not be accepted by the market .
The success of our products and our financial condition depends on the acceptance of AEM products by the medical community in commercially
viable quantities during fiscal year 2023 and beyond. We cannot predict how quickly or how broadly AEM products will be accepted by the
medical community. We need to continually educate the marketplace about the potential hazards involved in the use of conventional electrosurgical
products during MIS procedures and the expected benefits associated with the use of AEM products. If we are unsuccessful in educating
the marketplace about our technology and the hazards of conventional instruments, we will not create sufficient demand by hospitals and
surgeons for AEM products and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

11 

We need to continually develop and train our network
of direct and independent sales representatives and expand our distribution efforts in order to be successful. Our attempts to develop
and train a network of direct and independent sales representatives in the U.S. and to expand our international distribution efforts may
take longer than expected and may result in considerable amounts of retraining effort as the direct and independent sales representatives
change their product lines, product focus and personnel. We may not be able to obtain full coverage of the U.S. by direct and independent
sales representatives as quickly as anticipated. The independent sales representative network has inherent flaws and inefficiencies, which
can include conflicts of interest and competing products. Optimizing the quality of the network and the performance of direct and independent
sales representatives in the U.S. is an ongoing challenge. We may also encounter difficulties in developing our international presence
due to regulatory issues and our ability to successfully develop international distribution options. Our inability to expand our network
of direct and independent sales representatives and optimize their performance could adversely affect our financial results. 

We may need additional funding to support our operations. 
We were formed in 1991 and have incurred losses of approximately 22 million since that date. We have primarily financed research, development
and operational activities with issuances of our common stock and warrants, the exercise of stock options to purchase our common stock,
loans, and, in some years, by operating profits. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, our cash used in operations was 861,000. At
March 31, 2023, we had cash and equivalents of 182,000. If we are unable to maintain cash flows sufficient to support ongoing operations,
we will need to seek additional financing. There is no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital on acceptable terms
or at all. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our
existing stockholders could be diluted, and these newly issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of
existing stockholders. If we raise additional funds through debt financing, which may involve restrictive covenants, our ability to operate
our business may be restricted. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, if and when needed, our
ability to fund our operations, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

 . 

 We may not be able to compete successfully against
current manufacturers of conventional unshielded, unmonitored electrosurgical instruments or against competitors who manufacture
products that are based on surgical technologies that are alternatives to monopolar electrosurgery. The electrosurgical products market
is intensely competitive. We expect that manufacturers of unshielded, unmonitored electrosurgical instruments will resist
any loss of market share that might result from the presence of our shielded and monitored instruments in the marketplace.
We also believe that manufacturers of products that are based upon surgical technologies that are alternatives to monopolar electrosurgery
are our competitors. These technologies include bipolar electrosurgery, the harmonic scalpel and lasers. The alternative technologies
may gain market share and new competitive technologies may be developed and introduced. Most of our competitors and potential competitors
have significantly greater financial, technical, product development, marketing and other resources than we do. Most of our competitors
also currently have substantial customer bases in the medical products market and have significantly greater market recognition than we
have. As a result of these factors, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in
customer requirements or to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products. It is possible that new
competitors or new alliances among competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share. The competitive pressures we face
may materially adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows, and this may hinder our ability to respond
to competitive threats. 

If we do not continually enhance our products and
keep pace with rapid technological changes, we may not be able to attract and retain customers. Our future success and financial performance
will depend in part on our ability to meet the increasingly sophisticated needs of customers through the timely development and successful
introduction of product upgrades, enhancements and new products. These upgrades, enhancements and new products are subject to significant
technological risks. The medical device market is subject to rapid technological change, resulting in frequent new product introductions
and enhancements of existing products, as well as the risk of product obsolescence. While we are currently developing new products and
enhancing our existing product lines, we may not be successful in completing the development of new products or enhancements. In addition,
we must respond effectively to technological changes by continuing to enhance our existing products to incorporate emerging or evolving
standards. We may not be successful in developing and marketing product enhancements or new products that respond to technological changes
or evolving industry standards. We may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction and
marketing of those products, and our new products and product enhancements may not adequately meet the requirements of the marketplace
and achieve commercially viable levels of market acceptance. If any potential new products, upgrades, or enhancements are delayed, or
if any potential new products, upgrades, or enhancements experience quality problems or do not achieve market acceptance, or if new products
make our existing products obsolete, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows would be materially adversely affected. 

12 

If government regulations change or if we fail
to comply with existing and/or new regulations, we might miss market opportunities and experience increased costs and limited growth.
 The research, development, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of our products in the United States and other countries are
subject to extensive regulation by numerous governmental authorities including, but not limited to, the Food and Drug Administration.
Under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, medical devices must receive clearance from the Food and Drug Administration through the
Section 510(k) pre-market notification process or through the lengthier pre-market approval process before they can be sold in the United
States. The process of obtaining required regulatory approvals is lengthy and has required the expenditure of substantial resources. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to obtain the necessary approvals. As part of our strategy, we also intend to pursue
commercialization of our products in international markets. Our products are subject to regulations that vary from country to country.
The process of obtaining foreign regulatory approvals in certain countries can be lengthy and require the expenditure of substantial resources.
We may not be able to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or clearances on a timely basis or at all, and delays in receipt of or failure
to receive such approvals or clearances, or failure to comply with existing or future regulatory requirements would have a material adverse
effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Tariffs will increase our material costs and, if they are fully
absorbed by us, then they will negatively affect our gross profit margins. 

If we fail to comply with the extensive regulatory
requirements governing the manufacturing of our products, we could be subject to fines, suspensions or withdrawals of regulatory approvals,
product recalls, suspension of manufacturing, operating restrictions and/or criminal prosecution. The manufacturing of our products
is subject to extensive regulatory requirements administered by the Food and Drug Administration and other regulatory agencies. Inspection
of our manufacturing facilities and processes can be conducted at any time, without prior notice, by the Food and Drug Administration
and such regulatory agencies. In addition, future changes in regulations or interpretations made by the Food and Drug Administration or
other regulatory agencies, with possible retroactive effect, could adversely affect us. Changes in existing regulations or adoption of
new regulations or policies could prevent us from obtaining, or affect the timing of, future regulatory approvals or clearances. We may
not be able to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or clearances on a timely basis in the future, or at all. Delays in receipt of, failure
to receive such approvals or clearances and/or failure to comply with existing or future regulatory requirements would have a material
adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our current patents, trade secrets and know-how
may not provide a competitive advantage, the pending applications may not result in patents being issued, and our competitors may design
around any patents issued to us. Our success will continue to depend in part on our ability to maintain patent protection for our
products and processes, to preserve our trade secrets and to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. We have
16 issued U.S. patents on several technologies embodied in our AEM Monitoring system, AEM instruments and related accessories and we have
applied for additional U.S. patents. In addition, we have four issued foreign patents. The validity and breadth of claims coverage in
medical technology patents involve complex legal and factual questions and may be highly uncertain. Also, patents may not protect our
proprietary information and know-how or provide adequate remedies for us in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of such information,
and others may be able to develop competing technology, independent of such information. There has been substantial litigation regarding
patent and other intellectual property rights in the medical device industry. Litigation may be necessary to enforce patents issued to
us, to protect trade secrets or know-how owned by us, to defend us against claimed infringement of the rights of others or to determine
the ownership, scope or validity of our proprietary rights or those of others. Any such claims may require us to incur substantial litigation
expenses and to divert substantial time and effort of management personnel and could substantially decrease the amount of capital available
for our operations. An adverse determination in litigation involving the proprietary rights of others could subject us to significant
liabilities to third parties, could require us to seek licenses from third parties, and could prevent us from manufacturing, selling or
using our products. The occurrence of any such actual or threatened litigation or the effect on our business of such litigation may materially
adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, our assessment that a patent is no longer
of value could result in a significant charge against our earnings. 

13 

We depend on single source suppliers for certain
of the key components of our products and sub-contractors to provide much of the materials used in the manufacturing of our products.
The loss of a supplier or limitation in supply from existing suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our ability to manufacture
our products until a new source of supply is located. Although we believe that there are alternative suppliers, any interruption in
the supply of key components could have a material adverse effect on us. A sudden increase in customer demand may create a backorder situation
as lead times for some of our critical materials are in excess of 16 weeks. We rely on subcontractors to provide products, either in the
form of finished goods or sub-assemblies that we then assemble and test. While these sub-contractors reduce our total cost of manufacturing,
they may not be as responsive to increased demand as we would be if we had our manufacturing capacity entirely in-house, which may limit
our growth strategy and sales. 

The potential fluctuation in future quarterly results
may cause our stock price to fluctuate. We expect that our operating results could fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter
in the future and will depend upon a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. These factors include the extent to which
our AEM technology and related accessories gain market acceptance; our investments in marketing, sales, research and development and administrative
personnel necessary to support growth; our ability to expand our market share; actions of competitors; and, general economic conditions.
The market value of our common stock has dramatically fluctuated in the past and is likely to fluctuate in the future. Any of these factors,
or factors not listed, could have an immediate and significant negative impact on the market price of our stock. 

Our common stock is thinly traded, the prices at
which it trades are volatile and the buying or selling actions of a few shareholders may adversely affect our stock price. As of May
31, 2023, we had a public float, which is defined as shares outstanding minus shares held by our officers, directors, or beneficial holders,
of greater than 10 of our outstanding common stock, of 7,311,381 shares, or 62 of our outstanding common stock. The average number of
shares traded in any given day over the past year has been relatively small compared to the public float. Thus, the actions of a few shareholders
either buying or selling shares of our common stock may adversely affect the price of the shares. Historically, thinly-traded securities
such as our common stock have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that do not necessarily relate to operating performance. 

Product liability claims may exceed our current
insurance coverage. We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of our products
is alleged to have resulted in adverse effects to a patient. We maintain a general liability insurance policy up to the amount of 10,000,000
that includes coverage for product liability claims. Liability claims may be excluded from the policy, may exceed the coverage limits
of the policy, or the insurance may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Consequently, a product liability
claim or other claim with respect to uninsured liabilities or in excess of insured liabilities could have a material adverse effect on
our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

We depend on certain key personnel. We are
highly dependent on a limited number of key management personnel, particularly our President and CEO, Gregory J. Trudel. Our loss of key
personnel to death, disability or termination, or our inability to hire and retain qualified personnel, could have a material adverse
effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flow. 

Any cybersecurity-related attack, significant data
breach or disruption of the information technology systems or networks on which we rely could negatively affect our business. Our
operations rely on information technology systems for the use, storage and transmission of sensitive and confidential information with
respect to our customers, suppliers, employees and other parties. A malicious cybersecurity-related attack, intrusion or disruption by
either an internal or external source or other breach of the systems on which we and our employees conduct business, could lead to unauthorized
access to, use of, loss of or unauthorized disclosure of sensitive and confidential information, disruption of our services, and resulting
regulatory enforcement actions, litigation, indemnity obligations and other possible liabilities, as well as negative publicity, which
could damage our reputation, impair sales and harm our business. Cyberattacks and other malicious internet-based activity continue to
increase. In addition to traditional computer hackers, malicious code (such as viruses and worms), phishing, employee theft
or misuse and denial-of-service attacks, sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors now engage in attacks (including
advanced persistent threat intrusions). Despite efforts to create security barriers to such threats, it is not feasible, as a practical
matter, for us to entirely mitigate these risks. If our security measures are compromised as a result of third-party action, employee,
customer, or user error, malfeasance, stolen or fraudulently obtained log-in credentials or otherwise, our reputation would be damaged,
our data, information or intellectual property, or those of our customers, may be destroyed, stolen or otherwise compromised, our business
may be harmed and we could incur significant liability. 

14 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not required for small reporting companies. 

Item 2. Properties 

We lease 28,696 square feet of office and manufacturing
space under noncancelable lease agreements through October 31, 2024 at 6797 Winchester Circle, Boulder, Colorado. We believe that our
existing facilities are adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we are involved in various disputes,
claims, suits, investigations, and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. We believe that the resolution of current
pending legal matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
Nonetheless, we cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings, as legal matters are subject to inherent uncertainties, and there exists
the possibility that the ultimate resolution of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

15 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

During our fiscal years 2023 and 2022, our common stock has been quoted
on the Pink tier, operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. The ticker symbol ECIA has been assigned to our common stock for
over-the-counter quotations. 

We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock
and have no present plans to do so. We presently intend to retain any cash generated from operations in the future for use in our business.
As of March 31, 2023, there were approximately 68 holders of record of our common stock. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

We did not repurchase any of our equity securities
during the period covered by this Annual Report. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Certain statements
contained in this section are not historical facts, including statements about our strategies and expectations about new and existing
products, market demand, acceptance of new and existing products, technologies and opportunities, market and industry segment growth,
and return on investments in products and markets. These statements are forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and involve substantial risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from
those indicated by the forward looking statements. All forward looking statements in this section are based on information available to
us on the date of this document, and we assume no obligation to update such forward looking statements. Readers of this Form 10-K are
strongly encouraged to review the section entitled Risk Factors . 

Outlook 

Installed Base of AEM Monitoring Equipment .
We believe that we are gaining more awareness in medico-legal circles and publications and from presentations at medical meetings. We
believe that improvement in the quality of sales representatives carrying our AEM products line, along with increased marketing efforts
and the introduction of new products, may provide the basis for increased sales and continuing profitable operations. However, these measures,
or any others that we may adopt, may not result in either increased sales or continuing profitable operations. 

Possibility of Operating Losses. We have an
accumulated deficit of 21,853,264 at March 31, 2023. We have made significant strides toward improving our operating results. However,
due to the ongoing need to develop new products, the need to develop, optimize and train our sales distribution network and the need to
increase sustained sales to a level adequate to cover fixed and variable operating costs, we may operate at a net loss in future periods. 

Sales Growth . We expect to generate increased
sales in the U.S. from sales to new hospital customers and to grow AEM instrumentation sales to existing accounts. In fiscal year 2024,
we will focus on growing our AEM franchise through a campaign focused on the clinical, economic and safety benefits of AEM technology,
a medico-legal initiative and our new AEM products. In addition, prior years efforts in vertical integration have given us three
core competencies electrosurgery, instrument design, and manufacturing which we expect will allow us to increase sales
from our strategic partnership initiatives. Our goal is to offer our customers an AEM disposable counterpart for each AEM reusable instrument. 

16 

Gross Margin. We believe that if our fiscal
year 2024 revenues increase, then our fiscal year 2024 gross profit and gross margin, as a percentage of revenue, will increase due to
a higher gross margin on product revenue as a result of an increase in product produced. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses. We continue
our efforts to expand domestic and international distribution capability, and we believe that sales
and marketing expenses will need to be maintained at a healthy level in order to expand our market visibility and optimize the field sales
capability of converting new hospital customers to AEM technology . Sales and marketing expenses
are expected to increase as we increase our marketing efforts to support our direct sales representatives. In fiscal year 2024, we expect
to have six direct sales managers. Each direct sales manager also manages a separate territory. 

Manufacturing .
We believe that we will be able to achieve cost reductions, and provide better control over
quality and consistency, by producing products on our own. We manufacture our own disposable scissor inserts and are exploring other products
that we may manufacture internally. 

Research and Development Expenses . Research
and development expenses are expected to increase to support expansion to our AEM product line, which will further expand the instrument
 options for the surgeon. New refinements to AEM product lines are planned for introduction
in fiscal year 2024. 

Results of Operations 

Net Product
revenue. Net product revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 FY
23 was 6,885,158, and for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 FY 22 ), net revenue was 6,914,678, or no percentage
change. Product revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 decreased primarily as a result of the decrease in non-essential surgical
procedures performed during this period due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Net Service
revenue . Net service revenue for FY 23 was 463,356, and for FY 22 net service revenue
was 753,958. Net service revenue was for engineering services performed under a Master Services Agreement with Auris Health, Inc. Auris
Health ). Auris Health is a part of the Johnson Johnson family of companies. Under the agreement, we collaborated on the integration
of AEM technology into monopolar instrumentation produced by Auris Health for advanced surgical applications. On August 23, 2021,
we entered into a Supply Agreement with Auris Health, Inc. On May 5, 2022, the parties mutually agreed to terminate all of our agreements. 

Gross profit. 
Gross profit in FY 23 was 4,032,533, which represented an increase of 244,115, or 6 , from gross profit in FY 22 of 3,788,418. Gross
profit margin was 52 of net product revenue for FY 22 and 49 of net product revenue for FY 21. Gross profit increased in FY 23 from
FY 22 due principally to higher selling prices and high margin service revenue. Our product revenue from GPOs in FY 22 was approximately
79 of our total product revenue. In FY 23, we had increased product vendor costs that were not allowed
to be passed on to our GPO customers for most of the fiscal year and resulted in a compressed gross profit margin. 

Sales and
marketing expenses. Sales and marketing expenses were 2,032,415 in FY 23, a decrease of 51,695, or 2 , from 2,084,110 in FY 22.
The decrease was the result of decreased advertising. 

General
and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses were 1,486,796 in FY 23, an increase of 105,709, or 8 , from 1,381,087
in FY 22. The increase was the result of decreased allocations. 

17 

Research
and development expenses. Research and development expenses were 816,119 in FY 23, a decrease of 102,036 or 11 , from 918,155 in
FY 22. The decrease was the result of decreased patent costs and test materials. 

Other (expense), net. Other (expense), net
of 21,148 for FY 23 was primarily for interest expense of 19,529. 

Net (loss). 
Net (loss) in FY 23 of 323,945 represented a loss in crease of 258,351 compared to FY 22
net loss of 65,594. The net loss increase was principally the result of extinguishment of debt income of 533,118 in FY 22. 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

To date, operating funds have been provided primarily
by issuances of our common stock and warrants, the exercise of stock options to purchase our common stock, loans and, in some years, by
operating profits. To date, common stock and additional paid in capital totaled 24,348,075 from our inception through March 31, 2023.
Our operations used 861,485 and 444,432 of cash in FY 23 and FY 22, respectively, on net revenue of 7,348,514 and 7,668,636 in FY
23 and FY 22, respectively. Working capital was 1,993,777 at March 31, 2023 compared to 2,325,331 at March 31, 2022. The decrease in
working capital was primarily caused by the FY 23 net loss. Current liabilities were 1,130,826 at March 31, 2023 compared to 1,276,391
at March 31, 2022. 

On February 8,
2021, we entered into a second unsecured promissory note under the PPP for a principal amount of 533,118. This was our second PPP loan.
During the quarter that ended September 30, 2021, we achieved the requirements for forgiveness of the second note and recognized the forgiveness
as extinguishment of debt income of 533,118. 

On November 15, 2022, we entered into a loan and
security agreement with Pathward, N.A. (formerly Crestmark Bank). The loan is due on demand and has no financial covenants. Under
the agreement, we were provided with a line of credit that is not to exceed the lesser of 1,000,000 or 85 of eligible accounts receivable.
The interest rate is prime rate plus 0.5 , with a floor of 6.75 , plus a monthly maintenance fee of 0.4 , based on the average monthly
loan balance. Interest is charged on a minimum loan balance of 300,000, a loan fee of 0.5 at closing and annually, and an exit fee
of 3 , 2 and 1 during years one, two and three, respectively. 

We believe that the unique performance of AEM technology
and our breadth of independent endorsements provide an opportunity for market share growth. We believe that the market awareness of AEM
technology and its endorsements is continually improving and that this will benefit revenue efforts in FY 24. We believe that we enter
FY 24 having achieved improvements in the clinical credibility of our technology. Our FY 24 operating plan is focused on growing revenue,
increasing gross profits, increasing research and development costs while increasing profits and positive cash flows. We cannot predict
with certainty the expected revenue, gross profit, net income or loss and usage of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash for FY 24.
We believe that cash resources and borrowing capacity will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months under
our current operating plan. If we are unable to manage business operations in line with our budget expectations, it could have a material
adverse effect on business viability, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Further, if we are not successful in sustaining
profitability and remaining at least cash flow break-even, additional capital may be required to maintain ongoing operations. 

18 

We have explored and are continuing to explore options
to provide additional financing to fund future operations as well as other possible courses of action. Such actions include, but are not
limited to, securing a larger credit facility, sales of debt or equity securities (which may result in dilution to existing shareholders),
licensing of technology, strategic alliances and other similar actions. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional
funding (if needed) through a sale of our common stock or loans from financial institutions or other third parties or through any of the
actions discussed above on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we cannot sustain profitable operations and additional capital is unavailable,
lack of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on our business viability, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Income Taxes 

As of March 31, 2023, net operating loss carryforwards
totaling approximately 7.3 million were available to reduce taxable income in the future. The net operating loss carryforwards expire,
if not previously utilized, at various dates beginning in fiscal year 2023. We have not paid income taxes since our inception. The Tax
Reform Act of 1986 and other income tax regulations contain provisions which may limit the net operating loss carryforwards available
to be used in any given year if certain events occur, including changes in our ownership. We have established a valuation allowance for
the entire amount of our deferred tax asset since inception due to our history of losses. Should we achieve sufficient, sustained income
in the future, we may conclude that some or all of the valuation allowance should be reversed. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We do not utilize variable interest entities or other
off-balance sheet financial arrangements. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Effective November 9, 2017, we extended our noncancelable
lease agreement through July 31, 2024, and further extended it through October 31, 2024, for our facilities at 6797 Winchester Circle,
Boulder, Colorado. Lease expense was 329,255 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 and 357,644 for the fiscal year ended March 31,
2022. The minimum future lease payment, by fiscal year, as of March 31, 2023 is as follows: 

Fiscal Year 
 Amount 
 
 2024 
 386,667 
 
 2025 
 232,139 
 
 Total 
 618,806 

On August 4, 2020, we received 150,000 in loan funding
from the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA under the Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL program administered
by the SBA, which program was expanded pursuant to the CARES Act. The EIDL is evidenced by a promissory note, dated August 1, 2021 in
the original principal amount of 150,000 with the SBA, the lender. Under the terms of the Note, interest accrues on the outstanding principal
at the rate of 3.75 per annum. The term of the Note is thirty years, though it may be payable sooner upon an event of default under the
Note. Under the Note, we will be obligated to make equal monthly payments of principal and interest of 731 beginning on August 1, 2022
through the maturity date of August 1, 2050. The Note may be prepaid in part or in full, at any time, without penalty. 

The minimum future EIDL payment, by fiscal year, as
of March 31, 2023 is as follows: 

Fiscal Year 
 Amount 
 
 2024 
 3,091 
 
 2025 
 3,208 
 
 2026 
 3,331 
 
 2027 
 3,457 
 
 Thereafter 
 148,744 
 
 Total 
 161,831 

During January 2022, we entered into a note agreement
with U.S. Bank for 92,000. The note is for five years at a 5 interest rate and the proceeds were used to purchase equipment. The note
is secured by the equipment. 

19 

The minimum future U.S. Bank payment, by fiscal year,
as of March 31, 2023 is as follows: 

Fiscal Year 
 Amount 
 
 2024 
 18,400 
 
 2025 
 18,400 
 
 2026 
 16,867 
 
 Total 
 53,667 

During September 2022, we entered into a note agreement
with U.S. Bank for 115,004. The note is for five years at a 6 interest rate and the proceeds were used to purchase equipment. The note
is secured by the equipment. 

The minimum future principal U.S. Bank payment, by
fiscal year, as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Fiscal Year 
 Amount 
 
 2024 
 23,000 
 
 2025 
 23,000 
 
 2026 
 23,000 
 
 Thereafter 
 36,090 
 
 Total 
 105,090 

Payment due by period 
 
 Contractual obligations 
 Totals 
 Less than 1 year 
 1-3 years 
 3-5 years 
 More than 5 years 
 
 Lease obligations 
 618,806 
 386,667 
 232,139 

EIDL note 
 161,831 
 3,091 
 6,539 
 6,788 
 145,413 
 
 U.S. Bank note 
 53,667 
 18,400 
 35,267 

U.S. Bank note 
 105,090 
 23,000 
 46,000 
 36,090 

Totals 
 939,394 
 431,158 
 319,945 
 42,878 
 145,413 

Aside from the
operating lease, we do not have any material contractual commitments requiring settlement in the future. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States . The preparation
of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales
and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including
 those related to bad debts, inventories, sales returns, warranty, contingencies and litigation.
We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the following
critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements.

We record revenue
at a single point in time, when control is transferred to the customer, which is consistent with past practice. We will continue to apply
our current business processes, policies, systems and controls to support recognition and disclosure. Our shipping policy is FOB Shipping
Point. We recognize revenue from sales to stocking distributors when there is no right of return, other than for normal warranty claims.
We have no ongoing obligations related to product sales, except for normal warranty obligations. We evaluated the requirement to disaggregate
product revenue, and concluded that substantially all of its revenue comes from multiple products within a line of medical devices. Our
engineering service contracts are billed on a time and materials basis and revenue is recognized over time as the services are performed 

We maintain allowances
for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. If the financial condition
of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make
payments, additional allowances would be required, which would increase our expenses during the periods in which any such allowances were
made. The amount recorded as a provision for bad debts in each period is based upon our assessment of the likelihood that we will be paid
on our outstanding receivables, based on customer-specific as well as general considerations. To the extent that our estimates prove to
be too high, and we ultimately collect a receivable previously determined to be impaired, we may record a reversal of the provision in
the period of such determination. 

20 

We provide for
the estimated cost of product warranties at the time sales are recognized. While we engage in extensive product quality programs and processes,
including actively monitoring and evaluating the quality of our component suppliers, we have
experienced some costs related to warranty. The warranty accrual is based upon historical experience and is adjusted based on current
experience. Should actual warranty experience differ from our estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liability would be required.

We reduce inventory
for estimated obsolete or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market value
based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If a ctual market conditions
are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. Any write-downs of inventory
would reduce our reported net income during the period in which such write-downs were applied. 

We recognize deferred income tax assets and liabilities
for the expected future income tax consequences, based on enacted tax laws, of temporary differences between the financial reporting and
tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are then reduced, if deemed necessary, by a valuation allowance for the amount
of any tax benefits which, more likely than not based on current circumstances, are not expected to be realized. Should we achieve sufficient,
sustained income in the future, we may conclude that all or some of the valuation allowance should be reversed. 

Property and equipment are stated at cost, with depreciation
computed over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally three to seven years. We use the straight-line method of depreciation
for property and equipment. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful
life of the asset. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred and major additions, replacements and improvements are capitalized. 

We amortize our
patent costs over their estimated useful lives, which is typically the remaining statutory life. From time to time, we may be required
to adjust these lives based on advances in technology, competitor actions, and the like . We
review the recorded amounts of patents at each period end to determine if their carrying amount is still recoverable based on our expectations
regarding sales of related products. Such an assessment, in the future, may result in a conclusion that the assets are impaired, with
a corresponding charge against earnings. 

Stock-based compensation
is presented in accordance with the guidance of Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ).
Under the provisions of ASC 718, companies are required to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards made to employees and
directors including employee stock options based on estimated fair values on the date of grant
using an option-pricing model. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over
the requisite service periods in our statements of operations. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not required. 

21 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

The following financial statements
are included in this Report: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 23 

Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 25 

Statements of Operations 
 for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 26 

Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and
 2022 
 
 27 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and
 2022 
 
 28 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 29 

22 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Encision Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of Encision Inc. (the Company as of March 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statement of operations, statements
of stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the year then ended, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the year then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Inventories 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

The Company s inventories consist of finished
goods and raw materials, which are manufactured or purchased for use in the Company s finished goods. The Company offers several
different products to its customers. The cost of the inventory is a combination of raw materials, labor to convert those materials to
components of the inventory and finished goods, and an allocation of overhead and related costs. The Company also prepares an obsolescence
valuation at year end to properly record inventory at lower of cost or net realizable value. 

Significant judgment is exercised by the Company in
determining the costs of inventory and includes the following: 

Determination of which costs to include at each manufacturing phase, including
overhead allocation and materials used for production and finished goods. 

Identification of Inventory on hand and any obsolescence reserve or write-offs
determined based on usability of inventory on hand. 

Given the inherent uncertainty in forecasting product
demand, including the impact of product releases, auditing the reasonableness of management s estimated and assumptions related
to inventory reserve required a high degree of auditor judgement and an increased extent of effort. 

23 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our principal audit procedures related to the Company's
inventory included the following: 

We evaluated management s significant accounting policies related
to inventory for reasonableness. 

We selected a sample of finished goods and raw materials and performed detailed
testing over the items selected, including but not limited to the following: 

o Agreed the bill of materials source documents for each selection, including
invoice, labor and overhead allocations, and any other items relevant to price verification 

o Tested managements identification and application of inventory costs for
components and finished goods 

o Performed a physical inventory count as of year-end and tested the reconciliation
of quantities on hand to the inventory listing, performing both existence and completeness testing. 

o Assessed the reasonableness of costs and the appropriate application of
managements significant accounting policies related to Inventory, including determination of inventory obsolescence reserve. 

Emphasis of Matters-Risks and Uncertainties 

The Company is not able to predict the ultimate impact that COVID -19 will
have on its business. However, if the current economic conditions continue, the pandemic could have an adverse impact on the economies
and financial markets of many countries, including the geographical area in which the Company plans to operate. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

PCAOB ID: 

June 28, 2023 

24 

Encision Inc. 

 Balance Sheets 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories, net of reserve for obsolescence of at March 31, 2023 and at March 31, 2022 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total current assets 

Equipment: 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment, at cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

Equipment, net 

Right of use asset 

Patents, net of accumulated amortization of at March 31, 2023 and at March 31, 2022 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Line of credit 

Secured notes 

Accrued compensation 

Other accrued liabilities 

Accrued lease liability 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liability: 

Secured notes 

Accrued lease liability 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 4) 

Shareholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized; issued and outstanding 

Common stock and additional paid-in capital, par value: shares authorized; issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and at March 31, 2022 

Accumulated (deficit) 

Total shareholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes to financial statements are an integral part of
these statements. 

25 

Encision Inc. 

 Statements of Operations 

Years Ended 
 March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 NET REVENUE: 

Product 

Service 

Total revenue 

COST OF REVENUE: 

Product 

Service 

Total cost of revenue 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

OPERATING (LOSS) 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Interest expense, net 

Extinguishment of debt income 

Other income, (expense) net 

Interest expense, extinguishment of debt income and other income, expense, net 

(LOSS) BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

Provision for income taxes 

NET LOSS) 

Net (loss) per share basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares basic 

Weighted average shares diluted 

The accompanying notes to financial statements are an integral part of
these statements. 

26 

Encision Inc. 

 Statements of Shareholders Equity 

s 

Shares of 
Common 
Stock 
 Common 
Stock and 
Additional 
Paid-in 
Capital 
 Accumulated 
Deficit 
 Total 
Shareholders 
Equity 
 
 BALANCES AT MARCH 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Compensation expense related to equities 

Options exercised 

BALANCES AT MARCH 31, 2022 

Net loss 

Compensation expense related to equities 

Options exercised 

BALANCES AT MARCH 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes to financial statements are an integral part of
these statements. 

27 

Encision Inc. 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended 
 March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Cash flows (used in) operating activities: 

Net (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash (used in) operating activities: 

Extinguishment of debt income 

Write-off of tooling 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options 

(Recovery from) doubtful accounts, net change 

Provision for (recovery from) for inventory obsolescence, net change 

Other income from release of account payable 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Right of use asset, net 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation and other accrued liabilities 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows (used in) investing activities: 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

Patent costs 

Net cash (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities: 

Borrowings from credit facility, net change 

Borrowings from (paydown of) secured notes 

Net proceeds (payments) from exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of fiscal year 

Cash, end of fiscal year 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activity information: 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for interest 

The accompanying notes to financial statements are an integral part of
these statements. 

28 

ENCISION INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

at March
31, 2023. Operating funds have been provided primarily by issuances of our common stock and warrants, the exercise of stock options to
purchase our common stock, loans, and by operating profits. Our liquidity has diminished because of prior years operating losses,
and we may be required to seek additional capital in the future. 

Our strategic marketing and sales plan is designed
to expand the use of our products in surgically active hospitals in the United States. 

In February 2023, we signed a Proof of Concept Services
Agreement with Vicarious Surgical Inc. Vicarious ). The Vicarious robot design intends to maximize visualization, precision,
and control of instruments in robotic-assisted minimally invasive surgery. 

In February 2023, we signed a Supplier Agreement Agreement with Human Xtensions Human X ). Under the Agreement, we will perform manufacturing services, which includes procuring materials,
manufacturing, assembling, and testing products pursuant to detailed written specifications for Human X. Human X develops unmediated surgical
systems that combine the capacity of robotics with the benefits of handheld tools and ergonomic bed mounts. 

We had (net loss) available to shareholders of and for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At March 31, 2023, we had in cash available to
fund future operations, and outstanding borrowings of . In February 2021, we entered into an unsecured promissory note under the
PPP for a principal amount of . The PPP was established under the congressionally approved CARES Act. The term of the PPP loan
is for two years with an interest rate of per year, which will be deferred for the first six months of the term of the loan. After
the initial six-month deferral period, the loan requires monthly payments of principal and interest until maturity with respect to any
portion of the PPP loan which is not forgiven. Under the terms of the CARES Act, a PPP loan recipient may apply for, and be granted,
forgiveness for all or a portion of loans granted under the PPP. During the quarter ended September 30, 2021 we achieved the requirements
for forgiveness of the loan and recognized extinguishment of debt income. We increased our pricing on products to mitigate somewhat our
higher material costs. We have a new line of credit for up to million, restricted by eligible receivables. Management concludes that
it is probable that our cash resources and line of credit will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements for twelve months from the
issuance of the financial statements 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. 

federally insured limit at March 31, 2023. However, we believe that cash on deposit that exceeds in the financial
institutions is financially sound and the risk of loss is minimal. 

We have no significant off-balance sheet concentrations
of credit risk such as foreign exchange contracts, options contracts or other foreign hedging arrangements. We maintain the majority of
our cash balances with one financial institution in the form of demand deposits. 

Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are
derived from transactions with and from entities in the healthcare industry primarily located in the United States. Accordingly, we may
be exposed to credit risk generally associated with the healthcare industry. We maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated
losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. We charge interest
on past due accounts on a case-by-case basis. 

The net accounts receivable balance at March 31, 2023
of included no more than 8 from any one customer. The net accounts receivable balance at March 31, 2022 of included
no more than 14 from any one customer. 

Finished goods 

Total gross inventories 

Less reserve for obsolescence 

Total net inventories 

A summary of the activity in our inventory reserve
for obsolescence is as follows: 

Provision for estimated obsolescence 

Write-off of obsolete inventory 

Balance, end of year 

and , respectively. 

Write off of obsolete patents 

Accumulated amortization 

Patents issued, net of accumulated amortization 

Patent applications 

Accumulated amortization 

Patent applications, net of accumulated amortization 

Total net patents and patent applications 

The expected annual amortization expense related to
patents and patent applications as of March 31, 2023, for the next five fiscal years, is as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Sales and use tax 

Marketing fees 

Payroll taxes, payroll 

Miscellaneous 

Total other accrued liabilities 

The cumulative effect of adopting ASC 740 on April
1, 2007 has been recorded net in deferred tax assets, which resulted in no ASC 740 liability on the balance sheet. The total amount of
unrecognized tax benefits as of the date of adoption was zero. There are open statutes of limitations for taxing authorities in federal
and state jurisdictions to audit the Company s tax returns from fiscal year ended March 31, 2003 through the current period. Our
policy is to account for income tax related interest and penalties in income tax expense in the statements of operations. There have been
no income tax related interest or penalties assessed or recorded. Because the Company has provided a full valuation allowance on all of
its deferred tax assets, the adoption of ASC 740 had no impact on our effective tax rate. 

and , respectively, which consisted of stock-based compensation expense related
to director and employee stock options. 

Stock-based compensation expense related to director
and employee stock options under ASC 718 for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 was allocated as follows: 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating income (loss) 

Depreciation and amortization 

Capital expenditures 

Equipment and patents, net 

Weighted-average shares basic 

Effect of dilutive potential common shares 

Weighted-average shares basic and diluted 

Net loss per share basic and diluted 

Antidilutive equity units 

and shares of stock were
granted during fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

As of March 31, 2023, of total unrecognized
compensation costs related to nonvested stock is expected to be recognized over a period of five years. The assumptions for employee stock
options are summarized as follows: 

to 
 to 
 
 Expected life (in years) 

Expected volatility 
 to 
 to 
 
 Expected dividend 

Cumulative compensation cost recognized in net income
or loss with respect to options that are forfeited prior to vesting is adjusted as a reduction of compensation expense in the period of
forfeiture. The volatility of the stock is based on the historical volatility for the period that approximates the expected lives of the
options being valued. Fair value computations are highly sensitive to the volatility factor; the greater the volatility, the higher the
computed fair value of options granted. 

The total fair value of options granted was computed
to be approximately and , for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For disclosure purposes, these
amounts are amortized ratably over the vesting periods of the options. Effects of stock-based compensation, net of the effect of forfeitures,
totaled and for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The Black-Scholes model was developed for use in estimating
the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, option valuation models require
the use of assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility. Because our employee stock options have characteristics significantly
different than those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate,
in management s opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of our employee
stock options. A summary of our stock option activity and related information for equity compensation plans approved by security holders
for each of the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 is as follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/expired 

Reclassified 

BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/expired 

BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2023 

The following table summarizes information about employee stock options
outstanding and exercisable at March 31, 2023: 

0.38 - 0.50 

0.54 - 1.40 

The options outstanding as of March 31,
2023 are nonqualified stock options. The exercise price of all options granted through March 31, 2023 has been equal to or greater than
the fair market value, as determined by our Board of Directors or based upon publicly quoted market values of our common stock on the
date of the grant. 

, and an operating lease liability of as of April 1, 2019. The difference between the initial operating
ROU asset and operating lease liability of is accrued rent previously recorded under ASC 840. We elected to adopt the package
of practical expedients and, accordingly, did not reassess any previously expired or existing arrangements and related classifications
under ASC 840. 

If the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable,
we use our incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. We use our best judgement when determining the incremental borrowing rate,
which is the rate of interest that we would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term to the lease payments. 

Our operating lease includes the use of real property.
We have not identified any material finance leases as of March 31, 2023. 

For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we had
 and , respectively, for lease expense. 

The following is a maturity analysis of the annual
undiscounted cash flows reconciled to the carrying value of the operating lease liabilities as of March 31, 2023: 

2025 

Total operating lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term 
 years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

On February 8,
2021, we entered into a second unsecured promissory note under the PPP for a principal amount of . This was our second PPP loan.
During the quarter that ended September 30, 2021, we achieved the requirements for forgiveness of the second note and recognized the forgiveness
as extinguishment of debt income of . 

On November 15, 2022, we entered into a loan and security
agreement with Pathward, N.A. (formerly Crestmark Bank). The loan is due on demand and has no financial covenants. 

The minimum future EIDL payment, by fiscal year, as
of March 31, 2023 is as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

The minimum future U.S. Bank payment, by fiscal year,
as of March 31, 2023 is as follows: 

2025 

2026 

Total 

During September 2022, we entered into a note
agreement with U.S. Bank for . The note is for five years at a interest rate and the proceeds were used to purchase
equipment. The note is secured by the equipment. 

The minimum future principal U.S. Bank payment, by
fiscal year, as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

We are subject to regulation by the United States
Food and Drug Administration FDA ). The FDA provides regulations governing the manufacture and sale of our products and
regularly inspects us and other manufacturers to determine our and their compliance with these regulations. As of March 31, 2023, we believe
we were in substantial compliance with all known regulations. FDA inspections are conducted periodically at the discretion of the FDA.
We were last inspected in October 2019. 

Our obligation with respect to employee severance
benefits is minimized by the at will nature of the employee relationships. Our total obligation with respect to contingent
severance benefit obligations was none as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

State 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Total deferred 

Valuation allowance 

Total 

The following is a reconciliation
between the effective rate and the federal statutory rate: 

State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

PPP forgiveness 

Other permanent differences 

Research credits 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 

The components of the net accumulated deferred income tax asset (liability)
are as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Current deferred tax assets 

Credits and net operating loss carryforwards 

Valuation allowance 

Long-term deferred tax assets 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Long-term deferred tax liabilities 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

The primary components of our deferred tax assets
are described below: 

Years Ended 
 March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Differences in reporting long-term assets 

Credits and net operating loss carryforwards 

Less valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets,
management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The
ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which net
operating losses and reversal of timing differences may offset taxable income. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred
tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. A valuation allowance is provided
when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Due to our lack of earnings history,
the net deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation allowance. 

As of March 31, 2023, we had approximately million
of net operating loss carryovers for tax purposes. Additionally, we have approximately of research and development tax credits
available to offset future federal income taxes. The net operating loss and credit carryovers begin to expire in the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2024. In fiscal years ended after March 31, 2023, net operating losses expire at various dates through . Our net
operating loss carryovers at March 31, 2023 include 455,000 in income tax deductions related to stock options which will be tax effected
and the benefit will be reflected as a credit to additional paid-in capital when realized. As such, these deductions are not reflected
in our deferred tax assets. The Internal Revenue Code contains provisions, which may limit the net operating loss carryforwards available
to be used in any given year if certain events occur, including significant changes in ownership interests. 

of our inventory purchases. 

and to
an entity owned by one of our directors in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

38 

Item 9 . Changes In and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

 None. 

Item 9A . Controls and Procedures. 

Management s Evaluation of Disclosures Controls
and Procedures 

We carried out an evaluation under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, of
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive
Officer and the Principal Accounting Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of March 31,
2023. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the Company are made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material
effect on our financial statements. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013. 

Based upon our evaluation of internal controls, our
CEO and PFAO determined that (i) we have a material weakness over our entity level control environment as of March 31, 2023 and (ii) our
internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March 31, 2023. Our preventive and review controls failed to detect
errors related to the valuation of inventory and cutoff of service revenue. 

Remediation Activities 

Management has been actively engaged in remediating
the above described material weaknesses. The following remedial actions have been taken: 

We have made changes in our policy regarding how contract revenue and related
costs are booked. Under the revised policy, such revenue and costs are now booked in the same month as the related work is performed. 

We have changed our policy regarding reserves for slow moving inventory.
Under our revised, policy we now book additional inventory reserves for all inventory older than 18 months, even if management believes
such inventory is still salable. 

The Company will design and implement additional procedures
in fiscal 2024 and 2025 in order to assure that audit/accounting personnel are more involved with the Company s inventory activities
and service revenue to monitor and earlier identify accounting issues that may be raised by the Company s ongoing activities. 

The process of implementing an effective financial
reporting system is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the economic and regulatory
environments and to expend significant resources to maintain a financial reporting system that is adequate to satisfy our reporting obligations.
As we continue to evaluate and take actions to improve our internal control over financial reporting, we may take additional actions to
address control deficiencies or modify certain of the remediation measures described above. 

39 

While progress has been made to enhance our internal
control over financial reporting, we are still in the process of implementing these processes, procedures and controls. Additional time
is required to complete implementation and to assess and ensure the sustainability of these procedures. We believe the above actions will
be effective in remediating the material weaknesses described above and we will continue to devote significant time and attention to these
remedial efforts. However, the material weaknesses cannot be considered remediated until the applicable remedial controls operate for
a sufficient period of time and management has concluded that these controls are operating effectively. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Changes In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Other than the applicable remediation efforts described
above, there were no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the twelve months ended March 31, 2023
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9 B . Other Information 

None. 

40 

PART III 

Item 10 . Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance. 

 Information in response to this item is incorporated
by reference from the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed within 120 days
after March 31, 2023. 

Item 11 . Executive Compensation . 

 Information in response to this item is incorporated
by reference from the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed within 120 days
after March 31, 2023. 

Item 12 . Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters . 

 Information in response to this item is incorporated
by reference from the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed within 120 days
after March 31, 2023. 

 The following table summarizes certain information
regarding our equity compensation plan as of March 31, 2023: 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding equity units 
 Weighted-average exercise price of equity units 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity units plan 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 1,049,000 
 0.66 
 51,000 

Item 13 . Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 

 Information in response to this item is incorporated
by reference from the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed within 120 days
after March 31, 2023. 

Item 14 . Principal Accounting
Fees and Services. 

Information in response to this item is incorporated
by reference from the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed within 120 days
after March 31, 2023. 

PART IV 

 Item 15 . Exhibits, Financial Statement
Schedules . 

 (b) Exhibits - The following exhibits are
attached to this report on Form 10-K or are incorporated herein by reference: 

3.1 Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended. (Incorporated by reference from Registration Statement #333-4118-D dated June
25, 1996). 

3.2 Bylaws of the Company. (Incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 30, 2007). 

3.3 First Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2017). 

4.1 Form of certificate for shares of Common Stock. (Incorporated by reference from Registration Statement #333-4118-D dated June 25,
1996). 

4.2 Description of Capital Stock. (Incorporated by reference from Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 14, 2019) 

10.1 Lease Agreement dated June 3, 2004 between Encision Inc. and DaPuzzo Investment Group, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 12, 2004). 

41 

10.2 Encision Inc. 2007 Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference from Proxy Statement dated June 30, 2007). 

10.3 Encision Inc. First Amended and Restated 2014 Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference from Proxy Statement dated July 6, 2020).

10.4 Employment Agreement, dated December 17, 2013, between Encision Inc. and Gregory J. Trudel (Incorporated by reference from Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2013). 

10.5 Employment Agreement, dated November 14, 2016, between Encision Inc. and Gregory J. Trudel (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-1
to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2016). 

10.6 Fifth Amendment to Office Building Lease dated November 9, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q filed February 12, 2018). 

10.7 PPP Promissory Note dated as of April 17, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
on April 23, 2020). 

10.8 Economic Injury Disaster Loan dated as of August 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q filed on August 14, 2020). 

10.9 US Bank Equipment Finance Note dated January 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our
 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 23, 2021) 

10.10 PPP Promissory Note dated as of February 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 filed on February 12, 2021). 
 10.11 Supply Agreement dated August 23, 2021 between Auris Health, Inc. and Encision Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021).+ 
 
 10.12 New Line of Credit and Security Agreement with Pathward, N.A. dated November
15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2022) 
 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Gries and Associates. 

31.1 Section 302 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

31.2 Section 302 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

32.1 Section 906 Certifications 
 101 Inline interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Balance Sheets, (ii) the Statements of Operations, (iii) Statements of Stockholders Equity, (iv) Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Denotes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

Item 16 . Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

42 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: June 28, 2023 

ENCISION INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Mala Ray 

Mala Ray Controller Principal Accounting Officer Principal Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Date 

/s/ Mala
 Ray 

June 28, 2023 

Mala
 Ray 
 Controller Principal
Accounting Officer Principal Financial Officer 

/s/ Patrick
 W. Pace 

June 28, 2023 

Patrick
 W. Pace 
 Director 

/s/ Robert
 H. Fries 

June 28, 2023 

Robert H. Fries 
 Director 

/s/ Vern
 D. Kornelsen 

June 28, 2023 

Vern
 D. Kornelsen 
 Director 

/s/ Gregory
 J. Trudel 

June 28, 2023 

Gregory
 J. Trudel President
 and CEO Principal Executive Officer 
 Director 

/s/ David
 W. Newton 

June 28, 2023 

David
 W. Newton Vice President - Technology Director 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23x1.htm
 CONSENT

Exhibit 23.1 

Gries Associates, LLC 

 Certified Public Accountants 

 501 S. Cherry Street, Suite 1100 

 Denver, Colorado 80246 

CONSENT OF REGISTERED INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 

 [to come] 

Denver, Colorado 

 PCAOB Firm #6778 

 June 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31x1.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Gregory Trudel, certify
that: 

 1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Encision Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly
report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

 a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

 d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and, 

 5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

 a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Dated: June 28, 2023 

/s/
 Gregory Trudel 

Gregroy Trudel President
 and CEO 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31x2.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Mala Ray, certify that: 

 1.
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Encision Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly
report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

 a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

 d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and, 

 5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

 a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Dated: June 28, 2023 

/s/
 Mala Ray 

Mala Ray Controller,
 Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32x1.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PERIODIC REPORT

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS
OF PERIODIC REPORT 

I, Gregory Trudel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Encision Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

this to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended March 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: June 28, 2023 

/s/ Gregory Trudel 

Gregory Trudel 
President and CEO 

I, Mala Ray, Controller, Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial
Officer of Encision Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

This to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended March 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: June 28, 2023 

/s/
 Mala Ray 

Mala Ray Controller,
 Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ecia-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ecia-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ecia-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ecia-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

