<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1401521_0001401521-23-000023.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20599253</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>349002</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5544302</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7418794</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3803298</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3105393</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001401521-23-000023.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417172508
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001401521-23-000023
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		136
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001401521
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				753241967
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52833
		FILM NUMBER:		23824840

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 2ND AVE S
		CITY:			SAINT PETERSBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		727-895-7737

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 2ND AVE S
		CITY:			SAINT PETERSBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FMG ACQUISITION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070531

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001401521-23-000023.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 uihc-20221231.htm
 10-K

uihc-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________ 
 
 FORM 
 ___________________________________ 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period _____ to _____ 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification Number) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes R 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes R 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. R No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). R No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No R 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 The aggregate market value of shares of the registrant s common stock held by non affiliates of the registrant was approximately as of June 30, 2022, calculated using the closing sales price reported for such date on the Nasdaq Stock Market. For purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by persons who hold more than 10 of the outstanding shares of common stock and shares held by executive officers and directors of the registrant have been excluded because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 
 As of April 10, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Part III of this Form 10-K incorporates by reference certain information from the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 2 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Forward-Looking Statements 3 
 Part I. 
 Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 17 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 30 
 Item 2. Properties 30 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 30 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 30 
 Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 31 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 34 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 57 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 47 
 Auditor s Report (PCAOB ID 
 61 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 66 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 67 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 117 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 117 
 Item 9B. Other Information 117 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 117 
 Part III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 119 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 119 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 119 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 119 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 119 
 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 120 
 Exhibit Index 121 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 123 
 Signatures 124 

Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K (Form 10-K), we present amounts in all tables in thousands, except for share amounts, per share amounts, policy and claim counts or where more specific language or context indicates a different presentation. In the narrative sections of this Form 10-K, we show full values rounded to the nearest thousand. 
 2 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Statements in this Form 10-K or in documents incorporated by reference contain or may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include statements about anticipated growth in revenues, gross written premium, earnings per share, estimated unpaid losses on insurance policies, investment returns, and diversification and expectations about our liquidity, our ability to meet our investment objectives, our ability to manage and mitigate market risk with respect to our investments and our ability to continue as a going concern. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as may, will, expect, endeavor, project, believe, plan, anticipate, intend, could, would, estimate, or continue or the negative variations thereof or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the industry and market in which we operate, and management s beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, without limitation: 
 
 our exposure to catastrophic events and severe weather conditions; 
 the regulatory, economic and weather conditions present in Florida, Texas and Louisiana, the states in which we are most concentrated; 
 our ability to cultivate and maintain agent relationships, particularly our relationship with AmRisc, LLC (AmRisc); 
 the possibility that actual claims incurred may exceed our loss reserves for claims; 
 assessments charged by various governmental agencies; 
 our ability to implement and maintain adequate internal controls over financial reporting; 
 our ability to maintain information technology and data security systems, and to outsource relationships; 
 our reliance on key vendor relationships, and the ability of our vendors to protect the personally identifiable information of our customers, claimants or employees; 
 our ability to attract and retain the services of senior management; 
 risks and uncertainties relating to our mergers, dispositions and other strategic transactions; 
 risks associated with investments in which we share ownership or management with third parties; 
 our ability to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and comply with covenants and other requirements related to our indebtedness; 
 our ability to maintain our market share; 
 changes in the regulatory environment present in the states in which we operate; 
 the impact of new federal or state regulations that affect the insurance industry; 
 the cost, viability and availability of reinsurance; 
 our ability to collect from our reinsurers on our reinsurance claims; 
 dependence on investment income and the composition of our investment portfolio and related market risks; 
 the possibility of the pricing and terms for our products to decline due to the historically cyclical nature of the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance industry; 
 the outcome of litigation pending against us, including the terms of any settlements; 
 downgrades in our financial strength or stability ratings; 
 the impact of future transactions of substantial amounts of our common stock by us or our significant stockholders on our stock price; 
 our ability to meet the standards for continued listing on Nasdaq; 
 substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, including the impact on future financing and reinsurance coverage; 
 our ability to pay dividends in the future, which may be constrained by our holding company structure; 
 the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends in the future, which may affect our liquidity and our ability to meet our 
 obligations; 
 the ability of R. Daniel Peed and his affiliates to exert significant control over us due to substantial ownership of our common stock, subject to certain restrictive covenants that may restrict our ability to pursue certain opportunities; 
 the impact of transactions by R. Daniel Peed and his affiliates on the price of our common stock; 
 provisions in our charter documents that may make it harder for others to obtain control of us; 
 the impact of the novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) and related business disruption and economic uncertainty on 
 our business, results of operations and financial condition; and 
 other risks and uncertainties described in this report, including under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A. 
 3 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

We caution you to not place reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are valid only as of the date they were made. Except as may be required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new information, the occurrence of unanticipated events or otherwise. 
 
 4 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

INTRODUCTION 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 United Insurance Holdings Corp. (referred to in this Form 10-K as we, our, us, the Company or UPC Insurance) is a holding company engaged in the personal residential and commercial residential property and casualty insurance business in the United States. At the end of 2022, our insurance subsidiaries included two Florida domiciled carriers, United Property Casualty Insurance Company (UPC) and American Coastal Insurance Company (ACIC), plus one New York domiciled carrier, Interboro Insurance Company (IIC). At the beginning of 2022, we had two other Florida domiciled insurance subsidiaries, Family Security Insurance Company, which was merged into UPC and Journey Insurance Company, which was merged into ACIC. Our insurance subsidiaries provide personal residential and commercial property and casualty insurance products that protect our policyholders against losses due to damages to structures and their contents. Some of our insurance subsidiaries sell policies that protect against liability for accidents as well as property damage. Our non-insurance subsidiaries support our insurance and investment operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 52.5 of our policies in-force were written in Florida. Our Company s other primary source of revenue is generated from writing insurance in New York, Louisiana and Texas. Our commercial lines business in-force underwritten by ACIC was 100 in Florida at the end of 2022. During 2022, the Company made the strategic decision to exit the personal lines business underwritten by UPC and accelerated the winding down of its affairs. Effective December 1, 2022, we no longer write in the state of North Carolina, where renewal rights have been sold and all premiums and losses are ceded. Effective October 1, 2022, we no longer write in the state of Georgia. Effective June 1, 2022, we no longer write in the state of South Carolina. Effective April 1, 2022, we no longer write in the state of Massachusetts, and effective January 15, 2022, we no longer write in the state of New Jersey. Effective January 1, 2021, we no longer write in the state of Hawaii. Effective December 1, 2021, we no longer write in the states of Connecticut or Rhode Island. 
 
 On August 25, 2022, we announced that UPC had filed plans for withdrawal in the states of Florida, Louisiana, and Texas and intended to file a plan for withdrawal in the state of New York. All filed plans entail non-renewing personal lines policies in these states. Additionally, we announced that Demotech, Inc., an insurance rating agency, notified UPC of its intent to withdraw UPC's Financial Stability Rating. On December 5, 2022, the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation ("FLOIR") issued Consent Order No. 303643-22- CO that provides for the administrative supervision and approval of the plan of run-off for UPC (the "Consent Order"). The Consent Order provides formal approval of UPC's Plan of Run-Off (the "Plan") to facilitate a solvent wind down of its affairs in an orderly fashion. Additionally, in connection with the Plan, IIC has agreed to not pay ordinary dividends without the prior approval of the New York Department of Financial Services until January 1, 2025. On February 10, 2023, we announced that a solvent run-off for UPC was unlikely and on February 27, 2023, UPC was placed into receivership with the Florida Department of Financial Services (DFS) which divested our ownership of UPC. 
 
 Our Company, together with wholly-owned subsidiaries UPC and United Insurance Management L.C. (UIM), entered into a Renewal Rights Agreement (Southeast Renewal Agreement), dated as of December 30, 2021 with Homeowners Choice Property and Casualty, Inc. (HCPCI), pursuant to which our Company, UPC and UIM agreed to sell, and HCPCI agreed to purchase, the renewal rights to UPC s personal lines homeowners business in Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina. The transfer of policies was subject to regulatory approval. Effective June 1, 2022, we began transitioning South Carolina policies to 
 HCPCI. The sale was consummated on December 30, 2021. 
 
 Effective June 1, 2022, we entered into a quota share reinsurance agreement with TypTap Insurance Company (Typtap) in connection with the Southeast Renewal Agreement. Under the terms of this agreement, we cede 100 of our in-force, new, and renewal policies in the states of Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina. This agreement replaces the 85 quota share agreement with HCPCI effective December 31, 2021. Also effective June 1, our third-party quota share reinsurance agreements were renewed to exclude these states. We will no longer retain any risk associated with these states. 
 
 Our Company, together with wholly-owned subsidiaries UPC and UIM, entered into a Renewal Rights Agreement (Northeast Renewal Agreement), dated as of January 18, 2021 with HCPCI and HCI Group, Inc. (HCI), pursuant to which our Company, UPC and UIM agreed to sell, and HCPCI agreed to purchase, the renewal rights to UPC s personal lines homeowners business in Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Jersey and Rhode Island. The transfer of all states was completed as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 5 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Effective June 1, 2021, we entered into a quota share reinsurance agreement with HCPCI and TypTap Insurance Company (TypTap) in connection with the Northeast Renewal Agreement. Under the terms of this agreement, we cede 100 of our in-force, new, and renewal policies in the states of Connecticut, New Jersey, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island. The cession of these policies is 50 to HCPCI and 50 to TypTap. 
 
 We have historically grown our business through organic growth, complemented by strategic acquisitions and 
 partnerships, including our acquisitions of AmCo Holding Company, LLC (AmCo) and its subsidiaries, including ACIC, in 
 April 2017, IIC in April 2016, and Family Security Holdings, LLC (FSH), including its subsidiary Family Security Insurance 
 Company, Inc. (FSIC), in February 2015, and our strategic partnership with a subsidiary of Tokio Marine Kiln Group Limited 
 (Tokio Marine), which formed Journey Insurance Company (JIC) in August 2018. Effective June 1, 2022, we acquired all of the minority interest in JIC from Tokio Marine and then merged JIC into ACIC, with ACIC being the surviving entity. Effective May 31, 2022, we merged FSIC into UPC, with UPC being the surviving entity. 
 
 Financial strength or stability ratings are important to insurance companies in establishing their competitive position and may impact an insurance company s ability to write policies. We are rated by Demotech and Kroll Bond Rating Agency (Kroll). Demotech maintains a letter-scale financial stability rating system ranging from A (A double prime) to L (licensed by insurance regulatory authorities). Kroll maintains a letter-scale financial strength rating system for insurance companies ranging from AAA (extremely strong operations and no risk) to R (operating under regulatory supervision). The financial strength or stability ratings of our insurance company subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 are listed below. As of December 31, 2022, our insurance subsidiary, UPC is no longer rated by Kroll or Demotech. With these ratings, we expect our property insurance policies will be acceptable to the secondary mortgage marketplace and mortgage lenders. 
 
 Subsidiary Demotech Rating Kroll Rating ACIC A A- IIC A A- UIHC BB+ 
 
 Impact of Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) and Financial Status 
 
 We are committed to maintaining a stable and secure business for our employees, agents, customers and stockholders. During the second half of 2020, we were able to resume hiring activities, despite the limits on in-person interviews 
 and on-boarding procedures resulting from COVID-related protocols. In addition, we have converted to virtual sales processes 
 to enable our agents to continue their activities, and launched a virtual inspection software for policyholders and claimants to use to provide us with information related to the risk or claim. We believe these activities, collectively, help ensure the health and safety of our employees through adherence to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), state and local government work guidelines. 
 
 We have not experienced a material impact from COVID-19 on our business operations, financial position, liquidity or our 
 ability to service our policyholders to date, with the exceptions of fluctuations in our investment portfolios due to volatility of 
 the equity securities markets, as further described in Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
 Condition and Results of Operations" of this Form 10-K. We reduced the size of the equity securities portfolio during the second half of 2020, which has reduced the impact of fluctuations in the markets on our financial condition. The COVID-19 
 pandemic and resulting global disruptions did not have a material impact on our access to credit and capital markets needed to 
 maintain sufficient liquidity for our continued operating needs during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We did not incur material claims or significant disruptions to our business for the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of COVID-19. We will continue to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic and take reasonable measures to make sure customers continue to be served without interruption. 

Our Strategy 
 6 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Our vision is to be a top-quartile underwriter of catastrophe exposed property insurance . Our plan is to focus primarily on low-rise commercial property insurance in Florida, through our exclusive managing general agency agreement and long-term partnership with AmRisc, LLC. The Company s continuous portfolio optimization process strives to balance our risk appetite and underwriting profit opportunities with our available capital and reinsurance capacity to achieve consistent and sustainable underwriting profitability for the Company and its reinsurers over time. 
 
 We desire to have the right combination of price, underwriting rules and coverages to earn a return on capital that exceeds our cost of capital throughout the insurance market cycle. The Company also seeks to have risks maintain an appropriate insurance to value through annual re-underwriting and inspection of each property to ensure it meets or exceeds our underwriting guidelines with verified data quality and integrity regarding the key risk characteristics of our covered properties. 
 
 With UPC in receivership, the Company s personal lines business is limited to IIC in New York. As a result of our desire to focus on commercial lines, we expect to divest of IIC leaving us with just ACIC at some point in the future. The Company continues to explore all strategic options for IIC, but remain focused on selling IIC to a third-party. 
 
 Our commercial lines portfolio is concentrated in Florida and personal lines portfolio in New York (excluding UPC) with an ongoing threat of natural catastrophes which exposes our company to risk and volatility. 

PRODUCTS AND DISTRIBUTION 
 
 In July of 2020, we implemented a strategy to de-risk the Company by reducing premiums and exposure from our personal lines segment that was offset with growth in our commercial lines segment . The graphs below show our product mix distribution based on gross written premium. 

7 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Personal Residential Products 
 
 Policies we issue under our homeowners program provide structure, content and liability coverage for standard single-family homeowners, renters and condominium unit owners. Personal residential products are offered in all states in which we write business. We include coverage to policyholders for loss or damage to dwellings, detached structures or equipment caused by covered causes of loss such as fire, wind, hail, water, theft and vandalism. 
 
 In 2022, personal residential property policies (by which we mean both standard homeowners , dwelling fire, renters and condo owners policies) produced written premium of 596,374,000 and accounted for 53.1 of our total gross written premium. Approximately 37.8 of the personal residential gross written premium was written outside of Florida. 
 
 Loss and loss adjustment expenses related to our personal residential products tend to be higher during periods of severe or inclement weather, which varies from state to state. 
 
 With UPC in receivership, the Company s personal lines business is limited to IIC in New York. We are actively working to divest of IIC and its exposure to complete our exit from personal lines. 
 
 Commercial Residential Products 
 
 We primarily provide commercial multi-peril property insurance for residential condominium associations and apartments in Florida. In 2020, we began writing commercial policies in Texas and South Carolina. Effective May 31, 2022, we no longer write commercial policies in Texas and South Carolina. We include coverage to policyholders for loss or damage to buildings, inventory or equipment caused by covered causes of loss such as fire, wind, hail, water, theft and vandalism. 
 
 In 2022, commercial policies produced written premium of 508,243,000 and accounted for 45.2 of our total gross written premium. 
 
 Not-At-Risk Offerings 
 
 On our equipment breakdown, identity theft, cyber security, and flood policies (excluding our inland flood policies) we earn a commission while retaining no risk of loss, since all such risk is ceded to the federal government via the National Flood Insurance Program (flood risk) and other private companies (other risks). We offer flood policies in all states in which we write business. Flood policies produced written premium of 19,446,000 and accounted for 1.7 of our total gross written premium at December 31, 2022. On June 9, 2022, we entered into a renewal rights agreement with Wright National Flood Insurance Company to sell our entire NFIP Write Your Own flood insurance business. 
 
 Other Offerings 
 
 In addition to our personal and commercial residential products, in December 2019, we began offering Inland Flood insurance. These products did not comprise a material portion of our written business at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Underwriting 
 
 We price our products at levels that we project will generate an acceptable underwriting profit. We aim to accurately reflect the risk and profitability of each potential policy. The Company uses pricing algorithms, judgement-based rating and consent to rate methodologies that consider insurance credit scores (where allowable) and historical attritional loss costs for the rating territory in which the risk resides, as well as projected reinsurance costs based on the specific geographic and structural characteristics of the property. We seek to optimize our portfolio by managing our probable maximum loss, total insured value and average annual loss. As part of this optimization process, we use the output from third-party modeling software to analyze our risk exposures, including wind exposures, by zip code or street address. 
 
 We measure our underwriting profitability by the combined ratio, which is a sum of the ratios of losses, loss adjustment expenses, and underwriting expenses to either gross or net earned premiums. A combined ratio under 100 indicates an underwriting profit. Refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of this report for further details on our combined ratio. 

8 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Distribution Channels 
 
 Our commercial lines policies are marketed and distributed to condominium associations by AmRisc, LLC through a network of independent agencies managed by AmRisc, LLC that specialize in commercial residential insurance. AmRisc, LLC is an unaffiliated third-party owned by Truist Financial Corporation (NYSE: TFC) and represents 100 of our commercial lines revenue based on our exclusive agreement in Florida. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we marketed and distributed our personal lines policies to consumers through approximately 3,500 independent agencies, with only one agency, Allstate, through their Ivantage program, representing more than 10 of our personal lines revenue. 
 
 The Company focused on the independent agency distribution channel since its inception, and we believe independent agents and agencies build relationships in their communities that can lead to profitable business and policyholder satisfaction. We believe we have built significant credibility and loyalty with the independent agent communities in the states in which we operate through (i) our extensive training for full-service insurance agencies that distribute our products and (ii) periodic business reviews using established benchmarks and goals for premium volume and profitability. 
 
 Typically, a full-service agency is small to medium in size and represents several insurance companies for both personal and commercial product lines. We depend on our independent agents to produce new business for us. We compensate our independent agents primarily with fixed-rate commissions that we believe are consistent with those generally prevailing in the market. 

GEOGRAPHIC MARKETS 
 
 The table below shows the geographic distribution of our policies in-force as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Policies In-Force By Region (1) 
 2022 2021 2020 Florida 133,433 204,747 253,244 Gulf 63,295 109,799 144,121 Northeast 35,868 99,388 140,043 Southeast 21,679 57,790 93,583 Total 254,275 471,724 630,991 
 (1) "Gulf" is comprised of Louisiana and Texas; "Northeast" is comprised of Massachusetts, New Jersey and New York in 2022 and Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York and Rhode Island in 2021; and "Southeast" is comprised of Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina. We are no longer writing in New Jersey as of January 15, 2022, Massachusetts as of April 1, 2022, South Carolina as of June 1, 2022, Georgia as of October 1, 2022 and North Carolina as of December 1, 2022 as the policies have transitioned to HCPCI. 

9 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

The table below shows the geographic distribution of our total insured value (TIV) of all polices in-force as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 TIV By Region (1) 
 2022 2021 2020 Florida 131,759,138 162,243,360 178,268,495 Gulf 31,614,402 48,598,405 60,347,058 Northeast 26,697,590 69,056,858 94,633,077 Southeast 10,829,542 30,283,130 43,790,464 Total 200,900,672 310,181,753 377,039,094 
 (1) "Gulf" is comprised of Louisiana and Texas; "Northeast" is comprised of Massachusetts, New Jersey and New York in 2022 and Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York and Rhode Island in 2021; and "Southeast" is comprised of Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina. We are no longer writing in New Jersey as of January 15, 2022, Massachusetts as of April 1, 2022, South Carolina as of June 1, 2022, Georgia as of October 1, 2022 and North Carolina as of December 1, 2022 as the policies have transitioned to HCPCI. 

10 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

COMPETITION 
 
 The property and casualty insurance market in the United States is highly competitive and rapidly changing. Our primary competitors range from large national property and casualty insurance companies that write most classes of business using traditional products and pricing to small and mid-size regional insurance companies who provide specialty coverages. 
 
 We compete primarily on the basis of product features, the strength of our distribution network, the quality of our services to our agents and policyholders, and our long-term financial stability. Our long and successful track record writing homeowners insurance in catastrophe-exposed areas has enabled us to develop sophisticated pricing techniques that endeavor to accurately reflect the risk of loss while allowing us to be competitive in our target markets. This pricing segmentation approach allows us to offer products in areas that have a high demand for property insurance yet are under-served by the national carriers. However, we face the risk that policyholders may be able to obtain more favorable terms from competitors rather than renewing coverage with us. 
 
 Our ability to compete is dependent on a number of factors. One factor is the financial strength or stability ratings assigned to our insurance subsidiaries by independent rating agencies. A downgrade in these ratings could negatively impact our position in the market. Another, is that we must attract and retain key employees and highly skilled people in order to be successful in the market. There is intense competition in our industry which could lead to higher than expected employee turnover or difficulty attracting new employees. Finally, technological advancements and innovation in the insurance industry provide opportunities for a competitive advantage. Advancements and innovation are being used in all aspects of the industry including digital-based distribution methods, underwriting and claims handling. We continue to leverage the technology that we have and have made substantial investments into new technology in an effort to gain an advantage over our competitors. 

REGULATION 
 
 We are subject to extensive regulation in the jurisdictions in which our insurance company subsidiaries are domiciled and licensed to transact business, primarily at the state level. UPC and ACIC are domiciled in Florida, and IIC is domiciled in New York. UPC Insurance is also regulated by the NAIC. In general, these regulations are designed to protect the interests of insurance policyholders. 
 
 Such regulations have a substantial effect on certain areas of our business, including: 
 
 insurer solvency, 
 reserve adequacy, 
 insurance company licensing and examination, 
 agent and adjuster licensing, 
 rate setting, 
 investments, 
 assessments or other surcharges for guaranty funds, 
 transactions with affiliates, 
 the payment of dividends, 
 reinsurance, 
 protection of personally identifiable information, 
 risk solvency assessment and enterprise risk management, 
 cybersecurity, 
 11 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

statutory accounting methods, and 
 numerous requirements relating to other areas of insurance operations, including policy forms, underwriting standards and claims practices. 
 
 Our insurance subsidiaries provide audited statutory financial statements to the various insurance regulatory authorities. With regard to periodic examinations of an insurance company s affairs, insurance regulatory authorities, in general, defer to the insurance regulatory authority in the state in which an insurer is domiciled; however, insurance regulatory authorities from any state in which we operate may conduct examinations at their discretion. 
 
 In 2021, the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation (FLOIR) began a statutory examination of JIC for the year ended December 31, 2020. This examination concluded in 2022, with no significant findings. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2019, three of our insurance subsidiaries, UPC, FSIC and ACIC, entered into an intercompany property and casualty reinsurance pooling arrangement. Pooling arrangements permit the participating companies to rely on the capacity of the entire pool s statutory capital and surplus rather than just on their own statutory capital and surplus. Under such arrangements, the participating companies share substantially all insurance business that is written and allocate the combined premiums, losses and expenses. Effective January 1, 2022, this arrangement was terminated. 
 
 For a discussion of statutory financial information and regulatory contingencies, see Note 15 to our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 

Risk-Based Capital Requirements 
 
 To enhance the regulation of insurer solvency, the NAIC has published risk-based capital (RBC) guidelines for insurance companies designed to assess capital adequacy and to raise the level of protection statutory surplus provides for policyholders. The guidelines measure three major areas of risk facing property and casualty insurers: (i) underwriting risks, which encompass the risk of adverse loss developments and inadequate pricing; (ii) declines in asset values arising from credit risk; and (iii) other business risks. Most states, including Florida and New York, have enacted the NAIC guidelines as statutory requirements, and insurers having less statutory surplus than required will be subject to varying degrees of regulatory action, depending on the level of capital inadequacy. 
 
 The level of required risk-based capital is calculated and reported annually. The table below outlines each of our subsidiary s RBC ratios, all of which were in excess of minimum requirements, as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Subsidiary RBC Ratio UPC (1) 
 ACIC 504 IIC 564 
 (1) RBC ratio was not calculated for UPC as the entity was insolvent at December 31, 2022. 

Underwriting and Marketing Restrictions 
 
 During the past several years, various regulatory and legislative bodies have adopted or proposed new laws or regulations to address the cyclical nature of the insurance industry, catastrophic events and insurance capacity and pricing. These regulations: (i) created market assistance plans under which insurers are induced to provide certain coverage; (ii) restrict the ability of insurers to reject insurance coverage applications, to rescind or otherwise cancel certain policies in mid-term, and to terminate agents; (iii) restrict certain policy non-renewals and require advance notice on certain policy non-renewals; and (iv) limit rate increases or decrease rates permitted to be charged. 
 
 Most states also have insurance laws requiring that rate schedules and other information be filed with the insurance regulatory authority, either directly or through a rating organization with which the insurer is affiliated. The insurance regulatory authority may disapprove a rate filing if it finds that the rates are inadequate, excessive or unfairly discriminatory. 
 
 Most states require licensure or insurance regulatory authority approval prior to the marketing of new insurance products. Typically, licensure review is comprehensive and includes a review of a company s business plan, solvency, reinsurance, rates, forms and other financial and non-financial aspects of a company, such as the character of its officers and directors. The insurance regulatory authorities may prohibit entry into a new market by not granting a license or by withholding approval. 
 12 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Limitations on Dividends by Insurance Subsidiaries 
 
 As a holding company with no significant business operations of our own, we rely on payments from our insurance subsidiaries as one of the principal sources of cash to pay dividends and meet our obligations. Our insurance affiliates are regulated as property and casualty insurance companies and their ability to pay dividends is restricted by Florida and New York law. 
 
 The state laws of Florida and New York permit an insurer to pay dividends or make distributions out of that part of statutory surplus derived from net operating profit and net realized capital gains or adjusted net investment income. The state laws further provide calculations to determine the amount of dividends or distributions that can be made without the prior approval of the insurance regulatory authorities and the amount of dividends or distributions that would require prior approval of the insurance regulatory authorities in those states. Statutory risk-based capital requirements may further restrict our insurance subsidiaries ability to pay dividends or make distributions if the amount of the intended dividend or distribution would cause statutory surplus to fall below minimum risk-based capital requirements. 
 
 For additional information regarding those restrictions, see Part II, Item 5 and Part I, Item 1A of this report. 

Insurance Holding Company Regulation 
 
 As a holding company of insurance subsidiaries, we are subject to laws governing insurance holding companies in Florida and New York. These laws, among other things: (i) require us to file periodic information with the insurance regulatory authority, including information concerning our capital structure, ownership, financial condition and general business operations; (ii) regulate certain transactions between our affiliates and us, including the amount of dividends and other distributions and the terms of surplus notes: and (iii) restrict the ability of any one person to acquire certain levels of our voting securities without prior regulatory approval. Any purchaser of 5 or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock could be presumed to have acquired control of us unless the insurance regulatory authority, upon application, determines otherwise. 
 
 Insurance holding company regulations also govern the amount any affiliate of the holding company may charge our insurance affiliates for services (i.e., management fees and commissions). We have a long-term management agreement among our managing company, UIM, and UPC which presently provides for monthly management fees. The Florida Office of Insurance Regulation must approve any changes to this agreement. We also have an agreement among our claims adjusting company, Skyway Claims Services, LLC, UPC and ACIC which presently provides for monthly claims adjusting fees. 
 
 AmRisc, a managing general underwriter, handles the underwriting, claims processing and premium collection for our ACIC commercial business written in Florida. In return, AmRisc is reimbursed through monthly management fees. 
 
 The Company does not utilize a managing general agent structure in New York. Instead, UPC Insurance allocates a portion of relevant expenses to IIC for statutory accounting purposes at cost. 

CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY 
 
 As a company with more than 20 years of history and experience, we strive to create and maintain a culture within our business where people are empowered to address risks as they emerge, and where we expect all associates to hold themselves and their teammates accountable for personal integrity and professionalism. To demonstrate this culture our leaders must lead by example and clear standards of behavior should be well understood by the entire company. We maintain six core values; teamwork, trust, accountability, integrity, bias to action, and persistence, to accomplish this goal. 
 
 In addition to our cultural goals, we are committed to conducting business in a manner that supports environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters. UPC Insurance believes that an effective ESG strategy leads to improved decision making, associate engagement, and financial results over time. 
 
 To show our commitment to conducting business that supports ESG matters, in the second quarter of 2021 we published our inaugural Sustainability Responsibility report, which outlines our ESG practices and goals. Highlights from the report can be seen below, and the full report is available on our company website under Environmental, Social and Governance. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 13 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

As a data driven organization some of the facts surrounding climate change have our attention. Several factors, including the rise in carbon dioxide concentration levels in the atmosphere, higher global mean air and water temperatures, and sea and Arctic ice levels have been identified as potential culprits of the higher frequency and severity of catastrophe losses we have incurred over the past five years. 
 
 While the effect of climate change on weather-related catastrophe events remains somewhat limited, we recognize current trends and potential financial impact are not sustainable. As a result, we have taken the following steps to improve our environmental footprint and reduce our contribution to climate change: 
 
 Reducing waste: paperless policy document delivery option and investment in paperless technologies; 
 Eco-friendly disposal of retired equipment and electronics; 
 Installed filtered water dispensers to promote re-usable bottles over disposables; 
 Utilization of recycling bins throughout our offices; 
 Implemented a remote work environment to both enhance productivity and curb the impact of daily commuting; and 
 Use of energy efficient LED lighting, motion-activated lighting, and programmable thermostats to reduce energy use. 
 
 In addition to the steps outlined above, we have committed to increase our capital allocated toward ESG investment vehicles and opportunities. As of December 31, 2022, we have invested 3,280,000 in a BlackRock ESG exchange-traded fund. 
 
 UPC Insurance continuously monitors our environmental footprint and will continue to make steps to reduce this footprint where possible. We have committed to achieve net-zero carbon emissions in our operations and through our value chain by no later than 2030. 
 
 Social Responsibility 
 
 We understand that research shows diverse teams perform better, innovate more, and are more effective at managing risks. As a result, our organization has a vested interest in hiring associates and building teams that reflect the diversity of society and the communities that we seek to serve. Details of our accomplishments creating a diverse and inclusive workplace can be seen in Part I, Item 1., Human Capital Management . 
 
 In addition to our social responsibility as an employer within the community, UPC Insurance also seeks to support our community through various initiatives intended to give back and promote goodwill. Over the past several years we have provided support to numerous non-for-profit organizations. Some of the causes we have provided support to include, but are not limited to, youth education, work force development, medical care and research, domestic violence shelters and prevention, and child-care services. We are committed to giving back and investing in the communities we serve. 
 
 Governance Matters 
 
 Our Board of Directors oversee and monitor our management in the interest and for the benefit of our stockholders. Our Board is currently comprised of nine directors, divided into two classes. Each class of directors is elected for a two-year term, in accordance with our Certificate of Incorporation. Eight of our Directors, or 88.9 , are considered to be independent. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has several committees, including an Audit Committee, a Compensation and Benefits Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and an Investment Committee. All members of these committees qualify as independent directors under SEC and Nasdaq standards as well as under the independence standards specific to their committees. UPC Insurance has also committed to adding at least two new Directors to our Board of Directors to improve overall diversity at the highest level of corporate governance. 

HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 
 Diversity and Employment Statistics 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 269 employees, of which 148, 34, and five worked in Claims, the Client Experience Center, and Underwriting, respectively. These employees have regular direct contact with our vendors, agencies, or customers. We are not party to any collective bargaining agreements and we have not experienced any work stoppages or strikes as a result of labor disputes. 
 
 14 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

The following table shows the diversity in our workforce population at December 31, 2022 and how this diversity has changed from December 31, 2021. 
 Gender (1) 
 Change from 
 December 31, 2021 
 Race (1) 
 Change from 
 December 31, 2021 
 Executive Officers 20.0 (22.9) points 40.0 11.4 points Management Team (2) 
 39.0 0 points 26.8 0.2 points All Other Employees 45.3 (2.4) points 34.3 (0.4) points 
 (1) Information regarding gender and race is based on information provided by employees. 
 (2) Our management team is comprised of employees in supervisory roles at the manager and director level or above. 
 
 As seen in the table above, our commitment to diversity and inclusion can be seen as our gender and racial diversity remains mostly consistent year over year. We believe that inclusion and diversity starts at the top. In 2021, we appointed a female leader within our organization to serve as our General Counsel. With two of the five members of our executive leadership team comprised of underrepresented groups, we believe this is strong evidence of our commitment to our ESG goals. 
 
 Oversight and Management 
 
 We recognize the diversity of our policyholders, team, and geographic markets, and believe in creating an inclusive environment that represents a variety of backgrounds. Working under these principles, our Employee Success Department is tasked with recruiting and hiring, onboarding, performance management, and managing employee-related matters. In addition, we have developed UPC University , a robust training program for our incoming claims adjusters and underwriting advocates. With this development, we have created a full-time Training Department, whose focus is on harboring success in our claims adjusters and underwriting advocates while continuously improving the training curriculum and experience for the company as a whole. Finally, we have created a monthly leadership development series for all staff at the management level or higher. 
 
 We believe in transparency at all levels at UPC Insurance. On a monthly basis, an all employee meeting is held where our Executive Officers recognize employees for their continued success, discuss new and ongoing company initiatives, and address any concerns our employees may have. In addition to this, the leaders in each department assist our Executive Officers in maintaining our culture and implementing our core values at all levels of the organization. 
 
 Total Rewards 
 
 We believe that our future success largely depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees. To ensure we are successful in this, we provide our employees with the following: 
 
 Competitive salaries and bonuses; 
 Tuition reimbursement; 
 Paid parental leave; and 
 Robust employee benefit packages that include: 
 Health care; 
 Vision; 
 Dental; 
 Retirement program; 
 Paid time off; and 
 Employee assistance program that provides emotional support, legal services and financial services. 
 
 As a part of our retention efforts, we also invest in ongoing development for all employees, and attempt to fill vacant senior or leadership roles through internal promotion when possible. Voluntary attrition was 39.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

CORPORATE INFORMATION 
 
 United Insurance Holdings Corp. was incorporated in Delaware in 2007. Our principal executive offices are located at 800 2nd Avenue S., St. Petersburg, FL 33701 and our telephone number at that location is (727) 895-7737. We are listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange under ticker symbol UIHC. 

15 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Segments 
 
 We conduct our operations under two reportable segments, personal residential property and casualty insurance policies (personal lines) and commercial residential property and casualty insurance policies (commercial lines). Our chief operating decision maker is our President, who makes decisions to allocate resources and assesses performance at both segment levels. 
 
 For more information regarding our personal lines and commercial lines products and distribution, as well as the agreements in place with managing general agents and underwriters for each of our reportable segments, please refer to Part 1 Item 1. Products and Distribution as well as Part 1 Item 1. Insurance Holding Company Regulation . 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We make available, free of charge through our website, www.upcinsurance.com, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
 
 You may also access this information at the SEC s website (www.sec.gov). This site contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 16 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Many factors affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, some of which are beyond our control. If any of the following risks or uncertainties occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and investors could lose all or part of their investment in our securities. Before making an investment in our securities, investors should carefully consider the risk factors discussed below, together with the other information in this report, including the section entitled Forward-looking Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , and the other reports and materials filed by us with the SEC. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 
 
 As a property and casualty insurer, we may experience significant losses, and our financial results may vary from period to period, due to our exposure to catastrophic events and severe weather conditions, the frequency and severity of which could be affected by the unpredictability of future catastrophic events and severe weather conditions. 
 
 Our property and casualty insurance operations expose us to risks arising from catastrophes. Catastrophes can be caused by various natural events, including but not limited to hurricanes, tropical storms, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, sinkholes, severe winter weather and fires, or man-made events, such as terrorist attacks (including those involving nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological events), cybercrimes or consequences of war or political instability. We may incur catastrophe losses that exceed the amount of: 
 
 catastrophe losses experienced in prior years; 
 catastrophe losses projected to be incurred, using third-party catastrophe modeling software; 
 catastrophe loss estimates used to develop prices for our products; or 
 our current reinsurance coverage (which would cause us to have to pay such excess losses). 
 
 The frequency and severity of weather conditions are inherently unpredictable, but the frequency and severity of property claims generally increase when severe weather conditions occur. Florida, Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina and Texas, all states in which we write policies, have experienced significant hurricanes in recent years, which some weather analysts believe is consistent with a period of sustained greater hurricane activity. There is a growing consensus today that climate change is increasing the frequency and severity of catastrophic events or severe weather conditions which, in addition to the attendant increase in claims-related costs, may also cause an increase in our reinsurance costs and/or negatively impact our ability to provide insurance to our policyholders in the future. In addition, increased catastrophic events could result in increased credit exposure to the reinsurers we transact business with. Our actual losses from catastrophic events may be larger than anticipated should our reinsurers fail to meet their obligations. 
 
 We cannot predict how legal, regulatory and social responses to concerns around climate change may impact our business. Governmental entities may also respond to climate change by enacting laws and regulations that may increase our cost of providing insurance in the future, which could adversely affect demand. 
 
 Catastrophes could be more frequent or severe than contemplated in our pricing and risk management models, and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations during any reporting period due to increases in our loss and loss adjustment expense. Catastrophes may also reduce liquidity and could impair our ability to maintain existing capital, or raise capital on acceptable terms or at all. In addition to catastrophes, the accumulation of losses from several smaller weather-related events in any reporting period may have a similar impact to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Because we conduct a significant portion of our business in Florida, our financial results substantially depend on, and could be adversely affected by, the regulatory, legal, economic, political, demographic, competitive and weather conditions present in that state. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 52.5 of our policies in-force and 43.4 of our total insured value were concentrated in Florida. Therefore, the prevailing regulatory, legal, economic, political, demographic, competitive, weather and other conditions in Florida will likely have a more significant impact on our revenues and profitability compared to such conditions in other jurisdictions in which we operate. Furthermore, changes in such conditions in Florida could make doing business in Florida less attractive for us, which could have a more pronounced effect on us than it would on other insurance companies that are more geographically diversified. 
 
 17 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

In addition, due to Florida s climate, we are subject to increased exposure to certain catastrophic events such as hurricanes, tropical storms and tornadoes, as well as an increased risk of losses from such events. The occurrence of one or more catastrophic events or other conditions affecting losses in Florida may cause a disproportionately adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We also face a substantial number of lawsuits arising primarily from assignment of benefits (AOB) in the State of Florida. In recent years, Florida homeowners have been assigning the benefit of their insurance recovery to third parties, leading to increases in the severity and frequency of claims and the amount of litigation under AOB agreements that insureds make with customers. In July 2019, the Florida legislature enacted an AOB reform bill that intends to limit AOB litigation by creating requirements for the execution of an AOB and allowing an insurance policy to prohibit any AOB. We cannot guarantee that this new legislation will reduce the future impact of AOB practices, or whether additional legislation will be passed to further address AOB. 
 
 We also face an increase in cost of claims as the result of one-way attorney fees in the State of Florida. Florida Statutes sections 627.428 and 57.105 provide that a prevailing party in litigation is entitled to attorney s fees. In 2021, the Florida legislature enacted omnibus insurance reform that, among other measures, replaced the one-way attorney fee statute with a schedule whereby recovery of attorney fees is contingent upon obtaining a judgment that exceeds the pre-suit offer. In 2022, the Florida legislature enacted additional insurance reform designed to improve the affordability of property insurance and reduce frivolous lawsuits. We cannot guarantee that this new legislation will further reduce the impact of litigation and expenses related to litigation, or whether additional legislation will be passed to further address one-way attorney fees. 
 
 Our exposure in Louisiana and Texas represented approximately 24.9 of our policies in-force and 23.3 of our total insured value at December 31, 2022. Therefore, any changes in the prevailing regulatory, legal, economic, political, demographic, competitive, weather and other conditions in these states, when coupled with the conditions in Florida, will likely have a significant impact on our revenues and profitability. 
 
 Because we rely on insurance agents, the loss of these agent relationships, particularly our relationship with AmRisc, LLC (AmRisc), or our inability to attract and incentivize new agents could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 
 We market our policies to a broad range of prospective policyholders through approximately 2,693 independent agencies as of December 31, 2022. Many of these agents are independent insurance agents that own their customer relationships, and our agency contracts with them limit our ability to directly solicit business from our existing policyholders. Independent agents commonly represent other insurance companies, including our competitors, and we do not control their activities. As a result, we must compete with other insurers for independent agents business. Our competitors may offer a greater variety of insurance products, lower premiums for insurance coverage or higher commissions to their agents. As a result, our business is dependent on the marketing efforts of these independent agents and on our ability to offer products and services that meet their and their customers requirements. Historically, we have used marketing relationships with national insurance companies and associations of independent insurance agents to attract and retain agents and agency groups. The loss of these marketing relationships could adversely impact our ability to attract new agents or retain our agency network and policies in-force. Failure to grow or maintain our agency relationships, a failure to attract and incentivize new agents or the failure of agents to act as anticipated could adversely affect sales of our insurance products. 
 
 Additionally, ACIC has a managing agency contract (the MGA contract) with AmRisc, pursuant to which AmRisc serves as ACIC s managing general agent for binding and writing commercial residential property lines for condominium, townhome and homeowners association insurance written in Florida. The contract between ACIC and AmRisc is exclusive. Under the MGA contract with ACIC, AmRisc must produce a certain volume of business for ACIC. Therefore, failure of AmRisc to produce the required volume of business could cause us to lose substantial premiums and could require us to seek one or more alternative managing general agents. If we were unable to find a replacement managing general agent, our revenues could decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Given the concentration of ACIC s commercial business and operations with AmRisc, AmRisc may have substantial leverage in negotiations with ACIC regarding the MGA contract, and amendments to the terms and conditions of the MGA contract or other changes to the commercial relationship between AmRisc and ACIC could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Following the termination or expiration of the MGA contract, ACIC s ability to compete for and solicit renewals of business previously underwritten by AmRisc on their respective behalves may be limited by legal, commercial and other impediments, including AmRisc s relationship with other insurance producers that control the business. Such impediments could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations due to the concentration of ACIC s business with AmRisc. 

18 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Actual claims incurred may exceed our loss reserves for claims, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Loss reserves represent our estimate of ultimate unpaid losses for claims that have been reported and claims that have been incurred but not yet reported. Loss reserves do not represent an exact calculation of liability, but instead represent our best estimate, generally utilizing actuarial expertise, historical information and projection techniques at a given reporting date. 
 
 The process of estimating our loss reserves involves a high degree of judgment and is subject to a number of variables. These variables can be affected by both internal and external events, such as changes in claims handling procedures, economic inflation, legal trends, legislative changes, emerging economic and social trends and varying judgments and viewpoints of the individuals involved in the estimation process, among others. In addition, application of statistical and actuarial methods in estimating our loss reserves may require the adjustment of overall reserves upward or downward from time to time. Future loss experience substantially in excess of our loss reserves could substantially harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Because of the inherent uncertainty in estimating loss reserves, including reserves for catastrophes and litigated claims, additional liabilities resulting from one insured event, or an accumulation of insured events, may exceed our existing loss reserves. If our reserves are inadequate, it may cause us to overstate our earnings for the periods during which our reserves for expected losses was insufficient. 
 
 As a result of the uncertainties regarding the allocation of reinsurance recoveries, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, which may hinder our ability to obtain future financing and reinsurance coverage. 
 
 As a result of our insurance subsidiary, UPC, being ordered into receivership for purposes of liquidation with the Florida Department of Financial Services (DFS) appointed as the receiver, uncertainty exists regarding the allocation of reinsurance recoveries under the Company s core catastrophe reinsurance program, which provides coverage for both UPC and our other insurance subsidiary, ACIC. With the DFS having assumed full control of UPC, the reinsurance allocation agreement between UPC and ACIC which was previously approved by the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation, is subject to review by the DFS, the outcome or timing of which is uncertain. A significant delay in receiving funds owed to us, or the failure to receive any or all of the funds we believe to be owed to us, could adversely impact our future ability to operate as a going concern. 
 
 Absent these recoveries, uncertainty also exists regarding ACIC s ability to obtain adequate catastrophe reinsurance coverage for the June 1, 2023 through May 31, 2024 renewal period. We are in negotiations with reinsurers for the 2023-2024 hurricane catastrophe cover and believe that capacity is available, although the cost of reinsurance will increase, possibly materially, for the June 1, 2023 through May 31, 2024 renewal period. If we are unable to obtain adequate catastrophe reinsurance coverage, or such coverage is prohibitively expensive, we may not be able to continue as a going concern. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date that these financial statements are issued. This substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern could materially limit our ability to raise new funds through the issuance of new debt or equity securities. 
 
 We may experience government-levied assessments. Although we may have the ability to collect this assessment from our policyholders, the timing of collection may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to assessments levied by various governmental and quasi-governmental entities in the states in which we operate. While we may have the ability to recover these assessments from policyholders through policy surcharges in some states in which we operate, our payment of the assessments and our recoveries may not offset each other in the same reporting period in our financial statements and may cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations in a particular reporting period. 
 
 Our failure to implement and maintain adequate internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and stock price. 
 
 Internal control over financial reporting refers to those processes within a company that are designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires our management to annually assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 19 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

If we fail to maintain adequate internal controls in accordance with applicable standards, or if we have future material weaknesses in our internal controls, we may be unable to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Because effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the market price for our stock could decline if our internal controls do not remain effective or if future material weaknesses in our internal controls are identified. 
 
 If we experience difficulties with our information technology or data security systems and/or outsourcing relationships, our ability to conduct our business could be negatively impacted, which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We use computer systems to store, retrieve, evaluate and utilize customer, employee, company and third-party data and information. Our business is highly dependent upon our information technology systems and the ability of key vendors and third-party administrators to perform necessary business functions efficiently and without interruption. Our ability to process policies and adjust claims in a timely manner could be impaired by an unplanned shutdown or failure of one or more systems or facilities due to man-made or natural disruption. These include an event leading to power outages, loss of facility access, a major internet failure, pandemic or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications or other systems. Because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and often depend on third-party systems, we could experience service denials if demand for such service exceeds capacity or a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption. If sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process new and renewal business, provide customer service, pay claims in a timely manner or perform other necessary business functions. 
 
 Despite our continual evaluation of potential attackers techniques and tactics and our efforts in monitoring, training, planning and prevention, our information technology systems are vulnerable to computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access, cyber-attacks, system failures, human error and negligence, and similar disruptions. There is no assurance that our security measures will provide fully effective protection from such disruptions. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems evolve rapidly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement comprehensive counter measures. A material breach in the security of our information technology systems and data could include the theft of our confidential or proprietary information, including trade secrets, and the personally identifiable information of our customers, claimants, agents and employees. From time to time, we have experienced threats to our data and information technology systems, including malware and computer virus attacks, attempts of unauthorized access, system failures and disruptions. Disruptions or security breaches resulting in a loss or damage to our data or inappropriate disclosure of proprietary or confidential information, or the personally identifiable information of our customers, claimants, agents and employees, could cause significant damage to our reputation, adversely affect our relationships with our customers, result in litigation or regulatory investigations, increase remediation costs and/or regulatory penalties, and ultimately harm our business. Third parties to whom we outsource certain functions are also subject to the risks outlined above, any one of which may result in our incurring substantial costs and other negative consequences, including a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, we may transmit, receive and store personally identifiable, confidential and proprietary information by any number of standard data transmission methods or other electronic means. We may be unable to keep such information confidential, in all events, especially with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties who may not have or use appropriate controls to protect confidential information. Furthermore, we are subject to compliance with laws and regulations enacted by U.S. federal and state governments, or enacted by various regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to the privacy and security of the information of clients, employees or others. The compromise of personally identifiable, confidential or proprietary information could result in remediation costs, legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm. 
 
 Additionally, in the absence of overarching federal law, individual states are adopting their own privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations. For example, in an effort to protect information systems, the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) adopted regulation providing minimum standards for an organization s cybersecurity program and requiring additional certification confirming compliance. In October 2017, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) adopted a new Insurance Data Security Model Law, which is intended to establish the standards for data security and standards for the investigation and notification of data breaches applicable to insurance licensees in states adopting such law, with provisions that are generally consistent with the NYDFS cybersecurity regulation. Though the NYDFS cybersecurity regulation helps to reduce the third-party risk and imposes specific technical safeguards, the evolving compliance and operational requirements of privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time and may restrict the way services involving data are offered, all of which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 20 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Loss of key vendor relationships or failure of a vendor to protect personally identifiable information of our customers, claimants or employees could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 We rely on services and products provided by many third-party vendors. These include, for example, vendors of computer hardware and software and vendors of services such as claim adjustment services and payroll and benefits vendors who process sensitive personally identifiable information. In the event that one or more of our vendors suffers a bankruptcy, renews its contractual arrangement on terms less favorable to us, fails to comply with legal or regulatory requirements or otherwise becomes unable to continue to provide products or services, or fails to protect personally identifiable information of our customers, claimants or employees, we may suffer operational impairments and financial losses. An interruption in or the cessation of service by any service provider as a result of system failures, capacity constraints, financial difficulties or for any other reason could disrupt our operations, impact our ability to offer certain products and services and result in contractual or regulatory penalties, liability claims from clients or employees, damage to our reputation and harm to our business. Moreover, in the event of a data breach involving any of our third-party vendors, our customers , claimants or employees personally identifiable information could also be put at risk. Any such data breach involving our third-party vendors could result in significant mitigation or legal expenses for us, which could materially and adversely affect our reputation, relationships with our customers, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our success has been and will continue to be greatly influenced by our ability to attract and retain the services of senior management, the loss of any of whom could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Our senior executive officers play an integral role in the development and management of our business given their skills, knowledge of our business, years of industry experience and the potential difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement employees. Due to the intense competition in our industry for senior executive officers with demonstrated ability, we cannot guarantee that any such officers will continue their employment with us. Additionally, we do not maintain any key person life insurance policies on any of our officers or employees. Losing any of our senior executive officers and/or not succeeding in attracting and retaining senior executive officers could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our mergers, dispositions and other strategic transactions may not be as successful as we anticipate, and could be difficult to integrate, divert management resources, result in unanticipated costs or dilute our existing stockholders. 
 
 Part of our continuing business strategy is to evaluate opportunities to merge with companies that complement our business model or enter into other strategic transactions that facilitate or expedite the accomplishment of our business goals. We may be unable to identify suitable counterparties to such a transaction. Even if we enter into an agreement in respect of a merger with another business, disposition of a business or other strategic transaction, we may not be able to finalize a transaction after significant investments of time and resources due to, among other things, a lack of regulatory approval or imposition of a burdensome condition by the regulator. 
 
 In connection with a merger, disposition or other strategic transaction, we could incur debt, amortization expenses related to intangible assets, large and immediate write-offs, assume liabilities or issue stock that would dilute our current stockholders percentage of ownership. As a result, there is a risk of transaction-related litigation. Such strategic transactions could pose numerous risks to our operations, including risks relating to: 
 
 incurring substantial unanticipated integration costs; 
 diverting significant management attention and financial resources from our other operations and disrupting our ongoing business during the integration process; 
 losing key employees, particularly those of the merged operations; 
 keeping existing customers and retaining the merged business customers; 
 failing to realize the strategic benefits or the potential cost savings or other financial benefits of the mergers; 
 incurring unanticipated liabilities or claims from the acquired businesses and contractually-based time and monetary limitations on the seller s obligation to indemnify us for such liabilities or claims; and 
 limitations on our ability to access additional capital when needed. 
 
 We are also subject to a certain level of risk regarding the actual condition of the businesses that we acquire. Until we actually assume operating control of such businesses and their assets and operations, we may not be able to ascertain the actual value or understand the potential liabilities of the acquired entities and their operations. As a result, we may not be able to complete acquisitions, mergers or other strategic transactions or integrate the operations, products or personnel gained through 
 21 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

any such acquisition, merger or other strategic transaction without a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may engage in future dispositions or wind-downs of certain business. These dispositions pose risks to our operations in addition to those previously mentioned, including risks related to: 
 
 the ability to price a sale transaction appropriately and otherwise negotiate acceptable terms; 
 the ability to replace legacy earnings from the business position with new revenues; 
 the ability to collect proceeds from the disposition in a timely manner, which may be earmarked for other strategic transactions and may hinder our ability to carry out those strategic transactions; and 
 the ability to run-off segments of our business while staying compliant with all applicable regulatory requirements. 
 
 In addition, the disposition of any portion of our business may adversely affect the price of our stock and result in losses to investors of shares. 
 
 We face risks associated with investments in which we share ownership or management with third parties. 
 
 From time to time, we have and may continue to invest in entities in which we share ownership or management with third parties. In certain circumstances, we may not have complete control over governance, financial reporting, operations, legal and regulatory compliance or other matters relating to such entities. As a result, we may face certain operating, financial, legal, regulatory, compliance and other risks relating to these entities, including, but not limited to, risks related to the financial strength of other investors; the willingness of other investors to provide adequate funding for the entity; differing goals, strategies, priorities or objectives between us and other investors; our inability to unilaterally implement actions, policies or procedures with respect to the entity that we believe are favorable; legal and regulatory compliance risks relating to actions of the entity or other investors; and the risk that we will be unable to resolve disputes with other investors. As a result, investments in which we share ownership or management subject us to risk and may contribute significantly less than anticipated to our earnings and cash flows. 
 
 Our Senior Notes place certain restrictions on our operations and our failure to comply with such restrictions, including as a result of events beyond our control, could result in an event of default, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our Senior Notes due 2027 (Senior Notes) place certain restrictions on the Company s financial operations. Because we are a holding company, our assets consist primarily of the securities of our subsidiaries. The negative pledge provisions in the Senior Notes limit our ability to pledge securities of our subsidiaries and restrict dispositions of the capital stock of our subsidiaries. Our Senior Notes require us to maintain certain financial ratios and to comply with various operational and other covenants, including limitations on our ability to incur any indebtedness unless certain conditions are met. Details of these covenants can be found in Note 11 in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Our failure to comply with such restrictions, including as a result of events beyond our control, could result in an event of default and an acceleration of the maturity of the Senior Notes. We cannot assure you that our assets or cash flow would be sufficient to fully repay the Senior Notes if accelerated, or that we would be able to restructure the payments on the Senior Notes. This could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and related business disruption and economic uncertainty could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 During 2020, a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) spread to many countries in the world, including the United States, and the outbreak was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020. 
 
 Considerable uncertainty still surrounds the COVID-19 virus and its potential impact, and the extent of and effectiveness of responses taken on international, national and local levels. The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend, in large part, on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence such as: 
 
 the duration and severity of the spread; 
 the extent and duration of business closures, travel restrictions, social distancing and other actions taken to contain and treat COVID-19; 
 the effectiveness of vaccines for COVID-19; 
 the effectiveness of therapies for COVID-19; and 
 22 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

the effectiveness of actions taken by governmental authorities to contain and treat the virus. 
 
 Measures taken to limit the impact of COVID-19, including shelter-in-place orders, social distancing measures, travel bans and restrictions, and business and government shutdowns, resulted in significant negative economic impacts on the United States and globally. However, since January 2021, we have seen reduced risk from COVID-19 as a result of the availability of vaccinations, the number of people opting for vaccination, and the easing of travel and social distancing restrictions. While we have not incurred any significant disruptions to our business operations, financial position, liquidity or our ability to service our policyholders as of the date of this Form 10-K, with the exception of fluctuations in our investment portfolios due to the volatility in the equity securities markets in 2020, the continued impacts of COVID-19 (including a severe or prolonged economic downturn due to impacts from COVID-19) could result in a variety of risks to our business, including: 
 
 an increase in the default of insurance premiums coinciding with an increase in unemployment rates and customers' inability to pay premiums; 
 our ability to meet regulatory and debt service requirements; 
 more stringent regulatory requirements or a rating agency downgrade that would impact both agency and consumer confidence; 
 travel restrictions and quarantines leading to a lack of in-person meetings, which could hinder the efficiency of our internal operations and our ability to establish relationships with agents to generate new business; 
 contraction of the global reinsurance markets resulting from uncertainties related to current and future COVID-19 claims on underlying risks; 
 higher frequency and/or severity of claims from certain perils such as theft, fire and liability, as well as fraudulent insurance loss schemes and litigation attempting to force coverage; 
 legislative, judicial and regulatory actions may expand coverage definitions, retroactively mandate coverage or otherwise require us to pay losses for damages that our insurance policies explicitly excluded or were not intended or priced to cover; 
 changes in the equity markets, changes in interest rates, and reduced liquidity leading to a decline in the value of our investment portfolio; 
 a recession or market correction could materially affect the value of our common stock; and 
 our third-party vendors experiencing business disruptions or reduced service levels resulting from lack of an available and qualified workforce, which impact our ability to conduct our business in the manner and on the timelines presently planned. 

RISKS RELATED TO THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY 
 
 Because we are operating in a highly competitive market, we may lack the resources to control our market share, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 The property and casualty insurance industry is highly competitive, and we believe it will remain highly competitive for the foreseeable future. The principal competitive factors in our industry are price, service, coverage options, underwriting guidelines, commission structure and financial condition. We compete with other property and casualty insurers that underwrite property and casualty insurance in the same geographic areas in which we operate and some of those insurers have greater financial resources and have a longer operating history than we do. In addition, our competitors may offer products for alternative forms of risk protection that we presently do not offer or are not similarly regulated in the admitted market, which could adversely affect the sales of our products. Customers may turn to our competitors as a result of our failure to deliver on customer expectations, service flaws, technology issues, gaps in operational support or other issues affecting customer experience. We also compete with new companies that continue to enter the insurance market. We may have difficulty controlling our market share while rates are increasing due to an increase in reinsurance costs and losses from the high frequency of catastrophe events in recent years. Competition could limit our ability to retain existing business or to write new business at adequate rates, and such limitation may cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 In addition, industry developments could further increase competition in our industry. These developments could include: 
 an influx of new capital in the marketplace as existing companies attempt to expand their businesses and new companies attempt to enter the insurance business as a result of better premium pricing and/or policy terms; 
 an increase in programs in which state-sponsored entities provide property insurance in catastrophe-prone areas; 
 changes in state regulatory climates; and 
 the passage of federal proposals for an optional federal charter that would allow some competing insurers to operate under regulations different or less stringent than those applicable to us. 
 
 23 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

These developments and others could make the property and casualty insurance marketplace more competitive by increasing the supply of insurance available. If competition limits our ability to write new business at adequate rates, our future results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 
 Changes in state regulation may adversely affect our results of operation and financial condition. 
 
 As a holding company with operating insurance company subsidiaries, we are subject to the laws and regulations of the various states in which our insurance subsidiaries operate. From time to time, states pass legislation, and regulators take action, that has the effect of limiting the ability of insurers to manage risk, such as legislation prohibiting insurers from reducing exposures or withdrawing from catastrophe-prone areas, or mandating that insurers participate in residual markets. In addition, legislative initiatives and court decisions can seek to expand insurance coverage for insured losses beyond the original intent of the policies, which could cause our actual loss and loss adjustment expense to exceed our estimates. Further, our ability to increase pricing to the extent necessary to offset rising loss or operating costs requires approval of insurance regulatory authorities. 
 
 Our ability to appropriately manage our catastrophe exposure by raising prices, modifying underwriting terms or reducing exposure to certain geographies may be limited due to considerations of public policy and the evolving political environment, which may cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We cannot predict whether and to what extent the adoption of new legislation and regulations would affect our ability to manage our exposure to catastrophic events. 
 
 The insurance industry is heavily regulated and further restrictive regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth. 
 
 The insurance industry is extensively regulated and supervised. Insurance regulatory authorities generally design insurance rules and regulations to protect the interests of policyholders, and not necessarily the interests of insurers, their stockholders, and other investors. This regulation relates to authorization for lines of business, capital and surplus requirements, investment limitations, underwriting limitations, transactions with affiliates, dividend limitations, changes in control, premium rates and a variety of other financial and non-financial components of an insurance company's business. We are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision by state insurance departments in all states in which our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled, as well as all states in which they are licensed, sell insurance products, issue policies, or handle claims. The regulations of each state are unique and complex and subject to change, and certain states may have regulations that conflict with the regulations of other states in which we operate. As a result, we are subject to the risk that compliance with the regulations in one state may not result in compliance with the regulations in another state. 
 
 We strive to maintain all required licenses and approvals. However, we may not fully comply with the wide variety of applicable laws and regulations. The relevant authority's interpretation of the laws and regulations also may change from time to time. Regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to impose fines, and grant, renew or revoke licenses and approvals. If we do not have the required licenses and approvals or do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements, these authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities or impose substantial fines. In addition, we may face individual and class action lawsuits by insured and other parties for alleged violations of certain of these laws or regulations. 
 
 State statutes and administrative rules generally require each insurance company to register with the department of insurance in its state of domicile and to furnish information concerning the operations of the companies within the holding company system. Failure to comply with such requirements may materially affect the operations, management or financial condition of the insurers. As part of its registration, each insurance company must identify material agreements, relationships and transactions with affiliates, including loans, investments, asset transfers, transactions outside of the ordinary course of business, certain management, service, and cost sharing agreements, reinsurance transactions, dividends, and other financial and non-financial components of an insurer s business. Some states impose restrictions or require prior regulatory approval of specific corporate actions, which may adversely affect our ability to operate, innovate, obtain necessary rate adjustments in a timely manner or grow our business profitably. Our ability to comply with these laws and regulations, and to obtain necessary regulatory action in a timely manner is, and will continue to be, critical to our success. 
 
 Currently, the federal government s role in regulating or dictating the policies of insurance companies is limited. However, from time to time Congress has considered and may in the future consider proposals that would increase the role of the federal government in insurance regulation, either in addition to or in lieu of state regulation. For example, the Dodd-Frank Act established a Federal Insurance Office (FIO) within the U.S. Department of Treasury Department to collect data on the insurance industry, recommend changes to the state system of insurance regulation and preempt certain state insurance laws. 
 24 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

The potential impact on our business as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and the FIO s current and future recommendations remains unclear; however, the implementation of any federal insurance regulations that constrain our business opportunities or reduce investment flexibility could negatively impact our business. 
 
 In recent years, the state insurance regulatory framework has come under increased federal scrutiny. Changes in federal legislation, regulation and/or administrative policies in several areas, including changes in financial services regulation and federal taxation, could negatively affect the insurance industry and us. In addition, Congress and some federal agencies from time to time investigate the current condition of insurance regulation in the United States to determine whether to impose federal or national regulation or to allow an optional federal charter, similar to the option available to most banks. Further, the NAIC and state insurance regulators continually reexamine existing laws and regulations, specifically focusing on modifications to holding company regulations, interpretations of existing laws and the development of new laws and regulations. We cannot predict what effect, if any, proposed or future legislation or NAIC initiatives may have on the manner in which we conduct our business. 
 
 As part of potential, or future, industry-wide investigations, we may from time to time receive requests for information from government agencies and authorities at the state or federal level. If we are subpoenaed for information by government agencies and authorities, potential outcomes could include law enforcement proceedings or settlements resulting in fines, penalties and/or changes in business practices that could cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, these investigations may result in changes to laws and regulations affecting the industry. 
 
 Changes to insurance laws or regulations, or new insurance laws and regulations, may be more restrictive than current laws or regulations and could significantly increase our compliance costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our prospects for future growth. Additionally, our failure to comply with certain provisions of applicable insurance laws and regulations could result in significant fines or penalties being levied against us and may cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Our inability to obtain reinsurance on acceptable terms could increase our loss exposure or limit our ability to underwrite policies, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We use, and we expect to continue to use, reinsurance to help manage our exposure to property risks. Reinsurance is insurance for insurers and is fundamentally a promise by the reinsurer to pay possible future claims in exchange for the payment of a premium by the insurance company seeking reinsurance. Both the availability of reinsurance and the cost of reinsurance are subject to prevailing market conditions beyond our control, which can affect business volume and profitability. We may be unable to maintain our current reinsurance coverage, to obtain additional reinsurance coverage in the event our current reinsurance coverage is exhausted by a catastrophic event, or to obtain other reinsurance coverage in adequate amounts or at acceptable rates. Similar risks exist whether we are seeking to replace coverage terminated during the applicable coverage period or to renew or replace coverage upon its expiration. Market conditions beyond our control determine the availability and cost of reinsurance. For example, reinsurance may be more difficult or costly to obtain after several years with higher frequencies of major catastrophes. We may be unable to reduce per event or aggregate retentions when renewing or replacing our coverage due, in part, to the frequency of storms in prior years and the litigation trends in the state of Florida, which would increase our risk exposure and could ultimately lead to us paying higher claims. We provide no assurance that we can obtain sufficient reinsurance to cover losses resulting from one or more storms or other events in the future, or that we can obtain such reinsurance in a timely or cost-effective manner. If we are unable to renew our expiring coverage or to obtain new reinsurance coverage, either our net exposure to risk would increase or, if we are unwilling to accept an increase in net risk exposures, we may have to reduce the amount of risk we underwrite or accept higher reinsurance costs. Any of these alternatives may cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial condition. 
 
 Our inability to collect from our reinsurers on our reinsurance claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation, financial condition and cash flow. 
 
 We use reinsurance as a tool to manage risks associated with our business. However, we remain primarily liable as the direct insurer on all risks for which we obtain reinsurance. Our reinsurance agreements do not eliminate our obligation to pay claims to insureds. As a result, we are subject to counterparty risk with respect to our ability to recover amounts due from reinsurers. The risk could arise in two situations: (i) our reinsurers may dispute some of our reinsurance claims based on contract terms, and we may ultimately receive partial or no payment, or (ii) the amount of losses that reinsurers incur related to worldwide catastrophes may materially harm the financial condition of our reinsurers and cause them to default on their obligations. Collectability of reinsurance is subject to the solvency of the reinsurers, interpretation of contract language and other factors. A reinsurer s insolvency, inability to make payments, or dispute of its obligations under the terms of a reinsurance contract could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 
 25 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Our efforts to manage these risks through underwriting guidelines, collateral requirements, financial strength ratings and other oversight mechanisms may not be successful. As a result, our exposure to counterparty risk under our reinsurance agreements may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 
 
 Our investments are subject to market risks that may result in reduced returns or losses. 
 
 Our investment assets are invested by professional investment management firms under the direction of our management team in accordance with investment guidelines approved by the Investment Committee of the Board of Directors. Our investments are subject to market risks and risks inherent in individual securities. In particular, interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including monetary and fiscal policy, domestic and international economic and political issues, geopolitical events, economic sanctions, blockades, the impact of domestic and international decisions regarding the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors beyond our control. 
 
 Our portfolio is primarily invested in fixed income securities and changes in the general interest rate environment will affect our returns on, and the fair value of, our fixed maturity and short-term investments. A decline in interest rates reduces the interest rate payable on new fixed income investments, thereby negatively impacting our net investment income. Conversely, rising interest rates reduce the fair value of existing fixed maturities. The volatility of any losses may force us to liquidate securities, which may cause us to incur capital losses. Realized fixed income and equity and unrealized equity losses in our investment portfolio would generally reduce our book value and, if significant, could affect our ability to conduct business. In addition, defaults under, or impairments of, any of these investments as a result of financial problems with the issuer and, where applicable, its guarantor could reduce our net investment income and net realized investment gains or result in investment losses. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with potential declines in credit quality related to specific issuers and a general weakening in the economy. We may experience credit or default losses in our portfolio, including as a result of the failure of the procedures we have implemented to monitor the credit risk of our invested assets, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may decide to invest an additional portion of our assets in equity securities, private equity limited partnership interests or other investments, which are generally subject to greater volatility than fixed maturity investments. Moreover, our private equity limited partnership interests are subject to transfer restrictions and may be illiquid. General economic conditions, stock market conditions, geopolitical events and many other factors beyond our control can adversely affect the fair value of our equity securities or other investments and could adversely affect our realization of net investment income. As a result of these factors, we may not realize an adequate return on our investments or we may incur losses on sales of our investments, which could reduce our net investment income and net realized investment gains or result in investment losses. 
 
 The fair value of our investment portfolio is also subject to valuation uncertainties. The valuation of investments is more subjective when the markets for these investments are illiquid and may increase the risk that the estimated fair value of our investment portfolio is not reflective of prices at which actual transactions would occur. Additionally, in the case of our private equity limited partnership interests, such valuations are determined by outside managers. Since the majority of our investments are held by our insurance subsidiaries, significant decreases in the fair value of these investments will produce significant declines in the statutory surplus of our insurance business. A long-term material decline in statutory surplus could have an adverse effect on our financial strength ratings and our ability to write new and renewal insurance business, thus potentially reducing our future underwriting profits. 
 
 Our determination of the amount of credit allowances to record varies by investment type and is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent credit risks associated with the respective investment type. We revise our evaluations and assessments as conditions change and new information becomes available, and we reflect changes in the credit allowance in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. We base our assessment of whether a credit allowance is required based on our case-by-case evaluation of the underlying reasons for the decline in fair value. However, we may not accurately assess whether a credit allowance is required and the recorded amounts for a credit allowance in our financial statements may be inadequate. 
 
 Federal and/or state tax legislation could be enacted that would lessen or eliminate some or all of the tax advantages we currently benefit from, including those governing received deductions and tax credits, which could adversely affect the value of our investment portfolio. 
 
 26 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

The property and casualty insurance and reinsurance industry is historically cyclical and the pricing and terms for our products may decline, which would adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 Historically, the financial performance of the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance industry has been cyclical, characterized by periods of severe price competition and excess underwriting capacity, or soft markets, followed by periods of high premium rates and shortages of underwriting capacity, or hard markets. We cannot predict with certainty when such a period may occur or how long any given hard or soft market will last. Downturns in the property and casualty market may cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial condition. 
 
 Losses from legal actions may materially affect our operating results, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Trends in the insurance industry regarding claims and coverage issues, such as increased litigation and the willingness of courts to expand covered causes of loss, may contribute to increased litigation costs and increase our loss exposure under the policies that we underwrite. 
 
 As industry practices and legal, judicial, social and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. Examples of emerging claims and coverage issues include, but are not limited to: 
 judicial expansion of policy coverage and the impact of new theories of liability; and 
 plaintiffs targeting property and casualty insurers in purported class-action litigation relating to claims-handling and other practices. 
 
 Multiparty or class action claims may present additional exposure to substantial economic, non-economic or punitive damage awards. The loss of even one of these claims, if it resulted in a significant award or a judicial ruling that was otherwise detrimental, could create a precedent in our industry that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. This risk of potential liability may make reasonable settlements of claims more difficult to obtain. 
 
 We may be named a defendant in a number of legal actions relating to those emerging claim and coverage issues. The propensity of policyholders and third-party claimants to litigate and the willingness of courts to expand causes of loss and the size of awards may result in increased costs associated with litigation, render our loss reserves inadequate and may be material to our operating results and cash flows for a particular quarter or annual period and to our financial condition. In addition, claims and coverage issues may not become apparent to us for some time after our issuance of the affected insurance policies. As a result, we may not know the full extent of liability under insurance policies we issue for many years after the policies are issued. 
 
 A downgrade in or withdrawal of our financial strength or stability ratings could adversely impact our business volume and our ability to access additional debt or equity financing. 
 
 Financial strength or stability ratings are important to an insurer s competitive position. Ratings measure an insurance company s ability to meet its obligation to contract holders and policyholders. High ratings help maintain public confidence in a company s products, facilitate the marketing of its products and enhance the company s competitive position. Rating agencies review their ratings periodically, and our current ratings may not be maintained in the future. If significant losses, such as those resulting from one or more major catastrophes, or significant reserve additions were to cause our capital position to deteriorate significantly, or if one or more rating agencies substantially increase their capital requirements, we may need to raise equity capital in the future to maintain our ratings or limit the extent of a downgrade. For example, a trend of more frequent and severe weather-related catastrophes may lead rating agencies to substantially increase their capital requirements. 
 
 We cannot guarantee that our insurance subsidiaries, IIC and ACIC will maintain their current A (Exceptional) or higher ratings by Demotech and A- ratings by Kroll. Any downgrade or withdrawal of these ratings could impact the acceptability of our products to mortgage lenders that require homeowners to buy insurance, reduce our ability to retain and attract policyholders and agents and damage our ability to compete, which may cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. These material adverse effects could include, but are not limited to: 
 
 reducing demand for new sales of insurance products; 
 requiring us to modify our existing products or services, introduce new products or services or reduce prices for our products and services, in order to remain competitive; 
 adversely affecting our relationships with our independent agents; 
 materially increasing the number or amount of policy cancellations and non-renewals by policyholders; 
 requiring us to post additional collateral under certain of our financing transactions; 
 27 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

limiting financial flexibility and access to capital markets; 
 adversely affecting our ability to obtain reinsurance at reasonable prices or at all; and 
 increasing the interest rates on our outstanding Senior Notes. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022, we received notice from Demotech that the financial stability rating for our insurance subsidiary, UPC, was withdrawn. We believe that without the Demotech financial stability rating, there is uncertainty around the future availability of reinsurance coverage for UPC. Therefore, the Company has filed plans of withdrawal in Florida, Louisiana and New York which was effective on January 1, 2023, and in Texas, which was effective on November 1, 2022. As a result, during the fourth quarter of 2022 the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation (FLOIR) issued Consent Order No. 303643-22-CO that provides for the administrative supervision and approval of UPC s run-off plan. In addition, during the fourth quarter of 2022, we received notice from Kroll that the rating of our insurance subsidiary, UPC, was withdrawn. 

RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN OUR COMMON STOCK 
 
 Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock by us or our existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decrease. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had registered up to 101,000,000 of our securities (including both our preferred and common stock) authorized to issue from time to time in one or more offerings. Additional equity financings or other share issuances by us could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Future share issuances in connection with merger transactions or other acquisitions could result in substantial additional dilution to our stockholders. 
 
 Dividend payments on our common stock in the future are uncertain, and our ability to pay dividends may be constrained by our holding company structure. 
 
 We have paid dividends on our common stock in the past. However, the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our profits, financial requirements and other factors, including legal and regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends from our subsidiaries (as we are a holding company and do not have any significant operations or assets other than our ownership of the shares of our operating subsidiaries), capital adequacy, liquidity, general business conditions and such other factors as our Board of Directors deem relevant. Therefore, investors who purchase our common stock may only realize a return on their investment if the value of our common stock appreciates. 
 
 The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends may affect our liquidity and ability to meet our obligations. 
 
 The Company is a holding company with no significant operations. The principal assets are the stock of its subsidiaries and the holding company s directly held investment portfolio. State insurance regulatory authorities limit the payment of dividends by insurance subsidiaries, as described in Note 15 in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The limitations are based on statutory income and surplus. In addition, competitive pressures generally require the subsidiaries to maintain insurance financial strength ratings. These restrictions and other regulatory requirements affect the ability of the subsidiaries to make dividend payments. Limits on the ability of the subsidiaries to pay dividends could adversely affect holding company liquidity, including our ability to pay dividends to stockholders and service our debt in the timeframe expected. 
 
 Management views enterprise economic capital as a combination of statutory surplus and invested assets at the parent holding company level. Deterioration in statutory surplus or earnings, from developments such as catastrophe losses, or changes in market conditions or interest rates, could adversely affect holding company liquidity by impacting the amount of dividends from our subsidiaries or the utilization of invested assets at the holding company to increase statutory surplus or for other corporate purposes. 
 
 In connection with the filed plan of withdrawal in New York for our insurance subsidiary, UPC, our insurance subsidiary, IIC, has agreed not to pay ordinary dividends until January 1, 2025, without the prior approval of the New York Department of Financial Services. 
 
 The substantial ownership of our common stock by R. Daniel Peed and his affiliates allows him to exert significant control over us, and the Company and R. Daniel Peed are subject to certain restrictive covenants that may restrict our ability to pursue certain opportunities. 
 
 R. Daniel Peed, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, beneficially owned approximately 32 of our issued and outstanding common stock at December 31, 2022. Mr. Peed also has a proxy from another member of RDX 
 28 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Holding, LLC, the former parent company of AmCo, who beneficially owns approximately 8 of our issued and outstanding common stock. As a result, Mr. Peed is able to exert substantial control over us. Moreover, Mr. Peed s interests may conflict with the interests of other holders of our common stock and he may take actions affecting us with which other stockholders may disagree. Mr. Peed has the ability to exert significant influence over the following: 
 
 the nomination, election and removal of our Board of Directors; 
 the adoption of amendments to our charter documents; 
 management and policies; 
 our day-to-day operations; and 
 the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matter submitted to our stockholders for approval, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets. 
 
 AmCo and ACIC are also subject to restrictive covenant agreements that contain non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality and other restrictive covenants that prohibit AmCo and ACIC from engaging in certain activities, including activities customarily performed by managing general agents and activities relating to segments of the commercial property insurance market for coastally exposed risks in the United States. Additionally, in connection with our merger with AmCo, we agreed to be subject to a restrictive covenant expiring on January 1, 2027 that will prohibit the formation, investment in or development, acquisition or ownership of any managing general agent or entity that performs activities customarily performed by managing general agents, or the engagement in customary managing general agent functions with respect to the commercial property insurance business. These restrictive covenants may restrict us from pursuing opportunities for expansion, including opportunities to act as or perform functions similar to a managing general agent, and therefore may limit our overall growth potential. 
 
 Further, we entered into a stockholder s agreement with Mr. Peed and certain affiliates of Mr. Peed, which provides those stockholders with rights that our other stockholders do not have. Although the stockholder s agreement requires shares beneficially owned by Mr. Peed and his affiliates to be voted in proportion to the votes cast by other stockholders on any proposal on which our stockholders are entitled to vote, this restriction terminated on April 3, 2022. 
 
 Transactions by Mr. Peed and his affiliates involving our common stock may have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 
 As noted above, Mr. Peed beneficially owned approximately 32 of our issued and outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. The Company has granted Mr. Peed and his affiliates customary demand and piggyback registration rights pursuant to which, subject to certain limitations, all of such shares eligible to be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and may be offered and sold to the public from time to time after the effectiveness of the related registration statement. Such shares may also be resold into the public markets in accordance with an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, including Rule 144, subject to the volume limitations, manner of sale requirements and notice requirements thereof. Sales of our common stock by Mr. Peed and his affiliates could have the effect of lowering our stock price. The perceived risk associated with the possible sale of a large number of shares by these stockholders could cause some of our other stockholders to sell their stock, thus causing the price of our stock to decline. In addition, actual or anticipated downward pressure on our stock price due to actual or anticipated sales of stock by Mr. Peed and his affiliates could cause other institutions or individuals to engage in short sales of our common stock, which may further cause the price of our stock to decline. 
 
 Provisions in our charter documents may make it harder for others to obtain control of us even though some stockholders might consider such a development to be favorable. 
 
 Our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals our stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. Our Board of Directors is divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. At a given annual meeting, only a portion of our Board of Directors may be considered for election. Additionally, the Board of Directors and executive officers control greater than 50 of the Common Stock of the Company. Consequently, our staggered board and concentrated holdings may prevent our stockholders from replacing a majority of our Board of Directors at certain annual meetings, and may entrench our management and discourage unsolicited stockholder proposals that may be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Further, our Board of Directors has the ability to designate the terms of and issue one or more series of preferred stock, which may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 
 29 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 We use all of our leased properties for office space. We lease in total approximately 34,900 square feet of office space located in Florida, New York, and Minnesota. These leases are generally short-term to medium-term leases of commercial office space. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are involved in routine claims-related legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. We accrue amounts resulting from claims-related legal actions in unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses during the period that we determine an unfavorable outcome becomes probable and we can estimate the amounts. Management makes revisions to our estimates based on its analysis of subsequent information that we receive regarding various factors, including: (i) per claim information; (ii) company and industry historical loss experience; (iii) judicial decisions and legal developments in the awarding of damages; and (iv) trends in general economic conditions, including the effects of inflation. 
 
 On August 18, 2021, Jacqueline A. Miraglia v. United Insurance Holdings Corp., and United Property Casualty Insurance Company was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware alleging violations and damages arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, and seeks damages in an unspecified amount. On September 27, 2022, venue was transferred to the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida, Tampa Division. In November, 2022, the plaintiff filed an Amended Complaint styled Jacqueline A. Miraglia vs. United Insurance Holdings Corp., United Property Casualty Insurance Company, and Skyway Claims Services, LLC, alleging violations arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967. The Company denies wrongdoing and believes that an unfavorable outcome is neither probable nor estimable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 30 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

MARKET INFORMATION 
 
 Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market (Nasdaq) under the symbol UIHC . 

HOLDERS OF COMMON EQUITY 
 
 As of March 7, 2023, we had 3,763 holders of record of our common stock. The number of record holders does not include stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 

DIVIDENDS 
 
 During 2022, we paid a dividend of 0.06 per share of our common stock during the first quarter. While we did not pay a dividend during any other period in 2022, any future dividend payments will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our profits, financial requirements and other factors, including legal and regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends, general business conditions and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. 
 
 During November 2022, we received a 26,000,000 dividend from our insurance subsidiary, ACIC. During February 2021, we received a 3,500,000 dividend from our insurance subsidiary, IIC. During February 2020, we received a 12,000,000 dividend from IIC. 
 
 Under Florida law, Florida-domiciled insurers such as ACIC may not pay any dividend or distribute cash or other property to its shareholders except out of its available and accumulated surplus funds which are derived from realized net operating profits on its business and net realized capital gains. Additionally, Florida-domiciled insurers may not make dividend payments or distributions to shareholders without the prior approval of the insurance regulatory authority if the dividend or distribution would exceed the larger of: 
 
 1. the lesser of: 
 
 a. 10 of the insurer s capital surplus, or 
 b. 100 of the insurer s net income, not including realized capital gains, plus a two-year carryforward 
 
 2. 10 of the insurer s capital surplus with dividends payable constrained to unassigned funds minus 25 of unrealized capital gains, or 
 
 3. the lesser of: 
 
 a. 10 of the insurer s capital surplus, or 
 b. 100 of the insurer s net investment income plus a three-year carryforward with dividends payable constrained to unassigned funds minus 25 of unrealized capital gains. 
 
 Alternatively, ACIC may pay a dividend or distribution without the prior written approval of the insurance regulatory authority when: 
 
 1. the dividend is equal to or less than the greater of: 
 
 a. 10 of the insurer s surplus as to policyholders derived from realized net operating profits on its business and net realized capital gains, or 
 b. The insurer s entire net operating profits and realized net capital gains derived during the immediately preceding calendar year, and: 
 
 31 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

i. The insurer will have surplus as to policyholders equal to or exceeding 115 of the minimum required statutory surplus as to policyholders after the dividend or distribution is made, and 
 ii. The insurer files a notice of the dividend or distribution with the insurance regulatory authority at least ten business days prior to the dividend payment or distribution, and 
 iii. The notice includes a certification by an officer of the insurer attesting that, after the payment of the dividend or distribution the insurer will have at least 115 of required statutory surplus as to policyholders. 
 
 Except as provided above, Florida-domiciled insurers may only pay a dividend or make a distribution (i) subject to prior approval by the insurance regulatory authority, or (ii) 30 days after the insurance regulatory authority has received notice of intent to pay such dividend or distribution and has not disapproved it within such time. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with these requirements. 
 
 Under the insurance regulations of New York, a New York-domiciled insurer such as IIC may not declare or distribute any dividend to shareholders which, together with all dividends declared or distributed by it during the next preceding twelve months, exceeds: 
 
 1. the lesser of: 
 
 a. 10 of the insurer s surplus to policyholders as shown on its latest statement on file with the Superintendent, or 
 b. 100 of adjusted net investment income during that period. 
 
 New York law defines adjusted net investment income to mean net investment income for the twelve months immediately preceding the declaration or distribution of the current dividend increased by the excess, if any, of net investment income over dividends declared or distributed during the period commencing 36 months prior to the declaration or distribution of the current dividend and ending 12 months prior thereto. 
 
 See Note 15 to our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of restrictions on future payments of dividends by our insurance affiliates. 
 32 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 
 
 During 2022, we did not have any unregistered sales of our equity securities. 
 
 REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 During 2022, we did not repurchase any of our equity securities. 
 33 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. The following discussion provides an analysis of our results of operations and financial condition for 2022 as compared to 2021. Discussion regarding our results of operations and financial condition for 2021 as compared to 2020 is included in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties. See Forward-Looking Statements . 

OVERVIEW 
 
 United Insurance Holding Corp. is a holding company primarily engaged in residential personal and commercial property and casualty insurance business with investments in the United States. During the periods presented, we conducted our business principally through three wholly-owned insurance subsidiaries: United Property Casualty Insurance Company (UPC); American Coastal Insurance Company (ACIC); and Interboro Insurance Company (IIC). Collectively, we refer to the holding company and all our subsidiaries, including non-insurance subsidiaries, as UPC Insurance, which is the preferred brand identification for our Company. With UPC in receivership effective February 27, 2023 and IIC available for sale, the Company will be moving away from the UPC Insurance name and re-branding in support of American Coastal s commercial operations during 2023. 
 
 Our Company s primary source of revenue is generated from writing insurance in Florida and New York. Effective December 1, 2022, we no longer write in the state of North Carolina. Effective October 1, 2022, we no longer write in the state of Georgia. Effective June 1, 2022, we no longer write in the state of South Carolina. Effective April 1, 2022, we no longer write in the state of Massachusetts, and effective January 15, 2022, we no longer write in the state of New Jersey. Effective January 1, 2021, we no longer write in the state of Hawaii. Effective December 1, 2021, we no longer write in the states of Connecticut or Rhode Island. We are also licensed to write property and casualty insurance in an additional six states; however, we have not commenced writing or no longer write in these states. Our target market in such areas consists of states where the perceived threat of natural catastrophe has caused large national insurance carriers to reduce their concentration of policies. We believe an opportunity exists for UPC Insurance to write profitable business in such areas. 
 
 On August 25, 2022, we announced that UPC had filed plans for withdrawal in the states of Florida, Louisiana, and Texas and intended to file a plan for withdrawal in the state of New York. All filed plans entail non-renewing personal lines policies in these states. Additionally, we announced that Demotech, Inc. (Demotech), an insurance rating agency, notified UPC of its intent to withdraw UPC's Financial Stability Rating On December 5, 2022, the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation ("FLOIR") issued Consent Order No. 303643-22- CO that provides for the administrative supervision and approval of the plan of run-off for UPC (the "Consent Order"). The Consent Order provides formal approval of UPC's Plan of Run-Off (the "Plan") to facilitate a solvent wind down of its affairs in an orderly fashion. Additionally, in connection with the Plan, IIC has agreed to not pay ordinary dividends without the prior approval of the New York Department of Financial Services until January 1, 2025. On February 10, 2023, we announced that a solvent run-off for UPC was unlikely and on February 27, 2023, UPC was placed into receivership with the Florida Department of Financial Services (DFS) which divested our ownership of UPC. 
 
 Our Company, together with wholly-owned subsidiaries UPC and United Insurance Management, L.C. (UIM), entered into a Renewal Rights Agreement (Southeast Renewal Agreement), dated as of December 30, 2021 with HCPCI, pursuant to which our Company, UPC and UIM agreed to sell, and HCPCI agreed to purchase, the renewal rights to UPC s personal lines homeowners business in Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina. The transfer of policies is subject to regulatory approval. Effective June 1, 2022, we began the transition of South Carolina policies to HCPCI and effective October 1, 2022, we transitioned Georgia Policies in connection with our renewal rights agreement. The sale was consummated on December 30, 2021. 
 
 Effective June 1, 2022, we entered into a quota share reinsurance agreement with TypTap Insurance Company (Typtap). Under the terms of this agreement, we cede 100 of our in-force, new, and renewal policies in the states of Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina. This agreement replaces the 85 quota share agreement with Homeowners Choice Property and Casualty, Inc. (HCPCI) effective December 31, 2021. Also effective June 1, 2022, our third-party quota share reinsurance agreements were renewed to exclude these states. We will no longer retain any risk associated with these states. 

34 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Our Company, together with wholly-owned subsidiaries UPC and UIM, entered into a Renewal Rights Agreement (Northeast Renewal Agreement), dated as of January 18, 2021 with HCPCI and HCI Group, Inc. (HCI), pursuant to which our Company, UPC and UIM agreed to sell, and HCPCI agreed to purchase, the renewal rights to UPC s personal lines homeowners business in Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Jersey and Rhode Island. The transfer of all states was completed as 
 of June 30, 2022. 
 
 Effective June 1, 2021, we entered into a quota share reinsurance agreement with HCPCI and TypTap Insurance Company (TypTap) in connection with the Northeast Renewal Agreement. Under the terms of this agreement, we cede 100 of our in-force, new, and renewal policies in the states of Connecticut, New Jersey, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island. The cession of these policies is 50 to HCPCI and 50 to TypTap. 
 
 We have historically grown our business through organic growth complemented by strategic acquisitions and partnerships, including our acquisitions of AmCo Holding Company (AmCo) and its subsidiaries, including ACIC, in April 2017, IIC in April 2016, and Family Security Holdings, LLC (FSH), including its subsidiary FSIC in February 2015, and our strategic partnership with a subsidiary of Tokio Marine Kiln Group Limited (Kiln), which formed JIC in August 2018. Effective June 1, 2022, we merged JIC into ACIC, with ACIC being the surviving entity. Effective May 31, 2022, we merged FSIC into UPC, with UPC being the surviving entity. 
 
 As a result of underwriting actions implemented during 2022, as well as the transfer of Rhode Island, Connecticut, New Jersey, Massachusetts, North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia policies to HCPCI, our policies in-force decreased by 46.1 from 471,724 policies in-force at December 31, 2021 to 254,275 policies in-force at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our business is subject to the impact of weather-related catastrophes on our loss and loss adjustment expenses (LAE). Over the last three years, the frequency of these catastrophes has increased. As a result, we have experienced increased catastrophe losses incurred during the prior three years. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, two, seven, and thirteen named storms, respectively, made landfall in our geographic footprint, resulting in retained pre-tax catastrophe losses of 203,896,000, 35,872,000, and 208,157,000, respectively. In addition, during each of the three years we increased our loss and LAE reserves as a result of development trends from 2017 s Hurricane Irma, that indicated our ultimate gross loss estimate should be increased. 
 
 The following discussion highlights significant factors influencing the consolidated financial position and results of operations of UPC Insurance. In evaluating our results of operations, we use premiums written and earned, policies in-force and new and renewal policies by geographic concentration. We also consider the impact of catastrophe losses and prior year development on our loss ratios, expense ratios and combined ratios. In monitoring our investments, we use credit quality, investment income, cash flows, realized gains and losses, unrealized gains and losses, asset diversification and portfolio duration. To evaluate our financial condition, we consider our liquidity, financial strength, ratings, book value per share and return on equity. 

35 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Consolidated Net Loss 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 REVENUE: Gross premiums written 1,124,063 1,329,445 1,456,863 Change in gross unearned premiums 99,120 78,998 (49,883) Gross premiums earned 1,223,183 1,408,443 1,406,980 Ceded premiums earned (760,557) (818,682) (641,317) Net premiums earned 462,626 589,761 765,663 Net investment income 14,011 13,772 24,125 Net realized gains (losses) (32,082) 3,567 66,691 Net unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities (6,585) 3,237 (27,562) Other revenue 17,452 24,190 17,739 Total revenues 455,422 634,527 846,656 EXPENSES: Losses and loss adjustment expenses 637,647 422,134 608,316 Policy acquisition costs 156,089 173,574 236,002 Operating expenses 43,632 56,257 52,876 General and administrative expenses 63,317 57,212 72,057 Interest expense 9,613 9,391 9,582 Total expenses 910,298 718,568 978,833 Loss before other income (454,876) (84,041) (132,177) Other income 10,395 184 74 Loss before income taxes (444,481) (83,857) (132,103) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 25,485 (23,989) (36,605) Net loss (469,966) (59,868) (95,498) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests (111) (1,949) 956 Net loss attributable to UIHC (469,855) (57,919) (96,454) Net loss per diluted share (10.91) (1.35) (2.25) Book value per share (4.21) 7.20 9.19 Return on equity based on GAAP net loss (307.4) (16.9) (20.2) Loss ratio, net (1) 
 137.8 71.6 79.4 Expense ratio (2)(5) 
 56.9 48.7 47.1 Combined ratio (3)(5) 
 194.7 120.3 126.5 Effect of current year catastrophe losses on combined ratio 61.2 19.3 38.5 Effect of prior year development on combined ratio 24.3 4.7 (0.9) Underlying combined ratio (4)(5) 
 109.2 96.3 88.9 
 (1) Loss ratio, net is calculated as losses and LAE net of losses ceded to reinsurers, relative to net premiums earned. Management uses this operating metric to analyze our loss trends and believes it is useful for investors to evaluate this component separately from our other operating expenses. 
 (2) Expense ratio is calculated as the sum of all operating expenses less interest expense relative to net premiums earned. Management uses this operating metric to analyze our expense trends and believes it is useful for investors to evaluate these components separately from our loss expenses. 
 (3) Combined ratio is the sum of the loss ratio, net and expense ratio. Management uses this operating metric to analyze our total expense trends and believes it is a key indicator for investors when evaluating the overall profitability of our business. 
 (4) Underlying combined ratio, a measure that is not based on GAAP, is reconciled above to the combined ratio, the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Additional information regarding non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Form 10-K can be found in Definitions of Non-GAAP Measures , below. 
 (5) Included in both the expense ratio and the combined ratio is amortization expense predominately associated with the AmCo, IIC, and FSH acquisitions, which cause comparative differences among periods. 
 36 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

DEFINITIONS OF NON-GAAP MEASURES 
 
 We believe that investors understanding of UPC Insurance s performance is enhanced by our disclosure of the following non-GAAP measures. Our methods for calculating these measures may differ from those used by other companies and therefore comparability may be limited. 
 
 Combined ratio excluding the effects of current year catastrophe losses and prior year reserve development (underlying combined ratio) is a non-GAAP measure, that is computed by subtracting the effect of current year catastrophe losses and prior year development from the combined ratio. We believe that this ratio is useful to investors, and it is used by management to highlight the trends in our business that may be obscured by current year catastrophe losses and prior year development. Current year catastrophe losses cause our loss trends to vary significantly between periods as a result of their frequency of occurrence and magnitude, and can have a significant impact on the combined ratio. Prior year development is caused by unexpected loss development on historical reserves. We believe it is useful for investors to evaluate these components separately and in the aggregate when reviewing our performance. The most directly comparable GAAP measure is the combined ratio. The underlying combined ratio should not be considered as a substitute for the combined ratio and does not reflect the overall profitability of our business. 
 
 Net loss and LAE excluding the effects of current year catastrophe losses and prior year reserve development (underlying loss and LAE) is a non-GAAP measure that is computed by subtracting the effect of current year catastrophe losses and prior year reserve development from net loss and LAE. We use underlying loss and LAE figures to analyze our loss trends that may be impacted by current year catastrophe losses and prior year development on our reserves. As discussed previously, these two items can have a significant impact on our loss trends in a given period. We believe it is useful for investors to evaluate these components both separately and in the aggregate when reviewing our performance. The most directly comparable GAAP measure is net loss and LAE. The underlying loss and LAE measure should not be considered a substitute for net loss and LAE and does not reflect the overall profitability of our business. 

37 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Consolidated Results 
 
 Net loss attributable to UIHC for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 411,936,000 to 469,855,000, compared to 57,919,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net losses was primarily driven by an increase in loss LAE expense for the year, as a result of Hurricane Ian making landfall in Florida as a category four hurricane and exhausting our personal lines reinsurance coverage for the event. In addition, our provision for income taxes increased from the recognition of a valuation allowance against our deferred tax asset in 2022. Total revenues also decreased, driven by decreased gross written premiums and realized losses on investments, as described below. These factors were partially offset by lower policy acquisition costs and decreased ceded premium earned, as described below. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Our gross written premiums decreased by 205,382,000, or 15.4 , to 1,124,063,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 1,329,445,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by the transition of the Northeast business to HCPCI in the fourth quarter of 2021 and the first half of 2022, and the transition of the Southeast business to HCPCI in the second half of 2022. In addition, we experienced a decline in written premiums across the personal lines business, due to underwriting actions taken throughout 2021 and 2022. The breakdown of the year-over-year changes in both direct and assumed written premiums by region and gross written premium by line of business are shown in the table below. 
 
 Direct Written and Assumed Premium By Region (1) 
 2022 2021 Change Florida 885,202 852,711 32,491 Gulf 162,786 225,013 (62,227) Southeast 42,780 93,188 (50,408) Northeast 32,769 158,217 (125,448) Total direct written premium by region 1,123,537 1,329,129 (205,592) Assumed premium (2) 
 526 316 210 Total gross written premium by region 1,124,063 1,329,445 (205,382) Gross Written Premium by Line of Business Personal property (3) 
 615,819 907,207 (291,388) Commercial property (4) 
 508,244 422,238 86,006 Total gross written premium by line of business 1,124,063 1,329,445 (205,382) 
 (1) "Gulf" is comprised of Louisiana and Texas; "Northeast" is comprised of Massachusetts, New Jersey and New York in 2022 and Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York and Rhode Island in 2021; and "Southeast" is comprised of Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina. We are no longer writing in New Jersey as of January 15, 2022, Massachusetts as of April 1, 2022, South Carolina as of June 1, 2022, Georgia as of October 1, 2022 and North Carolina as of December 1, 2022 as the policies have transitioned to HCPCI. 
 (2) Assumed premium written for 2022 and 2021 primarily included commercial property business assumed from unaffiliated insurers. 
 (3) Includes gross written premium from flood policies. 
 (4) Commercial written premium for 2022 and 2021 was primarily written in Florida. 
 
 New and Renewal Policies (1) By Region (2) 
 2022 2021 Change Florida 141,953 212,497 (70,544) Gulf 67,546 113,983 (46,437) Northeast 33,596 122,723 (89,127) Southeast 24,600 60,406 (35,806) Total 267,695 509,609 (241,914) 
 (1) Only includes new and renewal homeowner, commercial and dwelling fire policies written during the year. 
 (2) "Gulf" is comprised of Louisiana and Texas; "Northeast" is comprised of Massachusetts, New Jersey and New York in 2022 and Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York and Rhode Island in 2021; and "Southeast" is comprised of Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina. We are no longer writing in New Jersey as of January 15, 2022, Massachusetts as of April 1, 2022, South Carolina as of June 1, 2022, Georgia as of October 1, 2022 and North Carolina as of December 1, 2022 as the policies have transitioned to HCPCI. 

38 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Ceded premiums earned decreased by 58,125,000, or 7.1 , to 760,557,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 818,682,000 for 2021. The decrease is primarily driven by a 57,134,000 decrease in ceded premiums earned from our quota share agreements. This decrease can be attributed to the transition of our Northeast and Southeast business to HCPCI, resulting in lower cessions to the associated quota share contracts in 2022. In addition, our cessions to our external contracts decreased in 2022 as the result of the decrease in personal lines gross written premium described above. 
 
 Net investment income remained relatively flat in 2022, decreasing by 239,000, or 1.7 , to 14,011,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 13,772,000 for 2021. 
 
 Net realized investment gains (losses) and net unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities decreased by 45,471,000, or 668.3 , to a net loss of 38,667,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from a net gain of 6,804,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by 22,718,000 of impairment losses realized on the fixed maturity portfolio attributable to our personal lines operating segment. The remainder of this change can be attributed to rising interest rates and unfavorable market conditions in 2022 resulting in unrealized losses on our investment portfolio. 

Expenses 
 
 Expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 191,730,000, or 26.7 , to 910,298,000, from 718,568,000 for 2021. The increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in loss and LAE as a result of Hurricane Ian making landfall in Florida as a category four hurricane and exhausting our personal lines reinsurance coverage for the event. The calculations of our combined loss ratios and underlying loss ratios are shown below. 
 in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Net loss and LAE 637,647 422,134 215,513 of Gross earned premiums 52.1 30.0 22.1 pts of Net earned premiums 137.8 71.6 66.2 pts Less: Current year catastrophe losses 283,190 113,740 169,450 Prior year reserve unfavorable development 112,636 27,856 84,780 Underlying loss and LAE (1) 
 241,821 280,538 (38,717) of Gross earned premiums 19.8 19.9 (0.1) pts of Net earned premiums 52.3 47.6 4.7 pts 
 (1) Underlying loss and LAE is a non-GAAP financial measure and is reconciled above to net loss and LAE, the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Additional information regarding non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Form 10-K can be found in the Definitions of Non-GAAP Measures section, above. 
 
 The calculations of the Company s expense ratios are shown below. 
 in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Policy acquisition costs 156,089 173,574 (17,485) Operating and underwriting 43,632 56,257 (12,625) General and administrative 63,317 57,212 6,105 Total Operating Expenses 263,038 287,043 (24,005) of Gross earned premiums 21.5 20.4 1.1 pts of Net earned premiums 56.9 48.7 8.2 pts 

Loss and LAE increased by 215,513,000, or 51.1 , to 637,647,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 422,134,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Loss and LAE expense as a percentage of net earned premiums increased 66.2 points to 137.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 71.6 for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we experienced increased catastrophe losses as a result of the severity of Hurricane Ian in 2022. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022 prior year reserve unfavorable development was higher on 
 39 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

both catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses. Excluding catastrophe losses and reserve development, our gross underlying loss and LAE ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022 would have been 19.8 , a decrease of 0.1 points from 19.9 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Policy acquisition costs decreased by 17,485,000, or 10.1 , to 156,089,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 173,574,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The primary driver of the decrease in expense was a decrease in agent commissions, premium taxes and policy administration fees of 24,871,000, 4,958,000 and 4,077,000, respectively, all of which fluctuated in conjunction with the year-over-year decrease in personal lines gross written premium. This was partially offset by a 8,071,000 increase in external management fees incurred as a result of an increased volume of commercial written premium year-over-year. In addition, ceding commission income decreased 9,783,000 due to changes in the terms of our quota share reinsurance agreements. 
 
 Operating and underwriting expenses decreased by 12,625,000, or 22.4 , to 43,632,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 56,257,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to decreased expenses related to our investment in technology of 10,606,000. In addition, underwriting expenses decreased 2,888,000, driven by the decrease in personal lines premiums described above. 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 6,105,000, or 10.7 , to 63,317,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 57,212,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the impairment of goodwill attributable to our personal lines operating segment totaling 13,569,000. This was partially offset by a decrease in salary related expenses of 8,547,000 attributable to a reduction in payroll taxes attributable to an employee retention tax credit refund for taxes previously paid and recognized as an expense by the company, as well as a reduction in headcount in 2022. 
 
 We experienced adverse reserve development in the current year and its historical impact on our net loss and net underlying loss ratios is outlined in the following table. 
 Historical Reserve Development in thousands, except ratios) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Prior year reserve favorable (unfavorable) development (4,318) (33,134) 6,786 (27,856) (112,636) Development as a of earnings before interest and taxes (76.7) 145.2 (5.5) 37.4 26.0 Consolidated net loss and LAE ratio (LR) 59.3 66.4 79.4 71.6 137.8 Prior year reserve unfavorable (favorable) development on LR 0.6 4.4 (0.9) 4.7 24.3 Current year catastrophe losses on LR 14.6 12.9 38.5 19.3 61.2 Underlying net loss and LAE ratio (1) 
 44.1 49.1 41.8 47.6 52.3 
 (1) Underlying net loss and LAE Ratio is a non-GAAP measure and is reconciled above to the Consolidated net loss and LAE Ratio, the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Additional information regarding non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Form 10-K can be found in the Definitions of Non-GAAP Measures section, above. 

40 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Personal Lines Operating Segment Results 
 
 Pretax losses attributable to our personal lines operating segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 376,597,000 to a pretax loss of , compared to a pretax loss of 104,556,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in pretax net loss was primarily due to a 291,387,000 decrease in gross written premiums, as described below, and a 183,088,000 increase in losses and LAE during 2022, driven by the impact of Hurricane Ian making landfall in Florida as a category four hurricane and exhausting our personal lines reinsurance coverage for the event. We also experienced a 29,172,000 decrease in realized investment gains, as described below. These drivers were partially offset by a 18,283,000 decrease in policy acquisition costs and 11,734,000 decrease in operating costs year-over-year, as described below. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Our gross written premiums attributable to our personal lines operating segment decreased by 291,387,000, or 32.1 , to for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 907,207,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily reflecting the transition of the Northeast business to HCPCI in the fourth quarter of 2021 and first half of 2022, and the transition of the Southeast business to HCPCI in the second half of 2022. In addition, decreases across all regions are seen due to the underwriting actions taken during 2021 and 2022. The breakdown of the year-over-year changes in direct written premiums by region are shown in the table below. 
 
 Direct Written Premium By Region (1) 
 2022 2021 Change Florida 381,387 439,645 (58,258) Gulf 158,899 217,604 (58,705) Northeast 32,769 158,217 (125,448) Southeast 42,765 91,741 (48,976) Total gross written premium by region 615,820 907,207 (291,387) 
 (1) "Gulf" is comprised of Louisiana and Texas; "Northeast" is comprised of Massachusetts, New Jersey and New York in 2022 and Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York and Rhode Island in 2021; and "Southeast" is comprised of Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina. We are no longer writing in New Jersey as of January 15, 2022, Massachusetts as of April 1, 2022, South Carolina as of June 1, 2022, Georgia as of October 1, 2022 and North Carolina as of December 1, 2022 as the policies have transitioned to HCPCI. 
 
 New and Renewal Policies (1) By Region (2) 
 2022 2021 Change Florida 136,456 206,366 (69,910) Gulf 67,514 113,884 (46,370) Northeast 113,884 33,596 122,723 (89,127) Southeast 24,598 60,376 (35,778) Total 262,164 503,349 (241,185) 
 (1) Only includes new and renewal homeowner and dwelling fire policies written during the year. 
 (2) "Gulf" is comprised of Louisiana and Texas; "Northeast" is comprised of Massachusetts, New Jersey and New York in 2022 and Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York and Rhode Island in 2021; and "Southeast" is comprised of Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina. We are no longer writing in New Jersey as of January 15, 2022, Massachusetts as of April 1, 2022, South Carolina as of June 1, 2022, Georgia as of October 1, 2022 and North Carolina as of December 1, 2022 as the policies have transitioned to HCPCI. 

Ceded premiums earned attributable to our personal lines operating segment decreased by 66,362,000, or 11.4 , to for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 581,626,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily driven by a 65,755,000 decrease in ceded premiums earned from our quota share agreements. This decrease can be attributed to the transition of our Northeast and Southeast business to HCPCI, resulting in lower cessions to the associated quota share contracts in 2022. In addition, our cessions to our external contracts decreased in 2022 as the result of the decrease in gross written premium described above. 
 
 Net investment income attributable to our personal lines operating segment decreased by 865,000, or 9.7 , to for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 8,962,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is driven by a 3,304,000 decrease in income from our fixed maturity investment portfolio as a result of a decrease in the size of our fixed maturity portfolio in 2022. This was partially offset by increased income on our cash equivalents of 1,976,000 as a result of increased holdings, and a decrease in investment related expenses of 292,000. 
 
 41 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Net realized investment gains (losses) and net unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities attributable to our personal lines operating segment decreased by 35,555,000, or 662.5 , to a net loss of 30,188,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from a net gain of 5,367,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by 22,718,000 of impairment losses realized on our fixed maturity portfolio. The remainder of this change can be attributed to rising interest rates and unfavorable market conditions in 2022 resulting in unrealized losses on our investment portfolio still held of 4,617,000 during 2022 and realized losses on our portfolio sold during 2022 of 2,853,000. 

Expenses 
 
 Expenses attributable to our personal lines operating segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 157,504,000, or 28.1 , to for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 559,812,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in loss and LAE as a result of Hurricane Ian making landfall in Florida as a category four hurricane and exhausting our personal lines reinsurance coverage for the event. This was partially offset by decreased policy acquisition and operating costs, described below. The calculations of our combined loss ratios and underlying loss ratios are shown below. 
 in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Net loss and LAE 367,416 183,088 of Gross earned premiums 72.5 36.8 35.7 pts of Net earned premiums 225.9 88.2 137.7 pts Less: Current year catastrophe losses 239,805 104,210 135,595 Prior year reserve unfavorable (favorable) development 120,535 32,209 88,326 Underlying loss and LAE (1) 
 190,164 230,997 (40,833) of Gross earned premiums 25.1 23.1 2.0 pts of Net earned premiums 78.0 55.5 22.5 pts 
 (1) Underlying loss and LAE is a non-GAAP financial measure and is reconciled above to net loss and LAE, the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Additional information regarding non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Form 10-K can be found in the Definitions of Non-GAAP Measures section, above. 
 
 The calculations of the Company s personal lines operating segment expense ratios are shown below. 
 in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Policy acquisition costs 93,376 (18,283) Operating and underwriting 51,004 (11,734) General and administrative 47,927 4,391 Total Operating Expenses 166,681 192,307 (25,626) of Gross earned premiums 22.0 19.3 2.7 pts of Net earned premiums 68.4 46.2 22.2 pts 

Loss and LAE attributable to our personal lines operating segment increased by 183,088,000, or 49.8 , to for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 367,416,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Loss and LAE expense as a percentage of net earned premiums increased 137.7 points to 225.9 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 88.2 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Excluding catastrophe losses and reserve development, our gross underlying loss and LAE ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022 would have been 25.1 , an increase of 2.0 points from 23.1 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Policy acquisition costs attributable to our personal lines operating segment decreased by 18,283,000, or 19.6 , to for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 93,376,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The primary driver of the decrease in costs was decreased agent commissions, premium taxes, and policy administration fees of 22,455,000, 7,427,000 and 4,042,000, respectively, which fluctuated in conjunction with the year-over-year decrease in 
 42 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

written premium described above. This was partially offset by decreased ceding commission income of 17,075,000 related primarily to our quota share reinsurance agreements. 
 
 Operating and underwriting expenses attributable to our personal lines operating segment decreased by 11,734,000, or 23.0 , to for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 51,004,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to decreased expenses related to our investment in technology of 9,413,000. In addition, underwriting expenses decreased 2,692,000, driven by the decrease in written premiums described above. 
 
 General and administrative expenses attributable to our personal lines operating segment increased by 4,391,000, or 9.2 , to for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 47,927,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, as the result of impairment of goodwill attributable to our personal lines operating segment of 13,569,000. This was partially offset by a decrease in salary related expenses of 9,244,000 attributable to a reduction in payroll taxes attributable to an employee retention tax credit refund for taxes previously paid and recognized as an expense by the company, as well as a reduction in headcount in 2022. 

Commercial Lines Operating Segment Results 
 
 Pretax earnings attributable to our commercial lines operating segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 3,820,000 to pretax income of , compared to pretax income of 32,021,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in pretax earnings was primarily due to an increase in revenue driven by increased gross written premium described below. This increase was partially offset by increased loss LAE expense for the year as a result of Hurricane Ian making landfall in Florida as a category four hurricane. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Our gross written premiums attributable to our commercial lines operating segment increased by 86,005,000, or 20.4 , to for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 422,238,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily reflecting the impact of rate increases on renewal business generated in the state of Florida, as we focus on increasing commercial written premiums and transitioning to a specialty commercial lines underwriter. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in premiums written in Texas and South Carolina as we are no longer writing business in these states. The breakdown of the year-over-year changes in both direct and assumed written premiums by state are shown in the table below. 
 
 Direct Written and Assumed Premium By State 2022 2021 Change Florida 503,815 413,066 90,749 Texas 3,887 7,409 (3,522) South Carolina 15 1,447 (1,432) Total direct written premium by region 507,717 421,922 85,795 Assumed premium (1) 
 526 316 210 Total gross written premium by region 508,243 422,238 86,005 
 (1) Assumed premium written for 2022 and 2021 primarily included commercial property business assumed from unaffiliated insurers. 
 
 New and Renewal Policies (1) By State 
 2022 2021 Change Florida 5,497 6,131 (634) Texas 32 99 (67) South Carolina 2 30 (28) Total 5,531 6,260 (729) 
 (1) Only includes new and renewal commercial policies written during the year. 
 
 Ceded premiums earned attributable to our commercial lines operating segment increased by 8,237,000 or 3.5 , to for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 237,056,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily driven by a 8,621,000 increase in ceded premiums earned from our quota share agreements, driven by the increase in gross written premium, described above resulting in increased cessions to these contracts during 2022. 
 
 43 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Net investment income attributable to our commercial lines operating segment increased by 1,097,000, or 23.0 , to for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 4,764,000 for 2021. This increase is driven by a 999,000 increase in income from our cash and cash equivalent holdings, as a result of increased holdings year-over-year. 
 
 Net realized investment gains and net unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities attributable to our commercial lines operating segment decreased by 9,914,000, or 689.9 , to a net loss of 8,477,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from a net gain of 1,437,000 for 2021, primarily driven by the disposal of fixed maturities to meet liquidity needs during an unfavorable price environment, resulting in realized losses of 6,511,000 in 2022. The remainder of this change can be attributed to unrealized losses as a result of unfavorable market conditions experienced in 2022. 

Expenses 
 
 Expenses attributable to our commercial lines operating segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 34,256,000, or 23.2 , to for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 147,388,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in loss and LAE as a result of Hurricane Ian making landfall in Florida as a category four hurricane. In addition, general and administrative costs increased 1,980,000 in 2022, as described below. 
 in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Net loss and LAE 54,718 32,425 of Gross earned premiums 18.8 13.3 5.5 pts of Net earned premiums 39.8 31.6 8.2 pts Less: Current year catastrophe losses 43,385 9,530 33,855 Prior year reserve favorable development (7,899) (4,353) (3,546) Underlying loss and LAE (1) 
 51,657 49,541 2,116 of Gross earned premiums 11.1 12.1 (1.0) pts of Net earned premiums 23.6 28.6 (5.0) pts 
 (1) Underlying loss and LAE is a non-GAAP financial measure and is reconciled above to net loss and LAE, the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Additional information regarding non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Form 10-K can be found in the Definitions of Non-GAAP Measures section, above. 
 
 The calculations of the Company s commercial lines operating segment expense ratios are shown below. 
 in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Policy acquisition costs 80,198 798 Operating and underwriting 4,873 (947) General and administrative 7,599 1,980 Total Operating Expenses 94,501 92,670 1,831 of Gross earned premiums 20.4 22.6 (2.2) pts of Net earned premiums 43.2 53.5 (10.3) pts 
 
 Loss and LAE attributable to our commercial lines operating segment increased by 32,425,000, or 59.3 , to for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 54,718,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Loss and LAE expense as a percentage of net earned premiums increased 8.2 points to 39.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 31.6 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Excluding catastrophe losses and reserve development, our gross underlying loss and LAE ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022 would have been 11.1 , a decrease of 1.0 point from 12.1 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 44 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Policy acquisition costs attributable to our commercial lines operating segment remained relatively flat, increasing by 798,000, or 1.0 , to for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 80,198,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Operating and underwriting expenses attributable to our commercial lines operating segment decreased by 947,000, or 19.4 , to for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 4,873,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to decreased expenses related to our investment in technology of 1,164,000. 
 
 General and administrative expenses attributable to our commercial lines operating segment increased by 1,980,000, or 26.1 , to for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 7,599,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was driven by a 1,131,000 increase of allocated external fees related to legal, audit, actuarial and tax services provided during the year. In addition, we incurred an additional 698,000 in allocated salary expenses in 2022 compared to 2021. 

45 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8 in this Form 10-K. 

Investments 
 
 The primary goals of our investment strategy are to preserve capital, maximize after-tax investment income, maintain liquidity and minimize risk. To accomplish our goals, we purchase debt securities in sectors that represent the most attractive relative value, and we maintain a moderate equity exposure. Limiting equity exposure manages risks and helps to preserve capital for two reasons: first, bond market returns are less volatile than stock market returns, and second, should the bond issuer enter bankruptcy liquidation, bondholders generally have a higher priority than equity holders in a bankruptcy proceeding. Our investment strategy is the same for both our personal lines and commercial lines operating segments. 
 
 We must comply with applicable state insurance regulations that prescribe the type, quality and concentrations of investments our insurance subsidiaries can make; therefore, our current investment policy limits investment in non-investment-grade fixed maturities and limits total investment amounts in preferred stock, common stock and mortgage notes receivable. We do not invest in derivative securities. Large catastrophe losses such as Hurricane Ian in 2022 can present significant liquidity demands to the Company stemming from higher than normal frequency and severity of insurance claims. This can lead to the selling of securities that we intended to hold until maturity and realizing untimely gains or losses. 
 
 Two outside asset management companies, which have authority and discretion to buy and sell securities for us, manage our investments subject to (i) the guidelines established by our Board of Directors and (ii) the direction of management. The Investment Committee of our Board of Directors reviews and approves our investment policy on a regular basis. 
 
 Our cash and investment portfolios totaled 715,721,000 at December 31, 2022 compared to 964,844,000 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The following table summarizes our investments, by type: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Estimated Fair Value Percent of Total Estimated Fair Value Percent of Total U.S. government and agency securities 34,011 4.8 49,340 5.1 Foreign governments 1,330 0.2 3,459 0.4 States, municipalities and political subdivisions 51,779 7.2 79,896 8.3 Public utilities 14,688 2.1 25,457 2.6 Corporate securities 141,634 19.8 244,443 25.3 Mortgage-backed securities 99,964 14.0 186,740 19.4 Asset-backed securities 32,126 4.5 70,162 7.3 Redeemable preferred stocks 931 0.1 4,105 0.4 Total fixed maturities 376,463 52.7 663,602 68.8 Mutual fund 35,485 5.0 33,064 3.4 Public utilities 551 0.1 Non-redeemable preferred stocks 2,984 0.4 4,894 0.5 Total equity securities 39,020 5.5 37,958 3.9 Other investments 16,628 2.3 18,006 1.9 Total investments 432,111 60.5 719,566 74.6 Cash and cash equivalents 229,893 32.0 212,024 22.0 Restricted cash 
 53,717 7.5 33,254 3.4 Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and investments 715,721 100.0 964,844 100.0 
 
 We classify all of our investments as available-for-sale. Our investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted mainly of U.S. government and agency securities, states, municipalities and political subdivisions, mortgage-backed securities and securities of investment-grade corporate issuers. Our equity holdings in 2022 and 2021 consisted mainly of securities issued by 
 46 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

companies in the financial, utilities and industrial sectors or mutual funds. Most of the corporate bonds we hold reflected a similar diversification. At December 31, 2022, approximately 84.4 of our fixed maturities were U.S. Treasuries, or corporate bonds rated A or better, and 15.6 were corporate bonds rated BBB or BB . 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of UPC s plan of run-off, management determined that it was more likely than not that we would be required to sell a portion or all of our fixed-income securities attributable to the entity before recovery of their amortized cost basis. These securities were evaluated and none of the unrealized loss position was the result of a credit loss. As a result, we realized impairment losses of 22,718,000 on these securities. Total shareholders equity (deficit) was not impacted by such charge; however, our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 worsened and other comprehensive income improved by 22,718,000, before tax impacts, in offsetting amounts. The remainder of our fixed-income securities remain in an unrealized position as of December 31, 2022, with net unrealized losses on the portfolio totaling 33,054,000 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The most significant impact of COVID-19 on our business occurred during the year ended December 31, 2020, where we saw fluctuations in our investment portfolio due to volatility in the equity securities markets that we were unable to predict. During the second half of the year ended December 31, 2020, we decreased our equity portfolio from 9.1 of our total invested assets (including cash, restricted cash and cash equivalents) at June 30, 2020 to 0.6 of our total invested assets (including cash, restricted cash and cash equivalents) at December 31, 2020. As a result of this decrease, we experienced a decreased impact from fluctuations in the equity securities markets on our financial statements for the second half of the year ended December 31, 2020. In the first quarter of 2021, we began to increase our investments in the equities market. Management is working closely with our investment managers to monitor the fluctuations in the markets and the corresponding impact to our portfolios. 

Reinsurance 
 
 We follow industry practice of reinsuring a portion of our risks. Reinsurance involves transferring, or ceding , all or a portion of the risk exposure on policies we write to another insurer, known as a reinsurer. To the extent that our reinsurers are unable to meet the obligations they assume under our reinsurance agreements, we remain primarily liable for the entire insured loss under the policies we write. 
 
 Our reinsurance program is designed, utilizing our risk management methodology, to address our exposure to catastrophes. According to the Insurance Service Office (ISO), a catastrophe loss is defined as a single unpredictable incident or series of closely related incidents that result in 25,000,000 or more in U.S. industry-wide direct insured losses to property and that affect a significant number of policyholders and insurers (ISO catastrophes). In addition to ISO catastrophes, we also include as catastrophes those events (non-ISO catastrophes), which may include losses, that we believe are, or will be, material to our operations which we define as incidents that result in 1,000,000 or more in losses for multiple policyholders. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2022, we placed our reinsurance program for the 2022 hurricane season. We purchased catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance protection of 2,500,000,000 in the aggregate. The treaties reinsure personal and commercial lines property excess catastrophe losses caused by multiple perils including hurricanes and tropical storms. The agreements were effective as of June 1, 2022, for a one-year term and incorporate the mandatory coverage required by and placed with the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund (FHCF) and coverage required under the Reinsurance to Assist Policyholders Program (RAP Program). The FHCF and RAP Program covers Florida risks only and we participate at 90 . Under our core catastrophe excess of loss treaty, retention on a first and second event is 16,400,000. During the third quarter, one of our reinsurer's participating on the 25,000,000 excess of 20,000,000 layer of the core catastrophe program exercised a contractual right to terminate their participation due to Demotech's downgrade of UPC's Financial Stability Rating. We were unsuccessful in replacing this coverage in the open market so our captive reinsurer, UPC Re, stepped into the 25,000,000 excess of 20,000,000 layer which was subsequently impacted by Hurricane Ian resulting in an additional retained loss of 20,100,000 million. The exhaustion point of IIC's catastrophe reinsurance program is approximately 200,000,000 in the aggregate, with a retention of 3,000,000 per occurrence, covering all perils. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company's core catastrophe reinsurance program was impacted by Hurricane Ian. As a result, the Company has approximately 508 million of occurrence limit remaining for Ian, all of which is attributable to ACIC only. After reinstatement premiums of approximately 15.4 million, the Company has approximately 993 million of aggregate limit remaining after Ian, based on our estimated ultimate net loss subject to the core catastrophe reinsurance program. 
 
 Effective December 13, 2021, we renewed our all other perils (AOP) catastrophe excess of loss agreement. The agreement provides protection from catastrophe loss events other than named windstorms and earthquakes up to 110,000,000. 
 47 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

During the third quarter of 2022, one of our private reinsurers who held a 100 share of the 15,000,000 in excess of 15,000,000 layer on our all other perils catastrophe excess of loss agreement notified us of their intent to terminate the agreement due to the contractual provision regarding the change in UPC's statutory surplus being greater than 25 . We agreed to a termination and commutation date of September 30, 2022 for this contract. This change resulted in approximately 1,300,000 of ceded premium savings that would have otherwise been due in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the Company retaining all the risk for any non-hurricane catastrophe losses up to 30,000,000, excluding any quota share recoveries. 
 
 The table below outlines our quota share agreements in effect for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Reinsurer Companies in Scope (1) 
 Effective Dates Cession Rate States in Scope External third-party UPC, FSIC ACIC 06/01/2022 - 06/01/2023 10 (2) 
 Florida, Louisiana, Texas TypTap UPC 06/01/2022 - 06/01/2023 100 (3) 
 Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina External third-party UPC, FSIC ACIC 12/31/2021 - 12/31/2022 8 (2) 
 Florida, Louisiana, Texas HCPCI UPC 12/31/2021 - 06/01/2022 85 Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina External third-party UPC FSIC 12/31/2021 - 12/31/2022 25 (4) 
 Florida, Louisiana, Texas HCPCI / TypTap (5) 
 UPC 06/01/2021 - 06/01/2022 100 (3) 
 Connecticut, New Jersey, Massachusetts, Rhode Island External third-party UPC, FSIC ACIC (6) 
 06/01/2021 - 06/01/2022 15 (2) 
 Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas IIC UPC 12/31/2020 - 12/31/2022 100 New York HCPCI UPC 12/31/2020 - 06/01/2021 69.5 Connecticut, New Jersey, Massachusetts, Rhode Island External third-party UPC, FSIC ACIC 12/30/2020 - 12/31/2021 8 (2) 
 Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Texas External third-party UPC, FSIC ACIC (6) 
 06/01/2020 - 06/01/2021 15 (2) 
 Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Texas External third-party UPC FSIC 06/01/2020 - 06/01/2021 7.5 (2) 
 Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Texas 
 (1) Effective May 31, 2022, FSIC was merged into UPC, with UPC being the surviving entity. 
 (2) This treaty provides coverage for all catastrophe perils and attritional losses incurred. For all catastrophe perils, the quota share agreement provides ground-up protection effectively reducing our retention for catastrophe losses. 
 (3) This treaty provides coverage on our in-force, new and renewal policies until these states are transitioned to HCPCI or TypTap upon renewal. 
 (4) This treaty provides coverage on non-catastrophe losses on policies in-force on the effective date of the agreement. 
 (5) Cessions are split 50 to HCPCI and 50 to TypTap. 
 (6) This treaty was amended effective December 31, 2020 to include ACIC. 
 
 Reinsurance costs as a percent of gross earned premium during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 
 2022 2021 Non-at-Risk (2.2) (2.1) Quota Share (23.8) (24.8) All Other (36.1) (31.3) Total Ceding Ratio (62.1) (58.2) 
 
 48 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Reinsurance costs as a percent of gross earned premium for our commercial lines and personal lines operating segments during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 
 Personal Commercial 2022 2021 2022 2021 Non-at-Risk (3.3) (2.9) (0.5) (0.2) Quota Share (29.1) (28.7) (15.3) (15.1) All Other (35.5) (26.7) (37.2) (42.5) Total Ceding Ratio (67.9) (58.3) (53.0) (57.8) 
 
 Please note that the sum of the percentages above will not reconcile to the consolidated percentages as they are calculated using each operating segments gross earned premium rather than our consolidated gross earned premium. 
 
 We amortize our ceded unearned premiums over the annual agreement period, and we record that amortization in ceded premiums earned on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. The table below summarizes the amounts of our ceded premiums written under the various types of agreements, as well as the amortization of ceded unearned premiums: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Quota Share (1) 
 (115,290) (294,570) (306,331) Excess-of-loss (404,196) (545,128) (412,220) Equipment, identity theft, and cyber security (4,023) (1,562) (13,801) Flood and inland flood (19,445) (23,465) (23,517) Ceded premiums written (542,954) (864,725) (755,869) Change in ceded unearned premiums (217,603) 46,043 114,552 Ceded premiums earned (760,557) (818,682) (641,317) 
 (1) 2022 and 2021 quota share ceded written premium includes our quota share agreements with HCPCI and Typtap. 
 
 The breakdown of our ceded premiums written under the various types of agreements, as well as the amortization of ceded unearned premiums for our commercial lines and personal lines operating segments can be seen in the tables below. These values can be reconciled to the table above. 
 
 Personal Lines Operating Segment 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Quota Share (1) 
 (62,280) (219,293) (284,886) Excess-of-loss (236,089) (373,419) (222,107) Equipment, identity theft, and cyber security (1,754) (811) (11,724) Flood and inland flood (19,445) (23,465) (23,517) Ceded premiums written (319,568) (616,988) (542,234) Change in ceded unearned premiums (195,696) 35,362 95,394 Ceded premiums earned (515,264) (581,626) (446,840) 
 (1) 2022 and 2021 quota share ceded written premium includes our quota share agreements with HCPCI and Typtap. 

49 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Commercial Lines Operating Segment Impact 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Quota Share (53,010) (75,277) (21,445) Excess-of-loss (168,107) (171,709) (190,113) Equipment, identity theft, and cyber security (2,269) (751) (2,077) Ceded premiums written (223,386) (247,737) (213,635) Change in ceded unearned premiums (21,907) 10,681 19,158 Ceded premiums earned (245,293) (237,056) (194,477) 

Current year catastrophe losses disaggregated between named and numbered storms and all other catastrophe loss events are shown in the following table. 
 Number of Events Incurred Loss and Loss adjustment expense (LAE) (1) 
 Combined Ratio Impact December 31, 2022 Current period catastrophe losses incurred Named and numbered storms 2 203,896 44.1 All other catastrophe loss events 38 79,294 17.1 Total 40 283,190 61.2 December 31, 2021 Current period catastrophe losses incurred Named and numbered storms 7 35,872 6.1 All other catastrophe loss events 40 77,868 13.2 Total 47 113,740 19.3 December 31, 2020 Current period catastrophe losses incurred Named and numbered storms 13 208,157 27.2 All other catastrophe loss events 35 86,380 11.3 Total 48 294,537 38.5 
 (1) Incurred loss and LAE is equal to losses and LAE paid plus the change in case and incurred but not reported reserves. Shown net of losses ceded to reinsurers. Incurred loss and LAE and number of events includes the development on storms during the year in which it occurred. 
 
 The impact of the current year catastrophes to our commercial lines and personal lines operating segments can be seen in the table below. Please note that the catastrophe events may have impacted both operating segments. As a result, the sum of the number of events in the tables below will not reconcile to the consolidated number of events above. In addition, the combined ratio impact is calculated and sum of the ratios in the tables below will not reconcile to the ratios above. 

50 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Personal Lines Operating Segment Impact 
 Number of Events Incurred Loss and Loss adjustment expense (LAE) (1) 
 Combined Ratio Impact December 31, 2022 Current period catastrophe losses incurred Named and numbered storms 2 160,723 66.0 All other catastrophe loss events 38 79,082 32.4 Total 40 239,805 98.4 December 31, 2021 Current period catastrophe losses incurred Named and numbered storms 7 35,715 8.6 All other catastrophe loss events 40 68,495 16.4 Total 47 104,210 25.0 December 31, 2020 Current period catastrophe losses incurred Named and numbered storms 13 191,473 33.6 All other catastrophe loss events 33 78,402 13.7 Total 46 269,875 47.3 
 (1) Incurred loss and LAE is equal to losses and LAE paid plus the change in case and incurred but not reported reserves. Shown net of losses ceded to reinsurers. Incurred loss and LAE and number of events includes the development on storms during the year in which it occurred. 
 
 Commercial Lines Operating Segment Impact 
 Number of Events Incurred Loss and Loss adjustment expense (LAE) (1) 
 Combined Ratio Impact December 31, 2022 Current period catastrophe losses incurred Named and numbered storms 2 43,173 19.7 All other catastrophe loss events 7 212 0.1 Total 9 43,385 19.8 December 31, 2021 Current period catastrophe losses incurred Named and numbered storms 4 158 0.1 All other catastrophe loss events 4 9,372 5.4 Total 8 9,530 5.5 December 31, 2020 Current period catastrophe losses incurred Named and numbered storms 8 16,684 8.5 All other catastrophe loss events 9 7,978 4.1 Total 17 24,662 12.6 
 (1) Incurred loss and LAE is equal to losses and LAE paid plus the change in case and incurred but not reported reserves. Shown net of losses ceded to reinsurers. Incurred loss and LAE and number of events includes the development on storms during the year in which it occurred. 
 
 See Note 9 in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our reinsurance program. 
 51 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustments 
 
 We generally use the term loss(es) to collectively refer to both loss and LAE. We establish reserves for both reported and unreported unpaid losses that have occurred at or before the balance sheet date for amounts we estimate we will be required to pay in the future, including provisions for claims that have been reported but are unpaid at the balance sheet date and for obligations on claims that have been incurred but not reported at the balance sheet date. Our policy is to establish these loss reserves after considering all information known to us at each reporting period. At any given point in time, our loss reserve represents our best estimate of the ultimate settlement and administration costs of our insured claims incurred and unpaid. 
 
 Unpaid losses and LAE totaled 1,946,938,000 and 1,084,450,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of this total, 816,489,000 and 230,377,000 is related to our commercial lines operating segment, respectively. The remaining 1,130,449,000 and 854,073,000 is related to our personal lines operating segment, respectively. On a consolidated basis, this balance has increased year over year, driven by Hurricane Ian which made landfall in Florida as a category four hurricane during the third quarter of 2022. While we did have a higher frequency of storms in 2021, the severity of Hurricane Ian resulted in a year over year increase. Reinsurance recoverables also increased year over year due to the cession of these Hurricane Ian losses to our core catastrophe reinsurance program. 
 
 Since the process of estimating loss reserves requires significant judgment due to a number of variables, such as fluctuations in inflation, judicial decisions, legislative changes and changes in claims handling procedures, our ultimate liability will likely differ from these estimates. We revise our reserve for unpaid losses as additional information becomes available, and reflect adjustments, if any, in our earnings in the periods in which we determine the adjustments as necessary. 
 
 See Note 10 in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our losses and LAE. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 We generate cash through premium collections, reinsurance recoveries, investment income, the sale or maturity of invested assets, the issuance of debt and the issuance of additional shares of our stock. We use our cash to pay reinsurance premiums, claims and related costs, policy acquisition costs, salaries and employee benefits, other expenses and stockholder dividends, acquire subsidiaries and pay associated costs, as well as to repay debts and purchase investments. 
 
 As a holding company, we do not conduct any business operations of our own and, as a result, we rely on cash dividends or intercompany loans from our management subsidiaries to pay our general and administrative expenses. Insurance regulatory authorities heavily regulate our insurance subsidiaries, including restricting any dividends paid by our insurance subsidiaries and requiring approval of any management fees our insurance subsidiaries pay to our management subsidiaries for services rendered; however, nothing restricts our non-insurance company subsidiaries from paying us dividends other than state corporate laws regarding solvency. Our management subsidiaries pay us dividends primarily using cash from the collection of management fees from our insurance subsidiaries, pursuant to the management agreements in effect between those entities. In accordance with state laws, our insurance subsidiaries may pay dividends or make distributions out of that part of their statutory surplus derived from their net operating profit and their net realized capital gains. The RBC guidelines published by the NAIC may further restrict our insurance subsidiaries ability to pay dividends or make distributions if the amount of the intended dividend or distribution would cause their respective surplus as it regards policyholders to fall below minimum RBC guidelines. See Note 15 in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Part II, Item 5 for additional information. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we contributed 81,000,000 and 11,200,000 to our insurance subsidiaries, UPC and FSIC, respectively. The contribution made to FSIC was made prior to the merging of FSIC into UPC. In addition, we contributed 9,574,000 to our reinsurance subsidiary, UPC Re. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we contributed 17,000,000, 8,000,000 and 17,500,000 to our insurance subsidiaries, UPC, FSIC, and ACIC, respectively. We may make future contributions of capital to our insurance subsidiaries as circumstances require. 
 
 During 2022, we received a dividend of 26,000,000 from ACIC. During February 2021, we received a dividend of 3,500,000 from IIC. During February 2020, we received a dividend of 12,000,000 from IIC. 
 
 52 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

On December 13, 2017, we issued 150,000,000 of senior notes (Senior Notes) that will mature on December 15, 2027 and bear interest at a rate equal to 6.25 per annum payable semi-annually on each June 15 and December 15, commencing June 15, 2018. The Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. We may redeem the Senior Notes at our option, at any time and from time to time in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100 of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon from the date of redemption to the date that is three months prior to maturity. On and after that date, we may redeem the Senior Notes at par. On December 8, 2022, the Kroll Bond Rating Agency, LLC announced a downgrade of our issuer and debt ratings BBB- to BB+. As a result, pursuant to our agreement, the interest rate of our Senior notes increased from 6.25 to 7.25 effective on the next Interest Payment date of June 15, 2023. 
 
 As a result of claim activity from the current and prior years, we have an obligation related to the unpaid policyholder losses and unpaid loss adjustment expenses associated with the settling of these claims. As of December 31, 2022, our total obligation related to these claim payments was 1,946,938,000, of which we estimate 874,255,000 to be short-term in nature (due in less than twelve months), based upon our cumulative claims paid over the last 22 years. While we believe that historical performance of loss payment patterns is a reasonable source for projecting future claim payments, there is inherent uncertainty in this estimated projected settlement, and as a result these estimates will differ, perhaps significantly, from actual future payments. 
 
 In addition to our unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses, as of December 31, 2022 we have outstanding debt obligations related to our notes payable totaling 154,118,000. This is exclusive of interest costs, which we estimate will total 54,669,000 over the life of the debt, based on the current fixed and variable interest rates of these notes. Our short-term obligation related to these notes payable total 1,176,000 in principal payments and 11,015,000 in estimated interest payments. For more information regarding these outstanding notes, please see Note 11 . 
 
 In connection with entering into contracts with our outside vendors, we have minimum obligations due to our vendors over the life of the contracts. Our main vendor obligations are related to underwriting tools, claims and policy administration systems, and software used by our information technology department in their daily operations. Our total obligation related to these three categories of obligations are 1,285,000, 2,200,000, and 6,250,000, respectively. Of these obligations, 597,000, 1,763,000, and 1,250,000, respectively are short-term in nature. 
 
 As described in N ote 1 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements below, substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within the twelve-month period subsequent to the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes the Company will continue as a going concern and which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liability and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Management s strategic plans include the following: 
 
 Working with the DFS to finalize a memorandum of understanding on how to allocate all shared reinsurance recoveries between UPCIC and ACIC; 
 Providing additional information to our rating agencies for the affirmation of the Company s current financial ratings; 
 Successfully renewing our catastrophe reinsurance programs for ACIC and IIC effective June 1, 2023; and 
 Exploring raising additional capital for ACIC, including in the form of surplus note contributions, to strengthen its statutory risk-based capital if necessary. 
 
 If the Company is unable to implement these actions, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain the necessary amounts of additional capital to continue as a going concern. As of the date of this report we do not have any commitments from any source to provide such additional capital. Even if we are able to secure debt or equity financing, it may be unavailable in the amounts or time when we require. Furthermore, such financing would likely take the form of bank loans, surplus notes, private placement of debt or equity securities or some combination of these. The issuance of additional equity securities would dilute the stock ownership of current investors while incurring loans, surplus notes or other debt would increase our capital requirements and a possible loss of valuable assets if such obligations were not repaid in accordance with their terms. 

53 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 

Operating Activities 
 
 The principal cash inflows from our operating activities come from premium collections, reinsurance recoveries and investment income. The principal cash outflows from our operating activities are the result of claims and related costs, reinsurance premiums, policy acquisition costs and salaries and employee benefits. A primary liquidity concern with respect to these cash flows is the risk of large magnitude catastrophe events. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, several balance sheet items were impacted by Hurricane Ian, which made landfall in the state of Florida as a category four hurricane. Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expense increased during the period, driven by the severity of Hurricane Ian. This was partially offset by increased reinsurance recoverable on paid and unpaid losses during the period, as these losses were ceded to our core catastrophe reinsurance contracts. However, the severity of Hurricane Ian resulted in the exhausting of our personal lines operating segment reinsurance coverage for the event, resulting in a net increase of 228,240,000 year-over-year. In addition to this event, unearned premiums, ceded unearned premiums, and reinsurance payable on premiums all decreased year over year, driven by the transition of our northeast and southeast business in 2022, and continued underwriting actions taken in 2022. These actions resulted in lower gross written premiums and premiums ceded to our quota share contracts. 

Investing Activities 
 
 The principal cash inflows from our investing activities come from repayments of principal, proceeds from maturities and sales of investments. We closely monitor and manage these risks through our comprehensive investment risk management process. The principal cash outflows relate to purchases of investments and cost of property, equipment and capitalized software acquired. Additional cash outflows relate to the purchase of fixed assets. The primary liquidity concerns with respect to these cash flows are the risk of default by debtors and market disruption. During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by investing activities decreased 14,562,000 as the result of net sales of investments totaling 218,646,000 in 2022, compared to 256,648,000 in 2021. This was partially offset by 21,236,000 in proceeds from the sale of assets in 2022. 

Financing Activities 
 
 The principal cash inflows from our financing activities come from issuances of debt and other securities. The principal cash outflows come from repayments of debt and payments of dividends. The primary liquidity concern with respect to these cash flows is market disruption in the cost and availability of credit. We believe our current capital resources, together with cash provided from our operations, are sufficient to meet currently anticipated working capital requirements. During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in financing activities increased by 13,184,000 due to a return of capital to Kiln of 18,335,000 as a result of the stock re-purchase agreement and termination agreements effective June 30, 2022. Additionally, during the third quarter of 2022 we repaid our Truist note in full, resulting in a 3,004,000 increase in repayments for the year. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in dividend payments of 7,761,000 since no dividends were declared in the second, third or fourth quarter of 2022. 
 54 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 
 Please refer to Note 2(u) in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting standards that may affect us. 

APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to adopt accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. The most critical estimates include those used in determining: 
 
 reserves for unpaid losses, 
 
 fair value of investments, 
 
 investment portfolio credit allowances, and 
 
 goodwill. 
 
 In making these determinations, management makes subjective and complex judgments that frequently require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. Many of these policies, estimates and related judgments are common in the insurance industry. It is reasonably likely that changes in these estimates could occur from time to time and result in a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 In addition, the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP prescribes when we may reserve for particular risks, including litigation exposures. Accordingly, our results for a given reporting period could be significantly affected if and when we establish a reserve for a major contingency. Therefore, the results we report in certain accounting periods may appear to be volatile and past results may not be indicative of results in future periods. 

Reserves for Unpaid Losses and LAE 
 
 Reserves for unpaid losses and LAE represent the most significant accounting estimate inherent in the preparation of our financial statements. These reserves represent management s best estimate of the amount we will ultimately pay for losses and we base the amount upon the application of various actuarial reserve estimation techniques as well as considering other material facts and circumstances known at the balance sheet date. 
 
 As discussed in Note 10 in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, we determine our ultimate losses by using multiple actuarial methods to determine an actuarial estimate within a relevant range of indications that we calculate using generally accepted actuarial techniques. Our selection of the actuarial estimate is influenced by the analysis of our historical loss and claims experience since inception. For each accident year, we estimate the ultimate incurred losses for both reported and unreported claims. In establishing this estimate, we reviewed the results of various actuarial methods discussed in Note 10 in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 As of September 30, 2022, very little paid loss or case loss information was available related to Hurricane Ian. As a result, actuarial methodologies relied upon catastrophe model estimates as provided by catastrophe model vendors. The Company selected within the reasonable range of catastrophe model estimates at September 30, 2022. However, as of December 31, 2022, paid loss and case loss information was sufficient to establish additional methodologies, including paid loss loss adjustment expense development, reported loss loss adjustment expense development, case reserve development, claims decay analysis, paid loss and allocated loss adjustment expense B-F method, and reported loss loss adjustment expense B-F method. These additional methodologies at December 31, 2022 supplemented the original catastrophe model estimates and pointed to a larger range of outcomes than considered at September 30, 2022. The Company adjusted the selection at December 31, 2022 in consideration of the larger range considering all available methodologies. 

Fair Value of Investments 
 
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We are responsible for the determination of fair value of 
 55 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

financial assets and the supporting assumptions and methodologies. We use quoted prices from active markets and we use an independent third-party valuation service to assist us in determining fair value. We obtain only one single quote or price for each financial instrument. 
 
 As discussed in Note 4 in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, we value our investments at fair value using quoted prices from active markets, to the extent available. For securities for which quoted prices in active markets are unavailable, we use observable inputs such as quoted prices in inactive markets, quoted prices in active markets for similar instruments, benchmark interest rates, broker quotes and other relevant inputs. We also have investments in limited partnerships that require us to use the net asset value per share method of valuation to determine fair value. 
 
 See Item 7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk for more information regarding the sensitivity of our fixed maturity portfolio to changes in interest rates. 

Investment Portfolio Credit Allowances 
 
 For investments classified as available for sale, the difference between fair value and cost or amortized cost for fixed income securities is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss on our Consolidated Balance Sheet and is not reflected in our net loss of any period until reclassified to net loss upon the consummation of a transaction with an unrelated third party. We have a portfolio monitoring process to identify and evaluate each fixed income security whose carrying value may be impaired as the result of a credit loss. 
 
 For each fixed-income security in an unrealized loss position, if we determine that we intend to sell the security or that it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of the cost or amortized cost basis for reasons such as liquidity needs, contractual or regulatory requirements, the security's entire decline in fair value is recorded in earnings. 
 
 If our management decides not to sell the fixed-income security and it is more likely than not that we will not be required 
 to sell the fixed-income security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, we evaluate whether the decline in fair value has 
 resulted from credit losses or other factors. This is typically indicated by a change in the rating of the security assigned by a 
 rating agency, and any adverse conditions specifically related to the security or industry, among other factors. If the assessment 
 indicates that a credit loss may exist, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security are compared to 
 the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized 
 cost basis, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses will be recorded in earnings. Credit loss is limited to the 
 difference between a security's amortized cost basis and its fair value. Any additional impairment not recorded through an 
 allowance for credit losses is recognized in other comprehensive loss. 
 
 If the estimated recovery value is less than the amortized cost of the security, a credit loss exists and an allowance for the difference between the estimated recovery value and amortized cost is recorded in earnings. The portion of the unrealized loss related to factors other than credit remains classified in accumulated other comprehensive loss. If we determine that the fixed income security does not have sufficient cash flow or other information to estimate a recovery value for the security, we may conclude that the entire decline in fair value is deemed to be credit related and the loss is recorded in earnings. 
 
 Due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-01 (ASU 2016-01) as of January 1, 2018, equity securities are reported at fair value with changes in fair value, including impairment write-downs, being recognized in the revenue section of our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. 
 
 See Note 2(b) in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding our credit loss testing. 

Measurement of Goodwill and Related Impairment 
 
 Goodwill is the excess of cost over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested 
 for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances, such as adverse changes in the business climate, 
 indicate that there may be justification for conducting an interim test. We test goodwill for impairment by performing a 
 quantitative assessment. Goodwill is impaired when it is determined that the carrying value of a reporting segment is in excess of the fair value of that reporting segment. The valuation methodologies utilized are subject to key judgments and assumptions that are sensitive to change. Estimates of fair value are inherently uncertain and represent only management s reasonable expectation regarding future developments. 
 
 56 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Please refer to Note 2(k) and Note 8 in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding our measurement of Goodwill and Related Impairment. 

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
 There were no related party transactions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Our investment objective is to preserve capital, maximize after-tax investment income, maintain liquidity and minimize risk. Our current investment policy limits investment in non-investment grade debt securities, and limits total investments in preferred stock, common stock and mortgage notes receivables. We also comply with applicable laws and regulations that further restrict the type, quality and concentration of our investments. In general, these laws and regulations permit investments, within specified limits and subject to certain qualifications, in federal, state and municipal obligations, corporate bonds, and preferred and common equity securities. 
 
 Our investment policy was established by the Investment Committee of our Board of Directors and is reviewed regularly. Pursuant to this investment policy, our fixed-maturity portfolio is classified as available for sale and we report any unrealized gains or losses, net of deferred income taxes, as a component of other comprehensive loss within our stockholders equity (deficit). We do not hold any securities that are classified as held to maturity and we do not hold any securities for trading or speculation. We do not utilize any swaps, options, futures or forward contracts to hedge or enhance our investment portfolio. The unrealized gains or losses related to our equity securities are recorded on the income statement per the guidance in ASU 2016-01. 
 
 INTEREST RATE RISK 
 
 Fixed-income securities are sensitive to potential losses resulting from unfavorable changes in interest rates. We manage the risk by analyzing anticipated movements in interest rates and considering our future capital and liquidity requirements. 
 
 The following table illustrates the impact of hypothetical changes in interest rates on the fair value of our fixed-income securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 57 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Percentage Increase Change in (Decrease) in Estimated Estimated Estimated Hypothetical Change in Interest Rates Fair Value Fair Value Fair Value 2022 300 basis point increase 332,474 (43,989) (11.7) 200 basis point increase 347,123 (29,340) (7.8) 100 basis point increase 361,783 (14,680) (3.9) Fair value 376,463 100 basis point decrease 391,134 14,671 3.9 200 basis point decrease 405,825 29,362 7.8 300 basis point decrease 420,443 43,980 11.7 2021 300 basis point increase 585,416 (78,186) (11.8) 200 basis point increase 611,472 (52,130) (7.9) 100 basis point increase 637,534 (26,068) (3.9) Fair value 663,602 100 basis point decrease 689,131 25,529 3.8 200 basis point decrease 707,396 43,794 6.6 300 basis point decrease 711,488 47,886 7.2 
 
 Our calculations of the potential effects of hypothetical interest rate changes are based on several assumptions, including maintenance of the existing composition of fixed-income investments, and should not be considered indicative of future results. Based on our analysis, a 300-basis point decrease or increase in interest rates from the December 31, 2022 rates would have a material impact on our results of operations and cash flows in the event divesting of these holdings was necessary. However, we do not anticipate the need to sell securities in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022. In line with the anticipated LIBOR phase out, the last one-week and two-month LIBOR settings were published on December 31, 2021. However, the Intercontinental Exchange will continue to publish one-month, three-month, six-month and twelve-month LIBOR settings through 2023. We are unable to predict the use of alternate reference rates and corresponding interest rate risk at this time. 
 
 CREDIT RISK 
 
 Credit risk can expose us to potential losses arising principally from adverse changes in the financial condition of the issuer of our fixed-maturity securities. We mitigate this risk by generally investing in investment grade securities and by diversifying our investment portfolio to avoid concentrations in any single issuer or market sector. 
 
 The following table presents the composition of our fixed-income security portfolio by rating at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 58 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

of Total Amortized Amortized of Total Comparable Rating Cost Cost Fair Value Fair Value 2022 AAA 78,033 19.1 70,735 18.8 AA+, AA, AA- 124,602 30.3 119,686 31.8 A+, A, A- 139,631 34.1 127,176 33.8 BBB+, BBB, BBB- 66,211 16.2 57,967 15.4 BB+, BB, BB- 1,040 0.3 899 0.2 Total 409,517 100.0 376,463 100.0 2021 AAA 125,869 18.7 124,370 18.7 AA+, AA, AA- 214,542 31.9 210,900 31.8 A+, A, A- 218,407 32.5 216,778 32.7 BBB+, BBB, BBB- 112,244 16.7 110,469 16.6 BB+, BB, BB- 1,077 0.2 1,085 0.2 Total 672,139 100.0 663,602 100.0 
 
 In addition, we are exposed to credit risk through our reinsurance program. Reinsurance contracts do not relieve us from our obligations to policyholders. Failure of reinsurers to honor their obligations could result in losses to us. We evaluate the financial condition of our reinsurers and monitor concentrations of credit risk to minimize our exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies. 
 
 We also are exposed to credit risk through our outstanding premiums receivable balances. We evaluate the age of our premium receivables to minimize our exposure to significant losses due to nonpayment. 
 
 After our evaluation of all credit risks described above, if we feel it is necessary, we record a credit loss allowance to address these credit risks. For more information regarding our credit loss allowance, please refer to Note 13 . 
 
 EQUITY PRICE RISK 
 
 Our equity investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 consisted of common stocks and non-redeemable preferred stocks. We may incur potential losses due to adverse changes in equity security prices. We manage this risk primarily through industry and issuer diversification and asset allocation techniques. 
 
 During 2022, we increased our equity portfolio from 5.4 of our total investments (excluding cash, restricted cash and cash equivalents) at December 31, 2021 to 9.0 of our total investments (excluding cash, restricted cash and cash equivalents) at December 31, 2022. 

59 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

The following table illustrates the composition of our equity portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 of Total Stocks by Sector Fair Value Fair Value 2022 Funds 35,485 90.9 Financial 2,867 7.4 Utilities 551 1.4 Industrial 117 0.3 Total 39,020 100.0 2021 Funds 33,064 87.1 Financial 3,723 9.8 Utilities 1,008 2.7 Industrial 163 0.4 Total 37,958 100.0 

60 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of United Insurance Holdings Corp. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of United Insurance Holdings Corp. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered significant underwriting losses and no longer controls or consolidates United Property Casualty Insurance Company UPC subsequent to February 27, 2023. There is uncertainty regarding the Company s ability to obtain existing reinsurance recoveries and the subsequent placement of reinsurance contracts. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Management's evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Emphasis of Matter 
 
 As discussed in Note 20 to the financial statements, on February 27, 2023, UPC was ordered into receivership for purposes of liquidation, with the Florida Department of Financial Services appointed as the receiver, which deconsolidated UPC from the group. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 61 

LIABILITY FOR UNPAID LOSSES AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT EXPENSE (LAE)- Refer to Notes 2 and 10 to the Financial Statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 As a provider of both residential and commercial property and casualty insurance, the Company establishes reserves for both reported and unreported unpaid losses that have occurred at or before the balance sheet date for amounts estimated which they will be required to pay in the future, including provisions for claims that have been reported but are unpaid at the balance sheet date and for obligations on claims that have been incurred but not reported at the balance sheet date (herein loss reserves ). Due to the nature and unpredictability in both the severity and frequency of these events and their related claims, the Company uses a significant amount of judgment in estimating the loss reserves, including analyzing historical and industry loss data, claims frequency and severity, claims processing procedures, legislative enactments, judicial decisions and legal developments in imposition of damages, and general economic conditions, including inflation. Additionally, the Company engages independent actuarial specialists in order to assist management in establishing appropriate loss reserves. 
 
 Given the subjectivity of estimating the projected losses to be incurred by the Company as it relates to both reported and unreported claims, performing audit procedures to evaluate whether the Company s loss reserves were appropriately recorded as of December 31, 2022, required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our actuarial specialists. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the loss reserves included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls related to loss reserves, including management s controls over the projection of settlement value of reported and unreported claims. 
 We evaluated the methods and assumptions used by management to estimate the loss reserves by: 
 
 Testing the underlying data that served as the basis for the actuarial analysis, including historical claims, to test that the inputs to the actuarial estimate were reasonable. 
 Holding discussions with management to discuss the Company s ultimate recorded reserve actions and understand any trends that have been observed in the Company s claims data. 
 Comparing management s prior-year assumptions of expected development and ultimate loss to actuals incurred during the current year to identify potential bias in the determination of the loss reserves. 
 
 With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we developed independent estimates of the loss reserves, including loss data, significant drivers, and claim development factors, and compared our estimates to management s estimates. 
 
 /s/ 

April 17, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

62 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Investments, at fair value: Fixed maturities, available-for-sale (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Equity securities Other investments (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Total investments Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Accrued investment income Property and equipment, net Premiums receivable, net (credit allowance of and , respectively) 
 Reinsurance recoverable on paid and unpaid losses, net (credit allowance of and , respectively) 
 Ceded unearned premiums Goodwill Deferred policy acquisition costs, net 58,933 Intangible assets, net Other assets, net Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) Liabilities: Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 1,946,938 Unearned premiums 545,820 Reinsurance payable on premiums Payments outstanding Accounts payable and accrued expenses Operating lease liability Other liabilities Notes payable, net Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 12 
 Stockholders Equity (Deficit): Preferred stock, 0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding Common stock, 0.0001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; and issued, respectively; and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury shares, at cost; 212,083 shares ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings (deficit) ) ) Total stockholders' equity (deficit) attributable to United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) stockholders ) Noncontrolling interests (NCI) Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) ) Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 REVENUE: Gross premiums written Change in gross unearned premiums ) Gross premiums earned Ceded premiums earned ) ) ) Net premiums earned 462,626 Net investment income 14,011 Net realized investment gains (losses) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities ) ) Other revenue Total revenues EXPENSES: Losses and loss adjustment expenses Policy acquisition costs Operating expenses General and administrative expenses Interest expense Total expenses Loss before other income ) ) ) Other income Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to NCI ) ) Net loss attributable to UIHC ) ) ) OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS: Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized investment losses (gains) ) ) Income tax benefit related to items of other comprehensive loss Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to NCI ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to UIHC ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Diluted Earnings available to UIHC common stockholders per share Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (loss) Retained Earnings (Deficit) Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Attributable to UIHC NCI Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Common Stock Shares Amount December 31, 2019 ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Reclassification due to adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) ) ) Stock compensation Cash dividends on common stock 0.24 per common share) ) ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Stock compensation Cash dividends on common stock 0.24 per common share) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Return of Capital to NCI ) ) Stock compensation ) Cash dividends on common stock 0.06 per common share) ) ) ) December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization, including goodwill impairment Bond amortization and accretion Net realized losses (gains) on investments ) ) Net unrealized losses (gains) on equity securities ) Provision for uncollectible premiums ) ) Provision for uncollectible reinsurance recoverables ) ) ) Provision for uncollectible notes receivable ) Deferred income taxes, net ) ) Stock based compensation Payment receivable in connection with HCI renewal rights agreement ) Stock issued in connection with HCI renewal rights agreement ) Gain on sale of property and equipment ) Fixed asset and intangible asset disposals Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accrued investment income Premiums receivable ) ) Reinsurance recoverable on paid and unpaid losses ) ) ) Ceded unearned premiums ) ) Deferred policy acquisition costs, net ) Other assets ) ) Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses ) Unearned premiums ) ) Reinsurance payable on premiums ) Payments outstanding Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Lease liabilities ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from sales, maturities and repayments of: Fixed Maturities 
 Equity Securities 
 Other Investments 
 Purchases of: Fixed Maturities 
 ) ) ) Equity Securities 
 ) ) ) Other Investments 
 ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Cost of property, equipment and capitalized software acquired ) ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities FINANCING ACTIVITIES Tax withholding payment related to net settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Return of capital in connection with termination of noncontrolling interest ) Repayments of borrowings ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental Cash Flows Information Interest paid Income taxes paid (refunded) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

1) 
 
 67 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

68 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

2) 

(b) 
 
 69 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 on these securities, before tax impacts. Total shareholders equity (deficit) was not impacted by such charge; however, our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 worsened and other comprehensive income improved by in offsetting amounts. 
 
 (c) 

(d) 

(e) 
 
 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 When we receive premium payments from policyholders prior to the effective date of the related policy, we record an advance premiums liability. On the policy effective date, we reduce the advance premiums liability and record the premiums as described above. 
 
 (f) 
 
 70 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 in deferred policy acquisition costs, which was the excess of what we expect to recover. We did not have a premium deficiency at December 31, 2021. 
 
 (g) 

(h) 

ii) 

iii) 

(i) 

71 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

(j) 

(k) 

. For the 2021 annual goodwill impairment tests, we utilized the qualitative assessment for our commercial lines reporting segment and both the qualitative and quantitative assessment for our personal lines reporting segment, determining that the goodwill was not impaired for either of our reporting segments. For the 2020 annual goodwill impairment tests, we utilized the quantitative assessment for both of our reporting segments and determined that goodwill was not impaired. 
 
 (l) 

72 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

(m) 

(n) 
 
 73 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 tax benefit for difference in tax rate. The Company s initial assessment at June 30, 2020 was a tax benefit of . The additional benefit stemmed from 2020 operations. 
 
 We did not incur any material tax penalties or income-tax-related interest during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 (o) 
 
 , , and , respectively. 
 
 (p) 

74 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

and in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) insurance limits at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 (r) 

(s) 
 
 , and , respectively. 
 75 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

(u) 

76 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

77 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 Change in gross unearned premiums ) Gross premiums earned Ceded premiums earned ) ) ) Net premiums earned Net investment income Net realized losses ) ) ) Net unrealized losses on equity securities ) ) ) ) Other revenue Total revenues EXPENSES: Losses and loss adjustment expenses Policy acquisition costs Operating expenses General and administrative expenses (2) 
 Interest expense Total expenses Income (loss) before other income ) ) ) Other income (loss) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Provision for income taxes Net loss ) ) Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net loss attributable to UIHC ) ) Loss ratio, net (3) (4) 
 Expense ratio (3) (5) 
 Combined ratio (3) (6) 
 Total segment assets ) 
 (1) Our personal lines income statement also includes amounts related to subsidiaries outside of our insurance companies. We have included these items as these subsidiaries directly support our personal lines operations. 
 (2) Included in our General and Administrative expenses is 19,299,000 and 3,246,000 of depreciation and amortization expense related to our personal and commercial lines assets, respectively. Personal lines depreciation and amortization expenses includes 13,569,000 related to the impairment of goodwill. 
 (3) As these are calculated ratios, the addition of the ratios will not result in the same value as the consolidated ratio. To calculate the consolidated ratio please see the corresponding footnote below. 
 (4) Loss ratio, net is calculated as losses and LAE net of losses ceded to reinsurers, relative to net premiums earned. Management uses this operating metric to analyze our loss trends and believes it is useful for investors to evaluate this component separately from our other operating expenses. 
 (5) Expense ratio is calculated as the sum of all operating expenses less interest expense relative to net premiums earned. Management uses this operating metric to analyze our expense trends and believes it is useful for investors to evaluate these components separately from our loss expenses. 
 (6) Combined ratio is the sum of the loss ratio, net and expense ratio. Management uses this operating metric to analyze our total expense trends and believes it is a key indicator for investors when evaluating the overall profitability of our business. 
 78 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 Expense ratio (3) (5) 
 Combined ratio (3) (6) 
 Total segment assets 
 (1) Our personal lines income statement also includes amounts related to subsidiaries outside of our insurance companies. We have included these items as these subsidiaries directly support our personal lines operations. 
 (2) Included in our General and Administrative expenses is 7,419,000 and 3,397,000 of depreciation and amortization expense related to our personal and commercial lines assets, respectively. 
 (3) As these are calculated ratios, the addition of the ratios will not result in the same value as the consolidated ratio. To calculate the consolidated ratio please see the corresponding footnote below. 
 (4) Loss ratio, net is calculated as losses and LAE net of losses ceded to reinsurers, relative to net premiums earned. Management uses this operating metric to analyze our loss trends and believes it is useful for investors to evaluate this component separately from our other operating expenses . 
 (5) Expense ratio is calculated as the sum of all operating expenses less interest expense relative to net premiums earned. Management uses this operating metric to analyze our expense trends and believes it is useful for investors to evaluate these components separately from our loss expenses. 
 (6) Combined ratio is the sum of the loss ratio, net and expense ratio. Management uses this operating metric to analyze our total expense trends and believes it is a key indicator for investors when evaluating the overall profitability of our business. 
 79 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 Change in gross unearned premiums ) ) ) Gross premiums earned Ceded premiums earned ) ) ) Net premiums earned Net investment income Net realized gains Net unrealized losses on equity securities ) ) ) ) Other revenue Total revenues EXPENSES: Losses and loss adjustment expenses Policy acquisition costs Operating expenses General and administrative expenses (2) 
 Interest expense Total expenses Income (loss) before other income ) ) ) Other income Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) ) Benefit for income taxes ) ) Net income (loss) ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) attributable to UIHC ) Loss ratio, net (3) (4) 
 Expense ratio (3) (5) 
 Combined ratio (3) (6) 
 Total segment assets 
 (1) Our personal lines income statement also includes amounts related to subsidiaries outside of our insurance companies. We have included these items, as these subsidiaries directly support our personal lines operations. 
 (2) Included in our General and Administrative expenses is 7,664,000 and 3,264,000 of depreciation and amortization expense related to our personal and commercial assets, respectively. 
 (3) As these are calculated ratios, the addition of the ratios will not result in the same value as the consolidated ratio. To calculate the consolidated ratio please see the corresponding footnote below. 
 (4) Loss ratio, net is calculated as losses and LAE net of losses ceded to reinsurers, relative to net premiums earned. Management uses this operating metric to analyze our loss trends and believes it is useful for investors to evaluate this component separately from our other operating expenses. 
 (5) Expense ratio is calculated as the sum of all operating expenses less interest expense relative to net premiums earned. Management uses this operating metric to analyze our expense trends and believes it is useful for investors to evaluate these components separately from our loss expenses. 
 (6) Combined ratio is the sum of the loss ratio, net and expense ratio. Management uses this operating metric to analyze our total expense trends and believes it is a key indicator for investors when evaluating the overall profitability of our business. 

80 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 4) 
 
 34,011 Foreign government 1,339 1,330 States, municipalities and political subdivisions 55,842 51,779 Public utilities 15,930 14,688 Corporate securities 157,354 141,634 Mortgage-backed securities 109,100 99,964 Asset-backed securities 34,905 32,126 Redeemable preferred stocks 931 931 Total fixed maturities December 31, 2021 U.S. government and agency securities Foreign government States, municipalities and political subdivisions Public utilities Corporate securities Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Redeemable preferred stocks Total fixed maturities 
 
 Equity securities are summarized as follows at: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Estimated Fair Value Percent of Total Estimated Fair Value Percent of Total Mutual funds 35,485 Public utilities 551 Non-redeemable preferred stocks 2,984 Total equity securities 

81 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

Equity securities Short-term investments 
 Total realized gains Fixed maturities (1) 
 ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) ) Short-term investments 
 ) ) Total realized losses ) ) ) Net realized investment gains (losses) ) 
 (1) Includes impairment losses realized of 22,718,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Asset and mortgage-backed securities Total 
 
 Equity securities Cash and cash equivalents Other investments 63 Other assets Investment income Investment expenses ) ) ) Net investment income 

82 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

83 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 Foreign governments States, municipalities and political subdivisions Public utilities Corporate securities Mortgage-backed securities Asset backed securities Total fixed maturities December 31, 2021 U.S. government and agency securities Foreign governments 1 8 2,010 States, municipalities and political subdivisions Public utilities Corporate securities Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Redeemable preferred stocks Total fixed maturities 
 (1) This amount represents the actual number of discrete securities, not the number of shares or units of those securities. The numbers are not presented in thousands. 
 
 Fair value measurement 
 
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The hierarchy for inputs used in determining fair value maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that observable inputs be used when available. Assets and liabilities recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value are categorized in the fair value hierarchy based on the observability of inputs to the valuation techniques as follows: 
 
 Level 1: Assets and liabilities whose values are based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in an active market that we can access. 
 
 Level 2: Assets and liabilities whose values are based on the following: 
 (a) Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; 
 (b) Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or 
 (c) Valuation models whose inputs are observable, directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 
 
 Level 3: Assets and liabilities whose values are based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. Unobservable inputs reflect our estimates of the assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the assets and liabilities. 
 
 84 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

85 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 Foreign government States, municipalities and political subdivisions Public utilities Corporate securities Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Redeemable preferred stocks Total fixed maturities Mutual funds Public utilities Non-redeemable preferred stocks Total equity securities Other investments (1) 
 Total investments December 31, 2021 U.S. government and agency securities Foreign government States, municipalities and political subdivisions Public utilities Corporate securities Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Redeemable preferred stocks Total fixed maturities Mutual Funds Non-redeemable preferred stocks Total equity securities Other investments (1) 
 Total investments 

Certain financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis; this is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). There were no financial instruments measured on a non-recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The carrying amounts for the following financial instrument categories approximate their fair values at December 31, 2022 and 2021, because of their short-term nature: cash and cash equivalents, accrued investment income, premiums receivable, reinsurance recoverable, reinsurance payable, other assets, and other liabilities. The carrying amount of the notes payable to the Florida State Board of Administration, Truist Financial Corporation (Truist), and our senior notes approximate fair value as the interest rates and terms are variable. 
 
 86 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 Certificates of deposit Short-term investments Total other investments 
 December 31, 2021 Limited partnership investments (1) 
 Certificates of deposit Short-term investments Total other investments 
 (1) Distributions will be generated from investment gains, from operating income, from underlying investments of the funds, and from liquidation of the underlying assets of the funds. We estimate that the underlying assets of the funds will be liquidated over the next few months to five years. 

87 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 Cash on deposit (regulatory deposits) Total restricted cash 
 
 In addition to the cash held on deposit described above, we also have securities on deposit with regulators, which are presented within our Fixed Maturities or Other Investments lines on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, dependent upon if they are short-term or long-term in nature. 

5) 
 ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities Weighted-average diluted shares Earnings available to UIHC common stockholders per share Basic 
 ) ) ) Diluted 
 ) ) ) 

88 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 6) 

Policy acquisition costs deferred Amortization ) ) Unearned ceding commission 
 ) Balance at December 31 

7) 
 
 Building and building improvements Computer hardware and software (software in progress of 82 and 990, respectively) Office furniture and equipment Leasehold improvements Leased vehicles (1) 
 Total, at cost Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 

, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we disposed of computer hardware and software totaling , primarily related to the retirement of one of our policy systems for states in which we no longer write policies. The depreciation on these systems totaled at the time of disposal. We also sold or disposed of leased vehicles totaling . The depreciation on these vehicles totaled prior to disposal. The net gain on sale of these vehicles totaled . Finally, we sold three buildings and their related assets totaling . The depreciation on these buildings and related assets totaled prior to disposal. The net realized gain on these sales totaled . During the year ended December 31, 2021, we disposed of computer hardware and software totaling 1,961,000, primarily related to the retirement of one of our claim systems. This system was fully depreciated prior to disposal. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we incurred non-cash construction in progress write-off charges of as a result of our decision to discontinue construction of a new 150,000 square-foot headquarters and associated permit application and architectural drawings. 

8) 
 
 . The carrying amount of goodwill at December 31, 2021 and 2020 was . 
 89 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

. We completed our most recent goodwill impairment testing during the fourth quarter and determined that there was no additional impairment in the value of the asset as of December 31, 2022 . 
 
 Goodwill allocated to our commercial lines reporting segment was at December 31, 2022 . There was no goodwill allocated to our personal lines reporting segment at December 31, 2022 . Goodwill allocated to our personal lines and commercial lines reporting segments was and , respectively, at both December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 There was no additional goodwill acquired or disposed of during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . Accumulated impairment related to goodwill was at December 31, 2022 . There was no accumulated impairment related to goodwill at December 31, 2021 and 2020 . 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets (1) 
 Total 12,769 
 (1) Indefinite-lived intangible assets are comprised of state insurance and agent licenses, as well as perpetual software licenses. 

) Agency agreements acquired 4.3 ) Trade names acquired 1.3 ) Total ) 2021 Value of Business Acquired ) Agency agreements acquired 5.3 ) Trade names acquired 2.3 ) Total ) 
 
 No impairment in the value of amortizing or non-amortizing intangible assets was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, however, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we disposed of intangible assets totaling . 
 Amortization expense of our intangible assets was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

90 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

2024 2025 2026 2027 

9) 
 
 in the aggregate. Under our core catastrophe excess of loss treaty, retention on a first and second event is each. During the third quarter, one of the our reinsurer's participating on the 25,000,000 excess of 20,000,000 layer of the core catastrophe program exercised a contractual right to terminate their participation due to Demotech's downgrade of UPC's Financial Stability Rating. We were unsuccessful in replacing this coverage in the open market so our captive reinsurer, UPC Re, stepped into the 25,000,000 excess of 20,000,000 layer which was subsequently impacted by Hurricane Ian resulting in an additional retained loss of 20,100,000. The exhaustion point of IIC's catastrophe reinsurance program is approximately in the aggregate, with a retention of per occurrence, covering all perils. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company's core catastrophe reinsurance program was impacted by Hurricane Ian. As a result, the Company has approximately 508 million of occurrence limit remaining for Ian, all of which is attributable to ACIC only. After reinstatement premiums of approximately 15.4 million, the Company has approximately 993 million of aggregate limit remaining after Ian, based on our estimated ultimate net loss subject to the core catastrophe reinsurance program. 
 
 Effective December 13, 2021, we renewed our all other perils catastrophe excess of loss agreement. The agreement provides protection from catastrophe loss events other than named windstorms and earthquakes up to 110,000,000. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022, one of our private reinsurers who held a 100 share of the 15,000,000 in excess of 15,000,000 layer on our all other perils catastrophe excess of loss agreement notified us of their intent to terminate the agreement due to the contractual provision regarding the change in UPC's statutory surplus being greater than 25 . We agreed to a termination and commutation date of August 22, 2022 for this contract. This change resulted in approximately 1,300,000 of ceded premium savings that would have otherwise been due in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the Company retaining all the risk for any non-hurricane catastrophe losses up to 30,000,000, excluding any quota share recoveries. 

91 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

Reinsurance recoverable on paid losses and LAE Reinsurance recoverable (1) 
 
 (1) Our reinsurance recoverable balance is net of our allowance for expected credit losses. More information related to this allowance can be found in Note 13 . 
 
 We write the majority of flood insurance under an agreement with the National Flood Insurance Program. We cede 100 of the premiums written and the related risk of loss to the federal government. We earn commissions for the issuance of flood policies based upon a fixed percentage of net written premiums and the processing of flood claims based upon a fixed percentage of incurred losses, and we can earn additional commissions by meeting certain growth targets for the number of in-force policies. We recognized commission revenue from our flood program of , , and for the 
 92 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net premium written 581,109 Change in unearned premiums: Direct ) Assumed Ceded ) Net decrease (increase) ) Premiums earned: Direct Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net premiums earned Losses and LAE incurred: Direct Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net losses and LAE incurred 
 
 Ceded losses incurred increased by 846,753,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of Hurricane Ian, which made landfall in Florida as a category four hurricane. We have billed and received reinsurance recoveries for losses that we incurred on this activity and expect to receive additional recoveries during 2023. 

93 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

Assumed Gross unpaid losses and LAE Ceded ) ) ) Net unpaid losses and LAE Unearned premiums: Direct Assumed Gross unearned premiums Ceded ) ) ) Net unearned premiums 

10) LI 
 
 94 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

95 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

96 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 Accident Year Cumulative Paid Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the Years Ended December 31, Audited 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance Liabilities for claims and claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 
 The following is supplementary information about average historical claims duration as of December 31, 2022. 
 Average Annual Percentage Payout of Incurred Claims by Age, Net of Reinsurance Unaudited Years 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 

97 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 ) 2021 2022 Total 
 Accident Year Cumulative Paid Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the Years Ended December 31, Audited 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance Liabilities for claims and claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 
 The following is supplementary information about average historical claims duration as of December 31, 2022. 
 Average Annual Percentage Payout of Incurred Claims by Age, Net of Reinsurance Unaudited Years 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ) 

98 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

Commercial Lines Operating Segment Liabilities for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid claims Personal Lines Operating Segment Commercial Lines Operating Segment Total reinsurance recoverable on unpaid claims Unallocated claims adjustment expenses Total gross liability for unpaid claims and claims adjustment expense 

99 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 Less: reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses Net balance at January 1 Incurred related to: Current year 525,011 Prior years 112,636 ) Total incurred Paid related to: Current year Prior years Total paid 456,559 Net balance at December 31 Plus: reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses Balance at December 31 Composition of reserve for unpaid losses and LAE: Case reserves IBNR reserves Balance at December 31 
 
 Based upon our internal analysis and our review of the statement of actuarial opinion provided by our actuarial consultants, we believe that the reserve for unpaid losses reasonably represents the amount necessary to pay all claims and related expenses which may arise from incidents that have occurred as of the balance sheet date. 
 As reflected by our losses incurred related to prior years, adverse development experienced in 2022 was primarily the result of the strengthening of our reserves based on increased litigation related to claims being filed in the state of Florida. Current year losses incurred and reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses increased in 2022 due to Hurricane Ian, which made landfall in Florida as a category four Hurricane. The severity of Hurricane Ian resulted in increased cessions to our core catastrophe program as well as the exhausting of our reinsurance coverage attributable to our personal lines operating segment, resulting in higher retained losses compared to 2021. The loss payments made during the year ended December 31, 2021 were higher than the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the settling of the claims related to the unprecedented frequency of catastrophe activity that took place in 2020, as well as the settlement of Hurricane Ida claims in 2021. 
 
 11) 
 
 Florida State Board of Administration Note Truist Term Note Payable (1) 
 N/A Total long-term debt 
 (1) Our Truist Term Note Payable was repaid in full on August 12, 2022. 
 100 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total debt 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 On December 13, 2017, we issued 150,000,000 of 10-year senior notes (the Senior Notes) that will mature on December 15, 2027 and bear interest at a rate equal to 6.25 per annum payable semi-annually on each June 15 and December 15, commencing June 15, 2018. The Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. We may redeem the Senior Notes at our option, at any time and from time to time in whole or in part, prior to September 15, 2027, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100 of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon from the date of redemption to the date that is three months prior to maturity. On or after that date, we may redeem the Senior Notes at par. On December 8, 2022, the Kroll Bond Rating Agency, LLC announced a downgrade of our issuer and debt ratings BBB- to BB+. As a result, pursuant to our agreement, the interest rate of our Senior Notes increased from 6.25 to 7.25 effective on the next Interest Payment date of June 15, 2023. 
 
 Florida State Board of Administration Note 
 
 On September 22, 2006, we issued a , 20-year note payable to the Florida State Board of Administration (the SBA Note). For the first three years of the SBA note we were required to pay interest only. On October 1, 2009, we began to repay the principal in addition to interest. The SBA Note bears an annual interest rate equivalent to the 10-year Constant Maturity Treasury rate (as defined in the SBA Note agreement), which resets quarterly. 
 
 Truist Term Note 
 
 On May 26, 2016, we issued a , 15-year term note payable to Truist (the Truist Note) with the intent to use the funds to purchase, renovate, furnish and equip our principal executive office. The Truist Note bears interest at 1.65 in excess of the one-month LIBOR which resets monthly. LIBOR was expected to be phased out by the end of 2021. However, the Intercontinental Exchange will continue to publish one-month LIBOR settings through 2023. The outstanding Truist Note payable balance, including applicable interest, was repaid in full on August 12, 2022. 
 
 Financial Covenants 
 
 Senior Notes - Our Senior Notes provide that the Company and its subsidiaries shall not incur any indebtedness unless no default exists and the Company s leverage ratio as of the last day of any annual or quarterly period (the balance sheet date) immediately preceding the date on which such additional indebtedness is incurred would have been no greater than 0.3:1, determined on a pro forma basis as if the additional indebtedness and all other indebtedness incurred since the immediately preceding balance sheet date had been incurred and the proceeds therefrom applied as of such day. The Company and its subsidiaries also may not create, assume, incur or permit to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money that is secured by a lien on the voting stock of any significant subsidiary without securing the Senior Notes equally. The Company may not issue, sell, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of the capital stock of the Company s significant subsidiaries as of the issue date of the Senior Notes (except to the Company or to one or more of the Company s other subsidiaries, or for the purpose of qualifying directors or as may be required by law or regulation), subject to certain exceptions. At December 31, 2022, while our leverage ratio was greater than the allowed ratio above, we did not incur any additional debt during the period and as a result we were in compliance with the covenants in the Senior Notes. 
 
 101 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 Additions Amortization ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 
 102 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 12) 
 
 Financing lease assets 
 Property and equipment, net Total lease assets 
 Liabilities Operating lease liabilities 
 Operating lease liability Financing lease liabilities 
 Other liabilities Total lease liabilities 

103 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 Financing lease expense: Amortization of leased assets 
 Interest on lease liabilities 
 Short-term lease expense Net lease expense 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 

Financing leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new financing lease liabilities 
 
 Financing lease amortization expenses are included in depreciation expense in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. See Note 7 for information regarding depreciation expense. See Note 11 for information regarding commitments related to long-term debt, and Note 15 for commitments related to regulatory actions. 
 104 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

We previously leased and occupied office space in which we no longer operate. Effective October 1, 2022, this office space is now subleased to a third-party. This sublease is effective from October 1, 2022, through July 31, 2025, with no option to extend. As of December 31, 2022, we recognized 297,000 of income related to this sublease, exclusive of the lease expense associated with the original lease. 
 
 Additionally, as a result of the sublease, we evaluated our right-of-use asset associated with the original lease for impairment, using the undiscounted cash flows from the sublease. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized impairment of 175,000, which was recognized in the results of our personal lines operating segment. 
 
 Employee Retention Credit 
 
 A series of legislation was enacted in the United States during 2020 and 2021 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic that provided financial relief for businesses impacted by government-mandated shutdowns, work stoppages, or other losses suffered by employers. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) provided an employee retention credit, which is a refundable tax credit against certain employment taxes of up to 5,000 per employee for eligible employers. The tax credit is equal to 50 of qualified wages paid to employees during a quarter, capped at 10,000 of qualified wages per employee. During the second quarter of 2022, we evaluated our eligibility and filed for a 10,161,000 refund in connection with our Employee Retention Tax Credit for the tax year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we have received 254,000 from the Internal Revenue Service related to this refund. A gain contingency is an uncertain situation that will be resolved in the future, possibly resulting in a gain. We have not recorded the recognition of this gain contingency, except for what has already been received and what was received after the balance sheet date prior to finalizing our results for the year, prior to settlement of the underlying event. 
 
 While we believe the likelihood of the refund approval being reversed is low, a loss contingency to the extent of the refunds received and recognized is present. We will continue to monitor the matter for further developments that could affect the outcome of these contingencies and will make any appropriate adjustments each quarter. 
 
 UPC Run-off Plan 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022, UPC received approval from regulatory authorities in Florida, Louisiana and Texas to withdraw from these markets. However, upon completion of our year-end review of unpaid loss and loss adjustment reserves with our independent actuarial firm, UPC incurred 145 million in loss expense, net of reinsurance as of December 31, 2022. As a result of the increased net losses incurred by UPC, the company is insolvent as of December 31, 2022. Accordingly, we have notified the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation (OIR) of UPC s material impairment. UPC was placed into receivership on February 27, 2023. As a result, we immediately de-consolidated UPC from our operations on the effective date of receivership. 

105 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 ) Reinsurance Recoverables Total ) December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Provision for expected credit losses Write-offs December 31, 2021 Premiums Receivable ) Reinsurance Recoverables Note Receivable ) Total ) 
 ) ) Deferred ) ) Provision (benefit) for Federal income tax expense ) ) State: Current Deferred ) ) Provision (benefit) for State income tax expense ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) 

106 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 ) ) State tax expense, net of federal deduction benefit ) ) ) Dividend received deduction ) ) ) Non-Deductible Goodwill ) Other permanent items Prior period accrual adjustment ) Outside basis in subsidiary ) Net operating loss carryback rate benefit (1) 
 ) Municipal tax-exempt interest ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) Change in enacted tax rate ) ) Change in tax credit carryforward ) ) Other, net ) Reported income tax benefit ) ) 

Deferred income taxes, which are included in other assets or other liabilities as appropriate, reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards. The amount and timing of realizing the benefits of NOL carryforwards depend on future taxable income and limitation imposed by tax laws. There is no expiration for of our Federal NOL carryforward. The remaining 452,413,000 of our Federal NOL carryforward expires beginning in 2040 and fully expiring by the end of 2042. Our 404,279,000 of state NOL carryforward expires beginning in 2039 and fully expiring by the end of 2042. The unused business tax credits of 1,610,00 will expire beginning in 2037 and fully expiring by the end of 2040. 
 
 107 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 Unrealized loss 8,768 1,230 Tax-related discount on loss reserve R D tax credit carryforward Other-than-temporary impairment Investments Bad debt expense Equity compensation Dual consolidated loss carryforward Net operating loss carryforward Other Total pre-allowance deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred acquisitions costs ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Investments ) ) Fixed assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) ) 
 
 We had a valuation allowance of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In assessing the net realizable value of deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that we will not realize some portion or all of the deferred tax assets. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. We considered taxable income (loss), reversals of temporary items, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. The current year increase in valuation allowance predominately relates to the impact of current year results on management s estimate that the majority of its net deferred tax assets will not be realizable. 
 
 The statute of limitations related to our consolidated Federal income tax returns and our Florida income tax returns expired for all tax years up to and including 2018; therefore, only the 2019 through 2022 tax years remain subject to examination by taxing authorities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we were examined by the IRS regarding tax years 2018, 2019 and 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we were examined by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) regarding our 2016 income tax return. Tax years 2018, 2019 and 2020 are with Joint Committee review, however, no material adjustments have been proposed. 
 
 UPC Insurance s reinsurance subsidiaries, which are based in the Cayman Islands and Bermuda, made an irrevocable election under section 953(d) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, to be treated as a domestic insurance company for U.S. Federal income tax purposes. As a result of this election, our reinsurance subsidiaries are subject to United States income tax on its worldwide income as if it were a U.S. corporation. 

108 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

Decrease based on tax positions related to prior years ) Balance at December 31 

15) 
 
 109 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 ACIC (2) 
 IIC Total ) 
 (1) UPC results are inclusive of FSIC as these entities were merged effective May 31, 2022. 
 (2) ACIC results are inclusive of JIC as these entities were merged effective June 1, 2022. 
 
 The amount of restricted net assets of our insurance subsidiaries are: 
 December 31, 2022 UPC (1)(2) 
 ACIC (3) 
 IIC 
 (1) UPC results are inclusive of FSIC as these entities were merged effective May 31, 2022. 
 (2) As a result of UPC s insolvency, the Company is in a net liability position and has no restricted net assets at December 31, 2022. 
 (3) ACIC results are inclusive of JIC as these entities were merged effective June 1, 2022. 
 
 NAIC law limits an insurer s investment in equity instruments and also restricts investments in medium to low quality debt instruments. We were in compliance with all investment restrictions at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The SBA Note is considered a surplus note pursuant to statutory accounting principles. As a result, UPC is subject to the authority of the Insurance Commissioner of the State of Florida with regard to its ability to repay principal and interest on the SBA note. Any payment of principal or interest requires permission from the insurance regulatory authority. 
 
 We have reported our insurance subsidiaries assets, liabilities and results of operations in accordance with GAAP, which varies from statutory accounting principles prescribed or permitted by state laws and regulations, as well as by general industry practices. The following items are principal differences between statutory accounting and GAAP: 
 
 Statutory accounting requires that we exclude certain assets, called non-admitted assets, from the balance sheet. 
 
 Statutory accounting requires us to expense policy acquisition costs when incurred, while GAAP allows us to defer to the extent realizable, and amortize policy acquisition costs over the estimated life of the policies. 
 
 Statutory accounting requires that surplus notes, also known as surplus debentures, be recorded in statutory surplus, while GAAP requires us to record surplus notes as a liability. 
 
 Statutory accounting allows certain investments to be carried at amortized cost or fair value based on the rating received from the Securities Valuation Office of the NAIC, while they are recorded at fair value for GAAP because the investments are held as available for sale. 
 
 Statutory accounting allows ceding commission income to be recognized when written if the cost of acquiring and renewing the associated business exceeds the ceding commissions, but under GAAP such income is deferred and recognized over the coverage period. 
 110 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

. 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 UPC (1) 
 ) ) ) ACIC (2) 
 ) ) IIC ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 (1) UPC results are inclusive of FSIC as these entities were merged effective May 31, 2022. 
 (2) ACIC results are inclusive of JIC as these entities were merged effective June 1, 2022. 

16) 
 
 of the first of employees contributions to the plan. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, our contributions to the plan on behalf of the participating employees were , , and , respectively. 

17) 

111 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 ) Changes in net unrealized gain on investments ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized gains ) ) December 31, 2020 ) Changes in net unrealized losses on investments ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized gains ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) Changes in net unrealized losses on investments ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses ) December 31, 2022 ) ) 

18) 
 
 Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter 
 
 In November 2022, ACIC paid dividends of 26,000,000 to the Company. In February 2021, IIC paid dividends of 3,500,000 to the Company. In February 2020, IIC paid dividends of 12,000,000 to the Company. 
 
 In July 2019, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase plan of up to 25,000,000 of our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had not yet repurchased any shares under this stock repurchase plan. The timing and volume of repurchases are at the discretion of management, based on the capital needs of the business, the market price of UIHC common stock, and general market conditions. The plan has no expiration date, and the plan may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 
 See Note 19 for information regarding our stock-based compensation activity. 

19) STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
 
 We account for stock-based compensation under the fair value recognition provisions of ASC Topic 718 - Compensation - Stock Compensation . We recognize stock-based compensation cost over the award s requisite service period on a straight-line basis for time-based restricted stock grants and performance-based restricted stock grants. We record forfeitures as they occur for all stock-based compensation. 
 
 Under the Company s 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan, 1,000,000 shares were authorized for issuance at December 31, 2020. In 2020, the Board of Directors adopted the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which was approved by shareholders during our 2020 Annual Shareholder meeting. At the time of approval, an additional 2,000,000 shares were authorized for issuance. 

112 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 Post-tax (2) 
 Director stock-based compensation expense Pre-tax (1) 
 Post-tax (2) 
 
 (1) This table does not include withholding of vested shares for tax liabilities, which totaled , , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) The after tax amounts are determined using the 21 corporate federal tax rate. 
 
 We had approximately of unrecognized stock compensation expense at December 31, 2022 related to non-vested stock-based compensation granted, which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately 2.0 years. We had approximately of unrecognized director stock-based compensation expense at December 31, 2022 related to non-vested director stock-based compensation granted, which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately 0.3 years. 
 
 Restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance stock units 
 
 Stock-based compensation cost for restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance stock units is measured based on the closing fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant, which vest in equal installments over the requisite service period of typically three years. Restricted stock awards granted to non-employee directors vest over a one-year period. Each restricted stock unit and performance stock unit represents our obligation to deliver to the holder one share of common stock upon vesting. 
 
 Performance stock units vest based on the Company s return on average equity compared to a defined group of peer companies. On the grant date, we issue the target number of performance stock units. They are subject to forfeitures if performance goals are not met. The actual number of performance stock units earned can vary from zero to 150 percent of the target for the 2022, 2021, and 2020 awards. 
 
 We granted , , and shares of restricted common stock, which had a weighted-average grant date fair value of , , and per share during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company granted 45,000 shares of restricted common stock, with a fair value of 15.70 per share, which were contingent upon stockholder approval of the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The contingent shares were issued and fully vested during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

113 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 Granted (1) 
 Less: Forfeited Less: Vested (1) 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 
 Granted Less: Forfeited Less: Vested Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Granted Less: Forfeited 
 Less: Vested Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Contingent shares granted during 2019, but issued and fully vested during May 2020, have been included in the 2020 granted and vested share calculations in the table above. 
 
 Stock options 
 
 Stock option fair value was estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes-Merton formula. Stock options vest in equal installments over the requisite service period of typically three years. 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected term 
 
 Expected annual dividend yield for our options granted prior to the third quarter of 2021 is based on a quarterly dividend of 0.06 per share and the stock price on the grant date. The expected annual dividend yield for our options granted during and after the third quarter of 2021 is based on no dividends being paid in future quarters. The expected volatility is a historical volatility calculated based on the daily closing prices over a period equal to the expected term. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the grant date. Expected term takes into account the three-year graded vesting term and the 10-year contractual term of the option. 
 
 We granted , , and stock options during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which had a weighted average grant date fair value of , , and , per share, respectively. 

114 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 9.00 Granted Less: Forfeited Less: Exercised Less: Expired Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 
 8.77 Vested as of December 31, 2020 
 7.95 Exercisable as of December 31, 2020 
 7.95 Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 
 8.77 Granted Less: Forfeited Less: Exercised Less: Expired Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 9.49 Vested as of December 31, 2021 
 7.39 Exercisable as of December 31, 2021 
 7.39 Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 9.49 Granted Less: Forfeited Less: Exercised Less: Expired Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 7.66 Vested as of December 31, 2022 (1) 
 8.03 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 5.10 
 (1) The vested shares, weighted average exercise price and weighted-average remaining contractual term are calculated based on all vested shares at December 31, 2022, inclusive of those that expired during the year. 

20) 
 
 Florida personal lines policies on February 1, 2023, and Slide simultaneously issued replacement policies. Additionally, Slide will make offers of coverage to additional Florida personal lines policies expiring in April 2023. 
 
 115 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

 or 1.2 , from to . Additionally, the Company has decreased its reported Reinsurance recoverable on paid and unpaid losses and Other assets on its Consolidated Balance Sheets by or 0.05 and or 2.5 , respectively. 
 
 On April 5, 2023, the Company filed a Motion for Release of Property of ACIC in the Circuit Court of the Second Judicial Circuit for Leon County, Florida, requesting that UPC immediately remit to ACIC reinsurance recoveries currently held by UPC and reinsurance recoveries recovered by UPC in the future in accordance with the Company s Allocation Agreement. Alternatively, ACIC requested future reinsurance recoveries remitted to UPC be placed into a segregated account for future reconciliation and remittance to ACIC. On April 13, 2023, the DFS filed a response to the Company s motion, objecting to ACIC s position. On April 14, 2023, the Court denied ACIC s motion without prejudice. 
 116 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. We designed our disclosure controls with the objective of ensuring we accumulate and communicate this information to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this report. Based on our evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (a) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets; (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (c) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on our evaluation under that framework, management concluded that our internal control over our financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10K, has issued their attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) identified in connection with the evaluation of our internal control performed during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Limitations on Controls 
 
 Because of the inherent limitations of internal controls, we do not expect our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that our 
 objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that we will prevent all misstatements due to error or fraud or that we will detect all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 117 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 118 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Other than the information regarding our Code of Conduct and Ethics set forth below, all information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of our Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2023 Proxy Statement). 
 
 CODE OF CONDUCT AND ETHICS 
 
 We have adopted a code of ethics (our Code of Conduct and Ethics) that applies to our officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial and accounting officer, in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. This document may be reviewed by accessing our investor relations site at investors.upcinsurance.com under the Governance Documents tab. In addition, a copy of our Code of Conduct and Ethics will be provided without charge upon written request submitted to us via regular mail or via electronic mail to investorrelations@upcinsurance.com. We intend to post notice of any waiver from, or amendment to, any provision in our Code of Conduct and Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller on our website at www.upcinsurance.com. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

119 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 
 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements . In Part II, Item 8 , we have included our consolidated financial statements, the notes thereto and the report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 (2) Exhibits . We hereby file as part of this Form 10-K the exhibits listed in the following index. 

120 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 Exhibit Description 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 17, 2016, by and among United Insurance Holdings Corp., Kilimanjaro Corp., Kili LLC, RDX Holding, LLC, certain equityholders of RDX Holding, LLC party thereto and AmCo Holding Company (included as Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K filed on August 19, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 3.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as amended to include the Certificate of Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of United Insurance Holdings Corp.) (included as exhibit 3.1 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 8, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference). 3.2 
 Certificate of Elimination of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, dated as of January 10, 2018 (included as exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed January 12, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference). 3.3 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (included as exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment to United Insurance Holdings Corp. s Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (included as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.1 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (included as exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-150327), filed on December 23, 2008, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.2 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 4, 2007, by and among FMG Acquisition Corp. and the investors named therein (included as exhibit 10.4 to the Form 8-K, filed on October 12, 2007, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.3 
 Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2017, by and between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (included at exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K, filed on December 13, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 4.4 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2017, by and between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (including form of Note) (included as exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.5 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 10.1 
 Investment Management Agreement between United Property Casualty Insurance Company and Synovus Trust Company, dated October 8, 2003 (included as exhibit 10.18 to the Form S-4/A (Registration No. 333-150327), filed on June 13, 2008, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.2 
 Insurance Capital Build-up Incentive Program Surplus Note between United Property Casualty Insurance Company and the State Board of Administration of Florida dated September 22, 2006 (included as exhibit 10.31 to the Form S-4/A (Registration No. 333-150327), filed on June 13, 2008, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.3 
 Master Business Process Outsourcing Services Agreement between United Insurance Management, LLC and Computer Sciences Corporation, dated March 11, 2008 (included as exhibit 10.24 to the Form S-4/A (Registration No. 333-150327), filed on June 13, 2008, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.4 
 Addendum Number One to Insurance Capital Build-Up Incentive Program Surplus Note, dated November 7, 2008 and effective July 1, 2008, between the State Board of Administration of Florida and United Property Casualty Insurance Company (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K, filed on November 12, 2008, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.5 
 Federal Income Tax Allocation Agreement between United Insurance Holdings Corp., United Insurance Management, L.C., Skyway Claims Services, LLC, United Property Casualty Insurance Company, UPC Re and amended to include Family Security Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries dated July 1, 2012 (included as exhibit 10.11 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 8, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.6 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award under the United Insurance Holdings Corp. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K, filed on September 30, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.7 
 United Insurance Holdings Corp. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (included as Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy statement for its 2013 Annual Meeting, filed on April 16, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference). 

121 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

Exhibit Description 10.8 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (for Non-Employee Members of the Board of Directors) under the United Insurance Holdings Corp. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.9 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award (for Employees) under the United Insurance Holdings Corp. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.10 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (for Chairman of the Board) under the United Insurance Holdings Corp. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (included as exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.11 
 Form of Stock Option Award under the United Insurance Holdings Corp. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q, filed on November 7, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.12 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award under the United Insurance Holdings Corp. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q, filed on November 7, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.13 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award under the United Insurance Holdings Corp. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (included as exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q, filed on November 7, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.14 
 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2016, by and among United Insurance Holdings Corp., RDX Holding, LLC., R. Daniel Peed and Peed FLP1, Ltd., L.L.P (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on August 19, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.15 
 United Insurance Holdings Corp. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (included as Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy statement for its 2020 Annual Meeting, filed on April 3, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.16 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award (for Employees) under the United Insurance Holdings Corp. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.17 
 Form of Stock Option Award under the United Insurance Holdings Corp. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q, filed on November 7, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.18 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award under the United Insurance Holdings Corp. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q, filed on November 7, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.19 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award under the United Insurance Holdings Corp. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (included as exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q, filed on November 7, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.20 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, by and between United Insurance Holdings Corp. and the members of the Board of Directors. (included as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed on November 6, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 10.21 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2020, by and between United Insurance Holdings Corp. and Bennett Bradford Martz (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.22 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2020, by and between United Insurance Holdings Corp. and Scott St. John (included as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.23 
 Renewal Rights Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2021, by and among United Property and Casualty Insurance Company, United Insurance Holdings Corp., United Insurance Management, L.C., Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc., and HCI Group, Inc. (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.24 
 Property Quota Share Reinsurance Contract, dated as of January 18, 2021 and effective as of December 31, 2020, by and between United Property and Casualty Insurance Company and Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. (included as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.25 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2021, by and between United Property and Casualty Insurance Company and HCI Group, Inc. (included as Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 122 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

10.26 
 Employment Agreement, dated September 1, 2021, between United Insurance Holdings Corp. and Brooke Shirazi (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on September 1, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference.) 10.27 
 Renewal Rights Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2021, by and among United Property and Casualty Insurance Company, United Insurance Holdings Corp., United Insurance Management, L.C., and Homeowners Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference.) 10.28 
 Stock Re-purchase Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022, by and among Journey Insurance Company and RJ Kiln Co. (No. 3) Limited. (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference.) 10.29 
 Termination Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022, by and among United Insurance Holdings Corp., Journey Insurance Company and RJ Kiln Co. (No. 3) Limited. (included as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference.) 10.30 
 Renewal Rights Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2022, by and among United Property and Casualty Insurance Company and Wright National Flood Insurance Company. (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference.) 10.31 
 Retention Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2022, by and between United Insurance Holdings Corp. and Bennett Bradford Martz. 10.32 
 Retention Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2022, by and between United Insurance Holdings Corp. and Christopher Griffith. 10.33 
 Retention Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2022, by and between United Insurance Holdings Corp. and Brooke Adler. 10.34 
 Renewal Rights Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2023, by and among United Property and Casualty Insurance Company and Slide Insurance Company. (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference.) 10.35 
 Asset Purchase and Services Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2023, by and among United Insurance Management, L.C. and Slide Insurance Company. (included as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference.) Exhibit Description 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of United Insurance Holdings Corp. 23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 123 

UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ R. Daniel Peed Name: R. Daniel Peed Title: Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and duly authorized officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 /s/ R. Daniel Peed 
 R. Daniel Peed 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (principal executive officer and duly authorized officer) April 17, 2023 /s/ B. Bradford Martz 
 B. Bradford Martz 
 Chief Financial Officer and President (principal financial and accounting officer) April 17, 2023 /s/ Gregory C. Branch 
 Gregory C. Branch 
 Chairman Emeritus April 17, 2023 /s/ Alec L. Poitevint, II Alec L. Poitevint, II 
 Lead Director April 17, 2023 /s/ Kern M. Davis, M.D. Kern M. Davis, M.D. 
 Director April 17, 2023 /s/ Michael R. Hogan Michael R. Hogan 
 Director April 17, 2023 /s/ William H. Hood, III William H. Hood, III 
 Director April 17, 2023 /s/ Sherrill W. Hudson Sherrill W. Hudson 
 Director April 17, 2023 /s/ Patrick F. Maroney 
 Patrick F. Maroney 
 Director April 17, 2023 /s/ Kent G. Whittemore Kent G. Whittemore 
 Director April 17, 2023 

124 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 exh4531dec22.htm
 EX-4.5

Document 
 EXHIBIT 4.5 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 As of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part, United Insurance Holdings Corp. (the Company has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended our Common Stock. 
 
 The following description of our Common Stock is a summary of certain key terms and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws for additional information. 
 
 Authorized Capital Shares 
 
 Our authorized capital shares consist of 100,000,000 shares of common stock Common Stock ), 0.0001 par value per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share Preferred Stock ). The outstanding shares of Common Stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters voted on by the stockholders, including the election of directors. Our Common Stock does not have cumulative voting rights. All actions to be taken by our stockholders other than matters relating to the election of directors must be approved by a majority of the shares which are voted with respect to such matter. Director nominees will be elected by vote of a majority of the votes cast with respect to such director's election in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the election of directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected at any meeting of stockholders as of the date that is (10) days prior to the date that we file our definitive proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (regardless of whether or not the proxy statement is thereafter revised or supplemented), then each director will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the election of directors. Holders of Common Stock may also act by written consent, subject to certain limitations set forth in our Bylaws. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 Subject to the rights of holders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, if any, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors in its discretion out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 Subject to the rights of holders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, if any, holders of Common Stock will share ratably in all assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of our dissolution, liquidation or winding up. 
 
 Other Rights and Preferences 
 
 Our Common Stock has no sinking fund or redemption provisions or preemptive, conversion or exchange rights. The rights and preferences of the holders of Common Stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of Preferred Stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 
 
 Listing 
 
 The Common Stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the trading symbol UIHC . 

EXHIBIT 4.5 

 Anti-Takeover Provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 The provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws summarized in the following paragraphs may have an anti-takeover effect and could make it more difficult to acquire control of the Company by means of a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interest or in the best interests of the Company, including transactions that might result in a premium over the market price for shares of Common Stock. 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that our Board of Directors is divided into two classes as nearly equal in size as possible, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected each year. At a given annual meeting of stockholders, only a portion of our Board of Directors may be considered for election. Our Certificate of Incorporation also provides that any vacancies in the Board of Directors may be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director. Since our staggered board may prevent our stockholders from replacing a majority of our Board of Directors at a single annual meeting of stockholders, it may entrench our management and discourage unsolicited stockholder proposals. 
 
 Under our Certificate of Incorporation, our Board of Directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series, and to fix for each such series such voting powers, full or limited, and such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof as shall be stated and expressed in a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing the issue of such series as may be permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. Because the Board of Directors has the power to establish the preferences, powers and rights of the shares of any series of Preferred Stock, it may afford holders of any Preferred Stock preferences, power and rights, including voting and dividend rights, senior to the rights of holders of our Common Stock, which could adversely affect the holders of Common Stock and could delay, discourage or prevent a takeover even if a change of control of the Company would be beneficial to the interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that a special meeting of stockholders may only be called by our Chairman of the Board of Directors or the Secretary of the Company, subject to the limitations described in this paragraph and as further set forth in our Bylaws. The Secretary may call a special meeting of stockholders at the request of stockholders only if such request is submitted by stockholders holding a majority of all outstanding shares of Common Stock, and such shares have been owned of record continuously for a period of at least one year prior to the date that such special meeting is requested. Such stockholders must submit a request including the information and following the other procedures specified in our Bylaws. These provisions may have the effect of precluding the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting if the proper procedures are not followed. 
 
 Our Bylaws also establish advance notice procedures for stockholders to make nominations of candidates for election as directors or to bring other business before an annual or special meeting of stockholders. The Bylaws provide that any stockholder wishing to nominate persons for election as directors at, or bring other business before, an annual or special meeting must deliver to our Secretary a written notice of the stockholder's intention to do so. These provisions may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed. We expect that these provisions may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer's own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. To be timely, the stockholder's notice, in the case of an annual meeting, must be received by our Secretary at our principal executive offices neither fewer than 90 days nor more than 120 days before the first anniversary date of the annual meeting for the proceeding year provided, however, that in the event that the annual meeting is convened on a date that is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after the first anniversary date of the preceding year's annual meeting, or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, a stockholder's notice must be received by our Secretary no more than 120 days prior to such annual meeting nor less than the later of (x) 90 days prior to such annual meeting and (y) 10 days after the earlier of (A) the day on which notice of the meeting was mailed or (B) the day on which public disclosure of the date of the meeting was made. In the case of a special meeting, a timely notice must be given no later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which notice of the date of the special meeting was given or public disclosure of the date of the special meeting was made, whichever comes first. The notice must also contain the information required by our Bylaws. 
 
 Additionally, our Bylaws provide that stockholders may remove directors only for cause, upon the vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.31>
 3
 retentionagreementbbm.htm
 EX-10.31

retentionagreementbbm 

Re: Retention Agreement Via Hand Delivery B. Bradford Martz Dear Brad: We consider your continued service and dedication to United Insurance Holdings Corp. United essential to our business plan. To reward you for remaining employed with United and in good standing, we are pleased to offer you this retention pay, as described in this Retention Agreement. In recognition of your continued service with United through and until December 31, 2023 (the Retention Period ), we are offering you retention pay in the amount of 283,500.00, less all applicable withholdings and deductions required by law (the Retention Pay ). You will be eligible to retain the Retention Pay if all of the following eligibility criteria are satisfied: 1. You are actively employed by United on the last day of the Retention Period. 2. You have not given notice of your intent to resign from employment on or before the last day of the Retention Period. 3. United has not given you notice of its intent to terminate your employment on or before the last day of the Retention Period and you satisfy all of the other eligibility criteria. 4. If you are eligible to receive the Retention Pay and sign and return this Retention Agreement to the General Counsel within five (5) days of receiving same, the Retention Pay will be paid to you on the next regularly scheduled pay date; provided, however, that you acknowledge that you will not fully earn the Retention Pay until the end of the Retention Period. 5. RE-PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS. (a) If you resign from employment with United with Good Reason, as defined in the Employment Agreement dated October 1, 2020 by and between you and United (the Employment Agreement ), before the close of the Retention Period, you agree to re-pay to United the gross Retention Pay, within fifteen (15) days after the termination of your employment, as follows: i. One hundred percent (100 of the Retention Pay if your employment with United ends on or before May 31, 2023; and 

2 ii. Fifty percent (50 of the Retention Pay if your employment with United ends anytime between June 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023. (b) If United terminates your employment for Cause or if you resign without Good Reason, as each is defined in the Employment Agreement, before the close of the Retention Period, Retention Pay shall be forfeited and you shall re-pay the gross Retention Pay to United. (c) If your employment with United is terminated due to death or disability, as defined in the Employment Agreement, before the close of the Retention Period, you or your estate shall re-pay Retention Pay to United in accordance with the schedule set forth in paragraph 5(a) herein. Your employment remains subject to the Employment Agreement. 6. Effect of Insolvency. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Retention Pay shall become fully earned in the event United (a) becomes insolvent, (B) is generally unable to pay, or fails to pay, its debts as they become due, (C) files, or has filed against it, a petition for voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or pursuant to any other insolvency law, (D) makes or seeks to make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or (E) applies for, or consents to, the appointment of a trustee, receiver or custodian for a substantial part of its business. 7. Section 409A. This Retention Agreement is intended to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Section 409A and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. 8. Entire Agreement. This Retention Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between United and you relating to the Retention Pay and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, discussions, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the subject matter of retention pay; provided, however, that this Retention Agreement shall not supersede, modify or alter any other agreements between United and you, and specifically your Employment Agreement dated October 1, 2020 shall remain in full force and effect. This Retention Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing signed by both the Chief Executive Officer of United and you. 9. Governing Law and Venue. This Retention Agreement and all related documents, and all matters arising out of or relating to this Retention Agreement, whether sounding in contract, tort, or statute for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida (including its statutes of limitations and Florida Choice of Law statutes), without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that would cause the laws of any other jurisdiction to apply. Any suit, action or other legal proceeding arising out of, or relating to, this Retention Agreement shall be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in Pinellas County, Florida, having subject matter jurisdiction thereof and you and United agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such forum. 10. Enforcement Costs. If you fail to repay any Retention Pay owed to United, it will be considered a material breach of this Retention Agreement. Accordingly, if United is forced to 

3 seek court enforcement of this Agreement, United shall be entitled to recover from you not only the Retention Pay it is owed, but also its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, court costs and all expenses even if not taxable as court costs (including, but not limited to, all attorneys fees and expenses incident to any appeals), incurred in that action or proceeding, in addition to any other relief to which such it may be entitled under the law. Please sign and date this Retention Agreement and return the signed copy via electronic mail to Brooke Adler at badler@upcinsurance.com no later than December 23, 2022. We look forward to your continued employment with us. United Insurance Holdings Corp. By:_/s/ R. Daniel Peed R. Daniel Peed Chief Executive officer Date: December 21, 2022 Agreed to and accepted by: /s/ B. Bradford Martz B. Bradford Martz Date: December 21, 2022 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 4
 retentionagreementcg.htm
 EX-10.32

retentionagreementcg 

Re: Retention Agreement Via Hand Delivery Chris Griffith Dear Chris: We consider your continued service and dedication to United Insurance Holdings Corp. United essential to our business plan. To reward you for remaining employed with United and in good standing, we are pleased to offer you this retention pay, as described in this Retention Agreement. In recognition of your continued service with United through and until December 31, 2023 (the Retention Period ), we are offering you retention pay in the amount of 207,900.00, less all applicable withholdings and deductions required by law (the Retention Pay ). You will be eligible to retain the Retention Pay if all of the following eligibility criteria are satisfied: 1. You are actively employed by United on the last day of the Retention Period. 2. You have not given notice of your intent to resign from employment on or before the last day of the Retention Period. 3. United has not given you notice of its intent to terminate your employment on or before the last day of the Retention Period and you satisfy all of the other eligibility criteria. 4. If you are eligible to receive the Retention Pay and sign and return this Retention Agreement to the General Counsel within five (5) days of receiving same, the Retention Pay will be paid to you on the next regularly scheduled pay date; provided, however, that you acknowledge that you will not fully earn the Retention Pay until the end of the Retention Period. 5. RE-PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS. (a) If you resign from employment with United with Good Reason, as defined in the Employment Agreement dated October 1, 2020 by and between you and United (the Employment Agreement ), before the close of the Retention Period, you agree to re-pay to United the gross Retention Pay, within fifteen (15) days after the termination of your employment, as follows: i. One hundred percent (100 of the Retention Pay if your employment with United ends on or before May 31, 2023; and 

2 ii. Fifty percent (50 of the Retention Pay if your employment with United ends anytime between June 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023. (b) If United terminates your employment for Cause or if you resign without Good Reason, as each is defined in the Employment Agreement, before the close of the Retention Period, Retention Pay shall be forfeited and you shall re-pay the gross Retention Pay to United. (c) If your employment with United is terminated due to death or disability, as defined in the Employment Agreement, before the close of the Retention Period, you or your estate shall re-pay Retention Pay to United in accordance with the schedule set forth in paragraph 5(a) herein. Your employment remains subject to the Employment Agreement. 6. Effect of Insolvency. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Retention Pay shall become fully earned in the event United (a) becomes insolvent, (B) is generally unable to pay, or fails to pay, its debts as they become due, (C) files, or has filed against it, a petition for voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or pursuant to any other insolvency law, (D) makes or seeks to make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or (E) applies for, or consents to, the appointment of a trustee, receiver or custodian for a substantial part of its business. 7. Section 409A. This Retention Agreement is intended to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Section 409A and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. 8. Entire Agreement. This Retention Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between United and you relating to the Retention Pay and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, discussions, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the subject matter of retention pay; provided, however, that this Retention Agreement shall not supersede, modify or alter any other agreements between United and you, and specifically your Employment Agreement dated October 1, 2020 shall remain in full force and effect. This Retention Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing signed by both the Chief Executive Officer of United and you. 9. Governing Law and Venue. This Retention Agreement and all related documents, and all matters arising out of or relating to this Retention Agreement, whether sounding in contract, tort, or statute for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida (including its statutes of limitations and Florida Choice of Law statutes), without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that would cause the laws of any other jurisdiction to apply. Any suit, action or other legal proceeding arising out of, or relating to, this Retention Agreement shall be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in Pinellas County, Florida, having subject matter jurisdiction thereof and you and United agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such forum. 10. Enforcement Costs. If you fail to repay any Retention Pay owed to United, it will be considered a material breach of this Retention Agreement. Accordingly, if United is forced to 

3 seek court enforcement of this Agreement, United shall be entitled to recover from you not only the Retention Pay it is owed, but also its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, court costs and all expenses even if not taxable as court costs (including, but not limited to, all attorneys fees and expenses incident to any appeals), incurred in that action or proceeding, in addition to any other relief to which such it may be entitled under the law. Please sign and date this Retention Agreement and return the signed copy via electronic mail to Brooke Adler at badler@upcinsurance.com no later than December 23, 2022. We look forward to your continued employment with us. United Insurance Holdings Corp. By:_/s/ R. Daniel Peed R. Daniel Peed Chief Executive officer Date: December 21, 2022 Agreed to and accepted by: /s/ Chris Griffith Chris Griffith Date: December 21, 2022 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.33>
 5
 retentionagreementba.htm
 EX-10.33

retentionagreementba 

R Via Hand Delivery Brooke Adler Re: Retention Agreement Dear Brooke: We consider your continued service and dedication to United Insurance Holdings Corp. United essential to our business plan. To reward you for remaining employed with United and in good standing, we are pleased to offer you this retention pay, as described in this Retention Agreement. In recognition of your continued service with United through and until December 31, 2023 (the Retention Period ), we are offering you retention pay in the amount of 170,100.00, less all applicable withholdings and deductions required by law (the Retention Pay ). You will be eligible to retain the Retention Pay if all of the following eligibility criteria are satisfied: 1. You are actively employed by United on the last day of the Retention Period. 2. You have not given notice of your intent to resign from employment on or before the last day of the Retention Period. 3. United has not given you notice of its intent to terminate your employment on or before the last day of the Retention Period and you satisfy all of the other eligibility criteria. 4. If you are eligible to receive the Retention Pay and sign and return this Retention Agreement to the General Counsel within five (5) days of receiving same, the Retention Pay will be paid to you on the next regularly scheduled pay date; provided, however, that you acknowledge that you will not fully earn the Retention Pay until the end of the Retention Period. 5. RE-PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS. (a) If you resign from employment with United with Good Reason, as defined in the Employment Agreement dated April 19, 2021 by and between you and United (the Employment Agreement ), before the close of the Retention Period, you agree to re- pay to United the gross Retention Pay, within fifteen (15) days after the termination of your employment, as follows: 

2 i. One hundred percent (100 of the Retention Pay if your employment with United ends on or before May 31, 2023; and ii. Fifty percent (50 of the Retention Pay if your employment with United ends anytime between June 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023. (b) If United terminates your employment for Cause or if you resign without Good Reason, as each is defined in the Employment Agreement, before the close of the Retention Period, Retention Pay shall be forfeited and you shall re-pay the gross Retention Pay to United. (c) If your employment with United is terminated due to death or disability, as defined in the Employment Agreement, before the close of the Retention Period, you or your estate shall re-pay Retention Pay to United in accordance with the schedule set forth in paragraph 5(a) herein. Your employment remains subject to the Employment Agreement. 6. Effect of Insolvency. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Retention Pay shall become fully earned in the event United (a) becomes insolvent, (B) is generally unable to pay, or fails to pay, its debts as they become due, (C) files, or has filed against it, a petition for voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or pursuant to any other insolvency law, (D) makes or seeks to make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or (E) applies for, or consents to, the appointment of a trustee, receiver or custodian for a substantial part of its business. 7. Section 409A. This Retention Agreement is intended to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Section 409A and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. 8. Entire Agreement. This Retention Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between United and you relating to the Retention Pay and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, discussions, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the subject matter of retention pay; provided, however, that this Retention Agreement shall not supersede, modify or alter any other agreements between United and you, and specifically your Employment Agreement dated April 19, 2021 shall remain in full force and effect. This Retention Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing signed by both the Chief Executive Officer of United and you. 9. Governing Law and Venue. This Retention Agreement and all related documents, and all matters arising out of or relating to this Retention Agreement, whether sounding in contract, tort, or statute for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida (including its statutes of limitations and Florida Choice of Law statutes), without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that would cause the laws of any other jurisdiction to apply. Any suit, action or other legal proceeding arising out of, or relating to, this Retention Agreement shall be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in Pinellas County, Florida, having subject matter jurisdiction thereof and you and United agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such forum. 

3 10. Enforcement Costs. If you fail to repay any Retention Pay owed to United, it will be considered a material breach of this Retention Agreement. Accordingly, if United is forced to seek court enforcement of this Agreement, United shall be entitled to recover from you not only the Retention Pay it is owed, but also its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, court costs and all expenses even if not taxable as court costs (including, but not limited to, all attorneys fees and expenses incident to any appeals), incurred in that action or proceeding, in addition to any other relief to which such it may be entitled under the law. Please sign and date this Retention Agreement and return the signed copy via electronic mail to Brooke Adler at badler@upcinsurance.com no later than December 23, 2022. We look forward to your continued employment with us. United Insurance Holdings Corp. By:/s/ R. Daniel Peed R. Daniel Peed Chief Executive Officer Date: December 21, 2022 Agreed to and accepted by: /s/ Brooke Adler Brooke Adler Date: December 21, 2022 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 exh21131dec22.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 21.1 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF UNITED INSURANCE HOLDINGS CORP. 

United Insurance Management, L.C. (incorporated in Florida) 
 
 United Property & Casualty Insurance Company (incorporated in Florida) 
 
 Skyway Claims Services, LLC d b a UPC Claims (incorporated in Florida) 
 
 UPC Re (incorporated in the Cayman Islands) 
 
 Interboro Insurance Company (incorporated in New York) 
 
 AmCo Holding Company (incorporated in Delaware) 
 
 American Coastal Insurance Company, Inc. (incorporated in Florida) 
 
 BlueLine Cayman Holdings, LLC (incorporated in the Cayman Islands) 
 
 Skyway Reinsurance Services, LLC (incorporated in Florida) 
 
 Skyway Legal Services, LLC (incorporated in Florida) 
 
 Skyway Technologies, LLC (incorporated in Florida) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 exh231consent31dec22.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-191473 and 333-238078 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-256825 on Form S-3 of our report dated April 17, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of United Insurance Holdings Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company ), appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP Tampa, Florida April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 exh31131dec22.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 
 I, R. Daniel Peed, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of United Insurance Holdings Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

s R. Daniel Peed 
 R. Daniel Peed Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) April 17, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 exh31231dec22.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 
 I, B. Bradford Martz, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of United Insurance Holdings Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s B. Bradford Martz 
 B. Bradford Martz President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) April 17, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 exh32131dec22.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 
 In connection with the Form 10-K of United Insurance Holdings Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report), I, R. Daniel Peed, the Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) of United Insurance Holdings Corp. hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of United Insurance Holdings Corp. 

By s R. Daniel Peed R. Daniel Peed Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 exh32231dec22.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 
 In connection with the Form 10-K of United Insurance Holdings Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report), I, B. Bradford Martz, the Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) of United Insurance Holdings Corp. hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of United Insurance Holdings Corp. 
 
 By s B. Bradford Martz B. Bradford Martz President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 uihc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 uihc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 uihc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 uihc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 uihc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

