<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230602_10-K_edgar_data_4457_0000004457-23-000052.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19660914</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>330891</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3106402</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4855068</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5464480</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4432271</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000004457-23-000052.hdr.sgml : 20230602
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230601212248
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000004457-23-000052
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		146
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230602
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230601

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			U-Haul Holding Co /NV/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000004457
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AUTO RENTAL & LEASING (NO DRIVERS) [7510]
		IRS NUMBER:				880106815
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11255
		FILM NUMBER:		23986569

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5555 KIETZKE LANE STE 100
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89511
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7756886300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5555 KIETZKE LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89511

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERCO /NV/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERCO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19770926

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000004457-23-000052.txt : 20230602

10-K
 1
 uhal-20230331.htm
 MARCH 31, 2023 10-K

United States Securities and exchange commission 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

(Mark One) 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15( 
 d) of the securities exchange act of 1934. 

For the fiscal year ended 

or 

Transition report pursuant to section 13 or 15( 
 d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

For the transition period from __________________ to _________________ 

Commission File Number 

State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization 

Registrant, State of Incorporation 
 Address and Telephone Number 

I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No. 

(A Nevada Corporation) 

, 

, 

Telephone 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Act. 
 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant 
 
 (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated Filer 

Non-accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes 

No 

The aggregate market value of U-Haul Holding Company common stock held by non-affiliates on September 30, 2022 was 

. The aggregate market value was computed using the closing price for the common stock trading on NASDAQ on such date. Shares held by executive officers, directors and persons owning directly or indirectly more than 5 of the outstanding common stock have been excluded from the preceding number because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

shares of Common Stock, 0.25 par value, were outstanding as of May 26, 2023. 

shares of Series N Non-Voting Common Stock, 0.001 par value, were outstanding as of May 26, 2023. 

Documents incorporated by reference: portions of U-Haul Holding Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, to be filed within 120 days after U-Haul Holding Company s fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

1 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

8 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

14 

Item 2. 

Properties 

14 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

14 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

15 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

15 

Item 6. 

[Reserved] 

16 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

17 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

30 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

32 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

32 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

32 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

37 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

37 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

37 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

37 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

37 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

37 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

37 

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits; Financial Statement Schedules 

37 

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 

1 

Part i 

Item 1. Business 

Company Overview 

We are North America s largest do-it-yourself moving and storage operator through our subsidiary U-Haul International, Inc. U-Haul ). U-Haul is synonymous with do-it-yourself moving and storage and is a leader in supplying products and services to help people move and store their household and commercial goods. Our primary service objective is to provide a better and better product and service to more and more people at a lower and lower cost. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms U-Haul Holding Company, Company, we, us, or our refer to U-Haul Holding Company, a Nevada corporation, and all of its legal subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis. 

We were founded in 1945 as a sole proprietorship under the name "U-Haul Trailer Rental Company" and have rented trailers ever since. Starting in 1959, we rented trucks on a one-way and in-town basis exclusively through independent U-Haul 
 
 dealers. In 1973, we began developing our network of U-Haul 
 
 managed retail stores, through which we rent our trucks and trailers, self-storage units and portable moving and storage units and sell moving and self-storage products and services to complement our independent dealer network. 

We rent our distinctive orange and white U-Haul 
 
 trucks and trailers as well as offer self-storage units through a network of over 2,200 Company-operated retail moving stores and nearly 21,300 independent U-Haul 
 
 dealers. We also sell U-Haul 
 
 brand boxes, tape and other moving and self-storage products and services to do-it-yourself moving and storage customers at all of our distribution outlets and through our uhaul.com 
 
 website and mobile app. 

We believe U-Haul 
 
 is the most convenient supplier of products and services addressing the needs of the United States and Canada s do-it-yourself moving and storage markets. Our broad geographic coverage throughout the United States and Canada and our extensive selection of U-Haul 
 
 brand moving equipment rentals, self-storage units, portable moving and storage units and related moving and storage products and services provide our customers with convenient one-stop shopping. 

Since 1945, U-Haul 
 
 has incorporated sustainable practices into its everyday operations. We believe that our basic business premise of equipment sharing helps reduce greenhouse gas emissions and reduces the inventory of total large capacity vehicles. We continue to look for ways to reduce waste within our business and are dedicated to manufacturing reusable components and recyclable products. We believe that our commitment to sustainability, through our products and services and everyday operations has helped us to reduce our impact on the environment. 

Through Repwest Insurance Company Repwest and ARCOA Risk Retention Group ("ARCOA"), our property and casualty insurance subsidiaries, we manage the property, liability and related insurance claims processing for U-Haul 
 
 . Oxford Life Insurance Company Oxford ), our life insurance subsidiary, sells life insurance, Medicare supplement insurance, annuities and other related products to the senior market. 

Available Information 
 
 U-Haul Holding Company SM and U-Haul are each incorporated in Nevada. The internet address for U-Haul is uhaul.com. On U-Haul Holding Company s investor relations website, investors.uhaul.com, we post the following filings as soon as practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ): our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements related to meetings of our stockholders, and any amendments to those reports or statements filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We also use our investor relations website as a means of disclosing material information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. All such filings on our website are available free of charge. Additionally, you will find these materials on the SEC s website at sec.gov. 

1 

Products and Rental Equipment 

Our customers are primarily do-it-yourself household movers. U-Haul 
 
 moving equipment is specifically designed, engineered and manufactured for the do-it-yourself household mover. These do-it-yourself movers include individuals and families moving their belongings from one home to another, college students moving their belongings, vacationers and sports enthusiasts needing extra space or having special towing needs, people trying to save on home furniture and home appliance delivery costs, and do-it-yourself home remodeling and gardening enthusiasts who need to transport materials. 

As of March 31, 2023, our rental fleet consisted of approximately 192,200 trucks, 138,500 trailers and 44,500 towing devices. This equipment and our U-Haul 
 
 brand of self-moving products and services are available through our network of managed retail moving stores and independent U-Haul dealers. Independent U-Haul 
 
 dealers receive rental equipment from the Company, act as rental agents and are paid a commission based on gross revenues generated from their U-Haul 
 
 rentals. 

Our rental truck chassis are engineered by domestic truck manufacturers. These chassis are joined with the U-Haul 
 
 designed and manufactured van boxes primarily at U-Haul 
 
 operated manufacturing and assembly facilities strategically located throughout the United States. U-Haul 
 
 rental trucks feature our proprietary Lowest Deck 
 SM 
 , which provides our customers with extra ease of loading. The loading ramps on our trucks are the widest in the industry, which reduces the effort needed to move belongings. Our trucks are fitted with convenient rub rails with tie downs on every interior wall. Our Gentle Ride Suspension 
 SM 
 helps our customers safely move delicate and prized possessions. Also, the engineers at our U-Haul Technical Center determined that the softest ride in our trucks was at the front of the van box. Consequently, we designed the part of the van box that hangs over the front cab of the truck to be the location for our customers to place their most fragile items during their move. We call this area Mom s Attic 
 
 . 

Our distinctive trailers are also manufactured at these same U-Haul 
 
 operated manufacturing and assembly facilities. These trailers are well suited to the low profile of many of today s newly manufactured automobiles including electric vehicles. Our engineering staff is committed to making our trailers easy to tow, safe, aerodynamic and fuel efficient. 

To provide our self-move customers with added value, our rental trucks and trailers are designed with fuel efficiency in mind. Many of our trucks are equipped with fuel economy gauges, another tool that assists our customers in conserving fuel. To help make our rental equipment more reliable, we routinely perform extensive preventive maintenance and repairs. 

We also provide customers with equipment to transport their vehicles. We provide two towing options: auto transport, in which all four wheels are off the ground, and a tow dolly, in which the front wheels of the towed vehicle are off the ground. 

To help our customers load their boxes and larger household appliances and furniture, we offer several accessory rental items. Our utility dolly has a lightweight design and is easy to maneuver. Another rental accessory is our four wheel dolly, which provides a large, flat surface for moving dressers, wall units, pianos and other large household items. U-Haul 
 
 appliance dollies provide the leverage needed to move refrigerators, freezers, washers and dryers easily and safely. These utility, furniture and appliance dollies, along with the low decks and the wide loading ramps on U-Haul 
 
 trucks and trailers, are designed for easy loading and unloading of our customers belongings. 

The total package U-Haul 
 
 offers to the do-it-yourself household mover doesn t end with trucks, trailers and accessory rental items. Our moving supplies include a wide array of affordably priced U-Haul 
 
 brand boxes, tape and packing materials. We also provide specialty boxes for dishes, computers, flat screen television and sensitive electronic equipment, as well as tape, security locks, and packing supplies. U-Haul 
 
 brand boxes are specifically sized to make loading easier. 

We estimate that U-Haul 
 
 is North America s largest seller and installer of hitches and towing systems. In addition to towing U-Haul 
 
 equipment, these hitching and towing systems can tow jet skis, motorcycles, boats, campers and toy haulers. Each year, millions of customers visit our locations for expertise on complete towing systems, trailer rentals and the latest in towing accessories. 
 
 U-Haul has one of North America s largest propane refilling networks, with nearly 1,200 locations providing this convenient service. We employ trained, certified personnel to refill propane cylinders and alternative fuel vehicles. Our network of propane dispensing locations is one of the largest automobile alternative refueling networks in North America. 

2 

Our self-storage business was a natural outgrowth of our self-moving operations. Conveniently located U-Haul 
 
 self-storage rental facilities provide clean, dry and secure space for storage of household and commercial goods. Storage units range in size from 6 square feet to over 1,000 square feet. As of March 31, 2023, we operate 1,904 self-storage locations in the United States and Canada, with nearly 949,000 rentable storage units comprising 81.2 million square feet of rentable storage space. Our self-storage centers feature a wide array of security measures, ranging from electronic property access control gates to individually alarmed storage units. At many centers, we offer climate-controlled storage units to protect temperature sensitive goods. 

Another extension of our strategy to make do-it-yourself moving and storage easier is our U-Box 
 
 program. 
 
 A U-Box 
 
 portable moving and storage unit is delivered to a location of our customer s choosing either by the customers themselves through the use of a U-Box 
 
 trailer, with the assistance of our Moving Help 
 
 program, or by Company personnel. Once the U-Box 
 
 portable moving and storage unit is filled, it can be stored at the customer s location, or taken to one of our Company operated locations, a participating independent dealer, or moved to a location of the customer s choice. 

Additionally, we offer moving and storage protection packages such as Safemove 
 
 and Safetow 
 
 . These programs provide moving and towing customers with a damage waiver, cargo protection and medical and life insurance coverage. Safestor 
 
 provides protection for storage customers from loss on their goods in storage. Safestor Mobile 
 
 provides protection for customers stored belongings when using our U-Box 
 
 portable moving and storage units. For our customers who desire additional coverage over and above the standard Safemove 
 
 protection, we also offer our Safemove Plus 
 
 product. This package provides the rental customer with a layer of primary liability protection. 

We believe that through our website, uhaul.com, and the U-Haul 
 
 app, we have aggregated the largest network of customers and independent businesses in the self-moving and self-storage industry. In particular, our Moving Help 
 
 program connects do-it-yourself movers with thousands of independent service providers in the United States and Canada to assist our customers in packing, loading, unloading, cleaning and performing other services. 

Through the U-Haul Storage Affiliates 
 
 program, independent storage businesses can join one of the world s largest self-storage reservation systems. Self-storage customers making a reservation through uhaul.com 
 
 or the U-Haul app can access all of the U-Haul 
 
 self-storage centers and all of our independent storage affiliate partners for even greater convenience to meet their self-storage needs. For the independent storage operator, our network gives them access to products and services allowing them to compete with larger operators more cost effectively. 

We own numerous trademarks and service marks that contribute to the identity and recognition of our Company and its products and services. Certain of these marks are integral to the conduct of our business, a loss of any of which could have a material adverse affect on our business. We consider the trademark U-Haul 
 
 to be of material importance to our business in addition, but not limited to, the U.S. trademarks and service marks AMERCO 
 
 , U-Haul Holding Company 
 SM 
 , eMove 
 
 , Gentle Ride Suspension 
 SM 
 , In-Town 
 
 , Lowest Decks 
 SM 
 , Moving made Easier 
 
 , Make Moving Easier 
 
 , Mom s Attic 
 
 , Moving Help 
 
 , Moving Helper 
 
 , Safemove 
 
 , Safemove Plus 
 
 , Safestor 
 
 , Safestor Mobile 
 
 , 
 Safetow 
 
 , 
 
 U-Box 
 
 , uhaul.com 
 
 , U-Haul Investors Club 
 
 , U-Haul Truck Share 
 
 , U-Haul Truck Share 24/7 
 
 , U-Note 
 
 , WebSelfStorage 
 
 , and U-Haul SmartMobilityCenter 
 
 , among others, for use in connection with the moving and storage business. 

Description of Operating Segments 

U-Haul Holding Company s three reportable segments are: 

Moving and Storage, comprised of U-Haul Holding Company 
 SM 
 , U-Haul 
 
 , and Amerco Real Estate Company Real Estate ), and the subsidiaries of U-Haul 
 
 and Real Estate, 

Property and Casualty Insurance, comprised of Repwest and its subsidiaries and ARCOA, and 

Life Insurance, comprised of Oxford and its subsidiaries. 

Financial information for each of our operating segments is included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements as part of Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

3 

Moving and Storage Operating Segment 

Our Moving and Storage operating segment Moving and Storage consists of the rental of trucks, trailers, portable moving and storage units, specialty rental items and self-storage spaces primarily to the household mover as well as sales of moving supplies, towing accessories and propane. Operations are conducted under the registered trade name U-Haul 
 
 throughout the United States and Canada. 

Net revenue from Moving and Storage was approximately 94.9 , 94.0 and 93.1 of consolidated net revenue in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The total number of rental trucks in the fleet increased from fiscal 2023. However, continuing supply issues with our equipment manufacturers have slowed the number of new trucks we have been able to acquire this last year. In response, we slowed the sale of trucks from our existing fleet. 

Within our truck and trailer rental operation, we are focused on expanding our independent dealer network to provide added convenience for our customers. U-Haul 
 
 maximizes vehicle utilization by managing distribution of the truck and trailer fleets among the over 2,200 Company-operated stores and nearly 21,300 independent dealers. Utilizing its proprietary reservations management system, our centers and dealers electronically report their inventory in real-time, which facilitates matching equipment to customer demand. Over half of all U-Move 
 
 rental revenue originated from our Company operated centers. 

At our owned and operated retail stores, we are implementing new initiatives to improve customer service. These initiatives include expanding the capabilities of our U-Haul 
 
 app, improving management of our rental equipment to provide our retail centers with the right type of rental equipment, at the right time and at the most convenient location for our customers, effectively marketing our broad line of self-moving related products and services, expanding accessibility to provide more convenience to our customers, and enhancing our ability to properly staff locations during our peak hours of operations by attracting and retaining moonlighters (part-time U-Haul 
 
 system members with full-time jobs elsewhere) during our peak hours of operation. 
 U-Haul offers U-Haul Truck Share 24/7 
 
 to our entire network in the United States and Canada. This technological advancement allows our customers to rent equipment through a mobile device any time of the day without having to visit the counter. U-Haul currently has several U.S. and Canadian Patents granted or pending on its U-Haul Truck Share 24/7 
 
 system. 

Our self-moving related products and services, such as boxes, pads and insurance, help our customers have a better moving experience and help them to protect their belongings from potential damage during the moving process. We are committed to providing a complete line of products selected with the do-it-yourself moving and storage customer in mind. 

Our self-storage business operations consist of the rental of 
 
 self-storage units, portable moving and storage units, sales of self-storage related products, the facilitation of sales of services, and the management of self-storage facilities owned by others. 

U-Haul 

is one of the largest North American operators of self-storage and has been a leader in the self-storage industry since 1974. U-Haul 

operates nearly 949,000 rentable storage units, comprising 81.2 million square feet of rentable storage space with locations in 50 states and 10 Canadian provinces. Our owned and managed self-storage facility locations range in size up to 309,000 square feet of storage space, with individual storage units in sizes ranging from 6 square feet to over 1,000 square feet. 

The primary market for storage units is the storage of household goods. We believe that our self-storage services provide a competitive advantage through such things as Max Security, an electronic system that monitors the storage facility 24 hours a day, climate control in select units, individually alarmed units, extended hours access, interior load and unload at selected locations, mobile device enabled rentals and an internet-based customer reservation and account management system. 
 
 Moving Help and U-Haul Storage Affiliates on uhaul.com are online marketplaces that connect consumers to independent Moving Help service providers and thousands of independent Self-Storage Affiliates. Our network of customer-rated Moving Help and storage affiliates provide pack and load help, cleaning help, self-storage and similar services all over the United States and Canada. Our goal is to further utilize our web-based technology platform, including our U-Haul app, to increase service to consumers and businesses in the moving and storage market. 

4 

Compliance with environmental requirements of federal, state, provincial and local governments affects our business. Our truck and trailer rental business is subject to regulation by various federal, state, provincial and local regulations in the United States and Canada. Specifically, the U.S. Department of Transportation and various state, federal and Canadian agencies exercise broad powers over our motor carrier operations, safety, and the generation, handling, storage, treatment and disposal of waste materials. In addition, our storage business is also subject to federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. Environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and could become more stringent in the future. 

Moving and Storage business is seasonal and our results of operations and cash flows fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. Historically, revenues have been stronger in the first and second fiscal quarters due to the overall increase in moving activity during the spring and summer months. The fourth fiscal quarter is generally our weakest. 

Property and Casualty Insurance Operating Segment 

Our Property and Casualty Insurance operating segment Property and Casualty Insurance provides loss adjusting and claims handling for U-Haul through regional offices across the United States and Canada. Property and Casualty Insurance also underwrites components of the Safemove 
 
 , Safetow 
 
 , Safemove Plus 
 
 , Safestor Mobile 
 
 and Safestor 
 
 protection packages to U-Haul customers. We attempt to price our products to be a good value to our customers. The business plan for Property and Casualty Insurance includes offering property and casualty products in other U-Haul related programs. 

Net revenue from Property and Casualty Insurance was approximately 1.7 , 1.9 and 1.9 of consolidated net revenue in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Life Insurance Operating Segment 

Life Insurance provides life and health insurance products primarily to the senior market through the direct writing and reinsuring of life insurance, Medicare supplement and annuity policies. 

Net revenue from Life Insurance was approximately 3.4 , 4.1 and 5.0 of consolidated net revenue in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Human Capital 

We work at never forgetting that our quality self-move, self-storage, and closely related services and products are meant to improve human lives and serve the do-it-yourself moving public. 
 
 We believe our workforce is a reflection of, and as diverse as the customers we serve. 
 
 Discrimination based on race, gender, religion, age, ethnicity, disability familial status or any other form of discrimination prohibited by applicable law in the acquisition, promotion, compensation, management or retention of talent is not accepted. 
 
 We do not use a single or fixed set of measures or objectives as part of our recruitment and talent acquisition process or human resource management. 

System Members 

As of March 31, 2023, we employed approximately 33,100 people in the United States and approximately 2,000 in Canada with approximately 99 of these system members working within Moving and Storage and approximately 51 of these system members working on a full-time basis. 

The Company operates over 2,200 retail locations, 11 manufacturing and assembly facilities, 151 fixed-site repair facilities, a distribution center and our corporate offices. 
 
 We hire system members from the communities in which we are located and prefer to promote from within our team. 

Benefits 

We focus on our system members wellness over the course of their life, from physical and emotional to financial. 

Our health benefit program provides medical, dental and vision benefits. Participation in the health benefit program also includes access to our Healthier You wellness program that offers system members tools to enable them to live a healthier lifestyle. This wellness program encompasses nutritional guidance, smoking cessation and fitness alternatives. We also make available a system members assistance program focusing on mental health called You Matter, which offers counseling, work-life solutions and legal guidance. 

5 

We encourage a work-life balance for our system members and their families through paid time off and various leave options as well as special benefits including a healthy pregnancy program and a 24/7 doctor-on-call program for their children. 

Financial benefits are a critical component of our system members wellness. 
 
 These benefits include competitive salaries, participation in our Employee Stock Ownership Plan ESOP and 401(k) plan, life and disability insurance, health savings accounts, and the SmartDollar 
 
 financial literacy program. 

Education and Development 

The Company encourages life-long personal and professional development for our system members. 
 
 We do this by offering our system members and our independent dealers free access to our on-line U-Haul University courses that are critical for the development of specialized industry knowledge and to the safety of our team. 
 
 To support more generalized education for our system members, we also provide a tuition reimbursement program. 

Community 

We value our relationship with the communities in which we do business. We offer community outreach through volunteer opportunities for our system members, as well as in-kind donations of equipment, products, and services. We are a strong supporter of military members and their families by way of employment opportunities as well as partnering with military and veteran organizations to support and honor those who have served. 

Sales and Marketing 

We promote U-Haul 
 
 brand awareness through direct and co-marketing arrangements. Our direct marketing activities consist of web-based initiatives, print and social media as well as trade events, movie and television cameos of our rental fleet and boxes, television commercials, and industry and consumer communications. We believe that our rental equipment is our best form of advertisement. We support our independent U-Haul 
 
 dealers through marketing U-Haul 
 
 moving and self-storage rentals, products and services. 

Our marketing plan focuses on maintaining our leadership position in the do-it-yourself moving and storage industry by continually improving the ease of use and economy of our rental equipment, by providing added convenience to our retail centers, through independent U-Haul dealers, and by expanding the capabilities of our U-Haul 
 
 websites and U-Haul 
 
 app. 

A significant driver of rental transaction volume is our utilization of an online reservation and sales system, through uhaul.com 
 
 and our 24-hour 1-800-GO-U-HAUL telephone reservations system. These points of contact are prominently featured and are a major driver of customer lead sources. 

Competition 

Moving and Storage Operating Segment 

The truck rental industry is highly competitive and includes a number of significant national, regional and local competitors. Generally speaking, we consider there to be two distinct users of rental trucks: commercial and do-it-yourself residential users. We primarily focus on the do-it-yourself residential user. Within this segment, we believe the principal competitive factors are convenience of rental locations, availability of quality rental moving equipment, breadth of essential products and services, and total cost to the user. Our major national competitors in both the in-town and one-way moving equipment rental market include Avis Budget Group, Inc. and Penske Truck Leasing. We have numerous competitors throughout the United States and Canada who compete with us in the in-town market. 
 
 The self-storage market is large and fragmented. We believe the principal competitive factors in this industry are convenience of storage rental locations, cleanliness, security and price. Our largest competitors in the self-storage market are Public Storage Inc., CubeSmart, Extra Space Storage, Inc., and Life Storage, Inc. 

6 

Insurance Operating Segments 

The insurance industry is highly competitive. In addition, the marketplace includes financial services firms offering both insurance and financial products. Some of the insurance companies are owned by stockholders and others are owned by policyholders. Many competitors have been in business for a longer period of time or possess substantially greater financial resources and broader product portfolios than our insurance companies. We compete in the insurance business based upon price, product design, and services rendered to agents and policyholders. 

Financial Data of Segment and Geographic Areas 

For financial data of our segments and geographic areas please see Note 22, Financial Information by Geographic Area, and Note 22A, Consolidating Financial Information by Industry Segment, of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report ), contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results of operations. We may make additional written or oral forward-looking statements from time to time in filings with the SEC or otherwise. We believe such forward-looking statements are within the meaning of the safe-harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, the risk associated with COVID-19 or similar events on system members or customers; the impact of the economic environment on demand for our products and the cost and availability of debt and capital; estimates of capital expenditures; plans for future operations, products or services, financing needs, and strategies; our perceptions of our legal positions and anticipated outcomes of government investigations and pending litigation against us; liquidity and the availability of financial resources to meet our needs, goals and strategies; plans for new business, storage occupancy, growth rate assumptions, pricing, costs, and access to capital and leasing markets; the impact of our compliance with environmental laws and cleanup costs; our beliefs regarding our sustainability practices; our used vehicle disposition strategy; the sources and availability of funds for our rental equipment and self-storage expansion and replacement strategies and plans; our plan to expand our U-Haul 
 
 storage affiliate program; that additional leverage can be supported by our operations and business; the availability of alternative vehicle manufacturers; the availability and economics of electric vehicles for our rental fleet; our estimates of the residual values of our equipment fleet; our plans with respect to off-balance sheet arrangements; our plans to continue to invest in the U-Box 
 
 program; the impact of interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate changes on our operations; the sufficiency of our capital resources; the sufficiency of capital of our insurance subsidiaries; inflationary pressures that may challenge our ability to maintain or improve upon our operating margin; and expectations regarding the potential impact to our information technology infrastructure and on our financial performance and business operations of technology, cybersecurity or data security breaches, including any related costs, fines or lawsuits, and our ability to continue ongoing operations and safeguard the integrity of our information technology infrastructure, data, and employee, customer and vendor information, as well as assumptions relating to the foregoing. The words believe, expect, anticipate, plan, may, will, could, estimate, project and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. Factors that could significantly affect results include, without limitation, the risk factors enumerated below under the heading Risk Factors and other factors described in this Annual Report or the other documents we file with the SEC. These factors, the following disclosures, as well as other statements in this Annual Report and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, could contribute to or cause such risks or uncertainties, or could cause our stock price to fluctuate dramatically. Consequently, the forward-looking statements should not be regarded as representations or warranties by us that such matters will be realized. We assume no obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, unforeseen events, changed circumstances or otherwise, except as required by law. 

7 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

The following important risk factors, and those risk factors described elsewhere in this Annual Report or in our other filings with the SEC, could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. We also refer you to the factors and cautionary language set forth in the section entitled Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, above. All of the other information set forth in this Annual Report, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A and the consolidated financial statements and related notes, should be read in conjunction with the discussion of such risks, cautionary statements and other factors for a full understanding of our operations and financial conditions. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. The following risks are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 

Risks Related to our Business and Operations 

Our fleet rotation program can be adversely affected by financial market conditions. 

To meet the needs of our customers, U-Haul maintains a large fleet of rental equipment. Our rental truck fleet rotation program is funded internally through operations and externally from debt and lease financing. Our ability to fund our routine fleet rotation program could be adversely affected if financial market conditions limit the general availability of external financing. This could lead us to operate trucks longer than initially planned and/or reduce the size of the fleet, either of which could materially and negatively affect our results of operations. 

Another important aspect of our fleet rotation program is the sale of used rental equipment. The sale of used equipment provides us with funds that can be used to purchase new equipment. Conditions may arise that could lead to the decrease in demand and/or resale values for our used equipment. This could have a material adverse effect on our financial results, which could result in substantial losses on the sale of equipment and decreases in cash flows from the sales of equipment. 

We obtain our rental trucks from a limited number of manufacturers. 

Over the last twenty years, we have purchased the majority of our rental trucks from Ford Motor Company and General Motors Corporation. Our fleet can be negatively affected by issues our manufacturers may face within their own supply chains. Also, it is possible that our suppliers may face financial difficulties, government regulations or organizational changes which could negatively impact their ability to accept future orders from U-Haul or fulfill existing orders. 

In addition, the cost of acquiring new rental trucks could increase materially and negatively affect our ability to rotate new equipment into the fleet. Although we believe that we could contract with alternative manufacturers for our rental trucks, we cannot guarantee or predict how long that would take. In addition, termination of our existing relationship with these suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations for an indefinite period of time. 

A significant portion of our revenues are generated through third-parties. 

Our business plan relies upon a network of independent dealers strategically located throughout the United States and Canada. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023 we had nearly 21,300 independent equipment rental dealers. 
 
 In fiscal 2023, just under half of all U-Move 
 
 rental revenue originated through this network. 

Our inability to maintain this network or its current cost structure could inhibit our ability to adequately serve our customers and could negatively affect our results of operations and financial position. 

The introduction or expansion of laws or regulations favoring electric, autonomous, connected and shared vehicles may negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 Regulatory pressure in connection with the introduction and expansion of electric, autonomous and connected rental vehicles could negatively impact our ability to acquire, or our cost of acquisition for rental trucks and require infrastructure improvements that could inhibit our current business model. Our Company-operated locations and independent dealer network may require physical upgrades to accommodate these types of vehicles that are uneconomical and/or unachievable. Our one-way rental business would depend on an in-transit recharging network throughout the United States and Canada that simply does not exist today, and that, if and when completed, may be so costly or require so much charging time as to substantially limit our ability to serve customers needing to move long distances. 

8 

We cooperate with original equipment manufacturers OEM s), maintain and train our own technical experts and operate an equipment Technical Center that has positioned us as an industry leader in innovation for over fifty years. 
 
 However, the proposed changes to electric, autonomous and connected vehicles raises challenges of enormous scale. 
 
 Our repair and maintenance infrastructures, including both physical plants as well as personnel, may be inappropriate for these new types of vehicles. 
 
 Without such repair and maintenance capabilities it could compromise our ability to operate a fleet of such vehicles. 
 
 We may also need to depend upon third party providers for some of those services, and they may not be able to provide workable solutions. There is a risk that we may not be able to adequately prepare for these possibilities. In addition, even if we successfully adapt to any such changes, there can be no guarantee that our fleet or services as adapted would meet the needs of our do-it-yourself moving and storage customers, or that we would be able to offer our products and services at prices our customers would be willing or able to pay. 

The growing insistence that the future of the economy will be based on an all-electric solution instead of a hybrid version or other alternative fuels may create an infrastructure in which personal interstate travel will be uneconomical or severely regulated. 
 
 This would impact the moving business. 
 
 There may be areas of North America where a charging grid with adequate capacity for our customers may not exist. 

U-Haul has already made significant progress on several initiatives aimed at these future possibilities including: TruckShare 24/7 
 
 , contactless rentals, a North American propane alternative fuel network, alternative fuel test vehicles and close OEM working relationships. However, these initiatives may not enable us to successfully adapt to the requirements of a changed regulatory environment favoring or requiring all-electric or specific alternative fuel solutions. Government regulators may knowingly or unknowingly choose the winners and losers in this evolving transportation environment. 
 
 There remains a possibility that governments may not select U-Haul customers and U-Haul to be among the winners. 

We face liability risks associated with the operation of our rental fleet, sales of our products and operation of our locations. 

The business of renting moving and storage equipment to customers exposes us to liability claims including property damage, personal injury and even death. Likewise, the operation of our moving and storage centers along with the sale of our related moving supplies, towing accessories and installation, and refilling of propane tanks may subject us to liability claims. 
 
 We seek to limit the occurrence of such events through the design of our equipment, communication of its proper use, exhaustive repair and maintenance schedules, extensive training of our personnel, proactive risk management assessments and by providing our customers with online resources for the proper use of products and services. 
 
 Regardless, accidents still occur and we manage the financial risk of these events through third party insurance carriers. While these excess loss and property insurance policies are available today at reasonable costs, this could change and could negatively affect our results of operations and financial position. 

We are highly dependent upon our automated systems and the Internet for managing our business. 

Our information systems are largely Internet-based, including our point-of-sale reservation system, payment processing and telephone systems. 
 
 While our reliance on this technology lowers our cost of providing service and expands our abilities to better serve customers, it exposes us to various risks including natural and man-made disasters, terrorist attacks and cyber-attacks. 
 
 We have put into place extensive security protocols, backup systems and alternative procedures to mitigate these risks. 
 
 However, disruptions or breaches, detected or undetected by us, for any period of time in any portion of these systems could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and inflict reputational damage. 
 
 In addition, the provision of service to our customers and the operation of our networks and systems involve the storage and transmission of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of customers, system members and others. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, malicious insiders, or catastrophic events. Hackers, acting individually or in coordinated groups, may also launch distributed denial of service attacks or ransom or other coordinated attacks that may cause service outages or other interruptions in our business and access to our data. In addition, breaches in security could expose us, our customers, or the individuals affected, to a risk of loss or misuse of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, may be difficult to detect for a long time and often are not 

9 

recognized until launched against a target. As a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. 

Any of these occurrences could result in disruptions in our operations, the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to our brand and reputation, and litigation and potential liability for the Company. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of implementing further data or system protection measures could be significant and our efforts to deter, identify, mitigate and/or eliminate any security breaches may not be successful. 

In 2022 and 2021, we experienced a cybersecurity incident which is described in this Annual Report under the headings Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation Cybersecurity Incident . 

We may incur losses due to our reinsurers or counterparties failure to perform under existing contracts or we may be unable to secure sufficient reinsurance or hedging protection in the future. 

We use reinsurance and derivative contracts to mitigate our risk of loss in various circumstances. These agreements do not release us from our primary obligations and therefore we remain ultimately responsible for these potential costs. We cannot provide assurance that these reinsurers or counterparties will fulfill their obligations. Their inability or unwillingness to make payments to us under the terms of the contracts may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

As of December 31, 2022, Repwest reported 0.4 million of reinsurance recoverables, net of allowances and 41.3 million of reserves and liabilities ceded to reinsurers. Of this, Repwest s largest exposure to a single reinsurer was 26.3 million. 

Risks Related to our Industry 

We operate in a highly competitive industry. 

The truck rental industry is highly competitive and includes a number of significant national, regional and local competitors, many of which are several times larger than U-Haul. We believe the principal competitive factors in this industry are convenience of rental locations, availability of quality rental moving equipment, breadth of essential services and products and total cost. Financial results for the Company can be adversely impacted by aggressive pricing from our competitors. Some of our competitors may have greater financial resources than we have. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain existing rental prices or implement price increases. Moreover, if our competitors reduce prices and we are not able or willing to do so as well, we may lose rental volume, which would likely have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations. Numerous potential competitors are working to establish paradigm shifting technologies from self-driving vehicles to ride-hailing services and other technologies that connect riders with vehicles. 
 
 The self-storage industry is large and highly fragmented. We believe the principal competitive factors in this industry are convenience of storage rental locations, cleanliness, security and price. Competition in the market areas in which we operate is significant and affects the occupancy levels, rental rates and operating expenses of our facilities. Competition might cause us to experience a decrease in occupancy levels, limit our ability to raise rental rates or require us to offer discounted rates that would have a material effect on results of operations and financial condition. Entry into the self-storage business may be accomplished through the acquisition of existing facilities by persons or institutions with the required initial capital. Development of new self-storage facilities is more difficult however, due to land use, zoning, environmental and other regulatory requirements. The self-storage industry has in the past experienced overbuilding in response to perceived increases in demand. Consolidation of ownership is taking place with certain owners of self-storage. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully compete in existing markets or expand into new markets. 

10 

Economic conditions, including those related to the credit markets, interest rates and inflation, may adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. 

Consumer and commercial spending is generally affected by the health of the economy, which places some of the factors affecting the success of our business beyond our control. Our businesses, although not as traditionally cyclical as some, could experience significant downturns in connection with or in anticipation of, declines in general economic conditions. In times of declining consumer spending we may be driven, along with our competitors, to reduce pricing, which would have a negative impact on gross profit. 
 
 We cannot predict if another downturn in the economy will occur, which could result in reduced revenues and working capital. 

Trends in the economy are resulting in inflationary pressures leading to an increase in our cost of doing business. We cannot guarantee that we can manage the costs lower or pass them along in the form of higher prices to our customers. 

Should credit markets in the United States tighten or if interest rates increase significantly, we may not be able to refinance existing debt or find additional financing on favorable terms, if at all. 
 
 If one or more of the financial institutions that support our existing credit facilities fails or opts not to continue to lend to us, we may not be able to find a replacement, which would negatively impact our ability to borrow under credit facilities. 
 
 If our operating results were to worsen significantly and our cash flows or capital resources prove inadequate, or if interest rates increase significantly, we could face liquidity problems that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

A.M. Best financial strength ratings are crucial to our life insurance business. 

In August 2022, A.M. Best affirmed the financial strength rating FSR for Oxford and Christian Fidelity Life Insurance Company CFLIC of A. The FSR outlook remains stable. In addition, A.M. Best affirmed the long-term issuer credit rating LTICR of a . The LTICR outlook of these ratings is stable. Financial strength ratings are important external factors that can affect the success of Oxford s business plans. Accordingly, if Oxford s ratings, relative to its competitors, are not maintained or do not continue to improve, Oxford may not be able to retain and attract business as currently planned, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Risks Related to our Financings 

We are highly leveraged. 

As of March 31, 2023, we had total debt outstanding of 6,143.4 million and operating lease liabilities of 58.4 million. Although we believe, based on existing information, that additional leverage can be supported by our operations and revenues, our existing debt could impact us in the following ways among other considerations: 

require us to allocate a considerable portion of cash flows from operations to debt service and lease payments; 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 

limit our ability to obtain additional financing; and 

place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors who may have less debt. 

Our ability to make payments on our debt and leases depends upon our ability to maintain and improve our operating performance and generate cash flow. To some extent, this is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt and meet our other cash needs, including our leases, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness and leases. If we must sell our assets, it may negatively affect our ability to generate revenue. In addition, we may incur additional debt or leases that would exacerbate the risks associated with our indebtedness. 

11 

Risks Related to our Organization 

A majority of our Voting Common Stock is owned by a small contingent of stockholders. 

Willow Grove Holdings LP, directly and through controlled entities WGHLP ), owns 9,791,911 shares of our common stock, 0.25 par value per share Voting Common Stock ), and together with Edward J. Shoen and Mark V. Shoen, owns 9,828,542 shares (approximately 50.1 of Voting Common Stock. The general partner of WGHLP controls the voting and disposition decisions with respect to the Voting Common Stock owned by WGHLP, and is managed by Edward J. Shoen (the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of U-Haul Holding Company) and his brother, Mark V. Shoen. Accordingly, Edward J. Shoen and Mark V. Shoen are in a position to significantly influence our business and policies, including the approval of certain significant transactions, the election of the members of our board of directors (the Board and other matters submitted to our stockholders. There can be no assurance that their interests will not conflict with the interests of our other stockholders. 

Furthermore, we are a controlled company within the meaning of the New York Stock Exchange corporate governance standards. 
 Under these corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or another company is a 
 
 controlled company 
 
 and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance standards, including the requirements (1) that a majority of our Board consist of independent directors, (2) that our Board have a compensation committee that consists entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities, and (3) that our director nominations be made, or recommended to our full Board, by our independent directors or by a nominations committee that consists entirely of independent directors and that we adopt a written charter or board resolution addressing the nomination process. The Company has not made any election relating to compliance with any of these corporate governance standards. 

In addition, 836,228 shares (approximately 4.3 of our Voting Common Stock are owned under our ESOP. 
 
 Each ESOP participant is entitled to vote the shares allocated to himself or herself in their discretion. 
 
 In the event an ESOP participant does not vote his or her shares, such shares shall be voted by the ESOP trustee, in the ESOP trustee s discretion. 

The trading price for our outstanding Voting Common Stock may continue to be volatile and the trading price for our newly distributed Series N Non-Voting Common Stock may also be volatile. 

An Independent Special Committee of the Board authorized the creation of a new Series of Common Stock, designated as Series N Non-Voting Common Stock, par value of 0.001 per share (the Non-Voting Common Stock ). This series of stock is in addition to our pre-existing class of Voting Common Stock. On November 9, 2022, each holder of our Voting Common Stock as of November 3, 2022 received nine shares of Non-Voting Common Stock for every outstanding share of Voting Common Stock through a stock dividend. 

The Non-Voting Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, and we cannot predict whether, or to what extent, a liquid trading market will develop long-term for the Non-Voting Common Stock. If a liquid trading market does not develop or if the Non-Voting Common Stock is not attractive to retail investors, including team members and customers of the Company, we may not achieve our objectives in creating this new class. 

The trading price of our stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility and may continue to be volatile, including as a result of the distribution of shares of Non-Voting Common Stock. The market prices of our two series of stock and the allocation of value between the two may be volatile and their respective values may decline. The trading price of our Voting Common Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock may fluctuate widely in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among others: 

Quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors. 

Announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships, or capital commitments. 

Recommendations by securities analysts or changes in earnings estimates. 

Announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations. 

Announcements by our competitors of their earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations. 

12 

Commentary by industry and market professionals about our products, strategies, and other matters affecting our business and results, regardless of its accuracy. 

The volume of shares of Voting Common Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock available for public sale. 

Sales of Voting Common Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock by us or by our stockholders (including sales by our directors, executive officers, and other employees). 

Short sales, hedging, and other derivative transactions on shares of our Voting Common Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock. 

The perceived values of Voting Common Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock relative to one another. 

Risks Related to Legal, Regulatory and Compliance 

Our operations subject us to numerous environmental laws and regulations and the possibility that environmental liability in the future could adversely affect our operations. 

Compliance with environmental requirements of federal, state, provincial and local governments in the United States and Canada affects our business. Among other things, these requirements regulate the discharge of materials into the air, land and water and govern the use and disposal of hazardous substances. Under environmental laws or common law principles, we can be held liable for hazardous substances that are found on real property we have owned or operated. We are aware of issues regarding hazardous substances on some of our real estate and we have put in place a remediation plan at each site where we believe such a plan is necessary. See Note 19, Contingencies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We regularly make capital and operating expenditures to stay in compliance with environmental laws. In particular, we have managed a testing and removal program since 1988 for our underground storage tanks. 
 
 Despite these compliance efforts, the risk of environmental liability is part of the nature of our business. 

Environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and could become more stringent in the future. We cannot assure you that future compliance with these laws and regulations, future environmental liabilities, the cost of defending environmental claims, conducting any environmental remediation or generally resolving liabilities caused by us or related third parties will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We operate in a highly regulated industry and changes in existing laws and regulations or violations of existing or future laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability. 

Our truck, trailer and U-Box rental business is subject to regulation by various federal, state and provincial governmental entities in the United States and Canada. Specifically, the U.S. Department of Transportation and various state, federal and Canadian agencies exercise broad powers over our motor carrier operations, safety, and the generation, handling, storage, treatment and disposal of waste materials. In addition, our storage business is also subject to federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and human health and safety, among other matters. The failure to comply with these laws and regulations may adversely affect our ability to sell or rent such property or to use the property as collateral for future borrowings. Compliance with changing laws and regulations could substantially impair real property and equipment productivity and increase our costs. 

In addition, the federal government may institute some regulation that limits carbon emissions by setting a maximum amount of carbon individual entities can emit without penalty. This would likely affect everyone who uses fossil fuels and would disproportionately affect users in the highway transportation industries. While there are too many variables at this time to assess the impact of the various proposed federal and state regulations that could affect carbon emissions, many experts believe these proposed rules could significantly affect the way companies operate in their businesses. 
 
 The Biden administration has also communicated its willingness to consider the imposition of carbon-based taxes. Our truck rental fleet burns gasoline, a carbon intensive fuel. Where in the supply chain and in what amount these taxes could arise is uncertain. We have no evidence to support a belief that do-it-yourself moving customers are willing to accept these additional costs. Should such a tax be enacted, we could see an increase in expenses, including compliance costs and a negative effect on our operating margin. 

13 

Our operations can be limited by land-use regulations. Zoning choices enacted by individual municipalities in the United States and Canada may limit our ability to serve certain markets with our products and services. 

Our insurance companies are heavily regulated by state insurance departments and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. These insurance regulations are primarily in place to protect the interests of our policyholders and not our investors. Changes in these laws and regulations could increase our costs, inhibit new sales, or limit our ability to implement rate increases. 

Recent changes to U.S. tax laws may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations and create the risk that we may need to adjust our accounting for these changes. 

The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Tax Reform Act and the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act made significant changes to U.S. tax laws and includes numerous provisions that affect businesses, including ours. 
 
 For instance, as a result of lower corporate tax rates, the Tax Reform Act tends to reduce both the value of deferred tax assets and the amount of deferred tax liabilities. 
 
 It also limits interest expense deductions and the amount of net operating losses that can be used each year and alters the expensing of capital expenditures. Other provisions have international tax consequences for businesses like ours that operate internationally. The CARES Act allows for the carryback of certain net operating losses. The Tax Reform Act is unclear in certain respects and will require interpretations and implementing regulations by the Internal Revenue Service IRS ), as well as state tax authorities, and the Tax Reform Act and CARES Act could be subject to amendments and technical corrections, any of which could lessen or increase the adverse (and positive) impacts of these acts. The Tax Reform Act put into place 100 first year bonus depreciation. This decreased to 80 starting in 2023 and will continue to gradually decrease in future years and will impact our tax liability. The accounting treatment of these tax law changes was complex, and some of the changes affected both current and future periods. 
 
 Others primarily affected future periods. 
 
 Additional changes to the U.S. tax code could negatively offset operating cashflows. 

Changes to tax policy, corporate tax rates or interpretations of existing tax law could change our effective tax rate, reduce future expected tax deductions and increase current and future federal income tax payments. 
 
 Congress and the Biden administration have proposed increases to the current U.S. corporate income tax rate of 21 . 
 
 Any such changes could adversely impact our financial position and results of operations. 

General Risk Factors 

Terrorist attacks could negatively impact our operations and profitability and may expose us to liability and reputational damage. 

Terrorist attacks may negatively affect our operations and profitability. 
 
 Such attacks may damage our facilities and it is also possible that our rental equipment could be involved in a terrorist attack. 
 
 Although we carry excess of loss insurance coverage, it may prove to be insufficient to cover us for acts of terror using our rental equipment. 
 
 Moreover, we may suffer reputational damage that could arise from a terrorist attack which utilizes our rental equipment. The consequences of any terrorist attacks or hostilities are unpredictable and difficult to quantify. 
 
 We seek to minimize these risks through our operational processes and procedures; however, we may not be able to foresee events that could have an adverse effect on our operations. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

The Company, through its legal subsidiaries, owns property, plant and equipment that are utilized in the manufacturing, repair and rental of U-Haul 

equipment and storage space, as well as providing office space for us. Such facilities exist throughout the United States and Canada. We also manage storage facilities owned by others. We operate over 2,200 U-Haul 

retail centers of which 494 U-Haul branded locations are managed for subsidiaries of WGHLP and Mercury Partners, L.P., and 11 manufacturing and assembly facilities. We also operate over 151 fixed-site repair facilities located throughout the United States and Canada. These facilities are used primarily for the benefit of Moving and Storage. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Please see Note 19, Contingencies, of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

14 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Part ii 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

U-Haul Holding Company s two classes of common stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbols UHAL for our Voting Common Stock and UHAL.B for our Non-Voting Common Stock. As of March 31, 2023, there were approximately 3,300 holders of record of our Voting Common Stock and approximately 3,400 holders of record of our Non-Voting Common Stock. We derived the number of our stockholders using internal stock ledgers and utilizing Mellon Investor Services Stockholder listings. 

Dividends 

We do not have a formal dividend policy for its Voting Common Stock (UHAL). 
 
 We do have a dividend policy for our Non-Voting Common Stock (UHAL.B), which provides that unless the Board otherwise determines in its sole discretion, it is the Company s policy to declare and pay a quarterly cash dividend of 0.04 per share. The Board periodically considers the advisability of declaring and paying dividends to holders of each of our two classes of common stock in light of existing circumstances. 

The following table lists the dividends that were declared and issued for fiscal 2023 and 2022. 

Voting Common Stock Dividends 

Declared Date 

Per Share Amount 

Record Date 

Dividend Date 

August 18, 2022 

0.50 

September 6, 2022 

September 20, 2022 

April 6, 2022 

0.50 

April 18, 2022 

April 29, 2022 

October 6, 2021 

0.50 

October 18, 2021 

October 29, 2021 

August 19, 2021 

0.50 

September 7, 2021 

September 21, 2021 

June 9, 2021 

0.50 

June 24, 2021 

July 8, 2021 

Non-Voting Common Stock Dividends 

Declared Date 

Per Share Amount 

Record Date 

Dividend Date 

March 3, 2023 

0.04 

March 14, 2023 

March 27, 2023 

December 7, 2022 

0.04 

December 19, 2022 

December 30, 2022 

See Note 21, Statutory Financial Information of Insurance Subsidiaries, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of certain statutory restrictions on the ability of the insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to U-Haul Holding Company. 

15 

Performance Graph 

The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on the Company s Voting Common Stock (UHAL) and Non-Voting Common Stock (UHAL.B) for the period March 31, 2018 through March 31, 2023 with the cumulative total return on the Dow Jones US Total Market and the Dow Jones US Transportation Average. The comparison assumes that 100 was invested on March 31, 2018 in the Company s common stock and in each of the comparison indices. The graph reflects the value of the investment based on the closing price of the common stock trading on the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ Global Select Market on March 31, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023. 

Fiscal years ended March 31: 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

2023 

U-Haul Holding Company - UHAL 

100 

108 

85 

180 

178 

176 

U-Haul Holding Company - UHAL.B 

100 

108 

85 

180 

178 

153 

Dow Jones US Total Market 

100 

108 

91 

137 

146 

138 

Dow Jones US Transportation Average 

100 

100 

74 

141 

159 

139 

Item 6.[Reserved] 

Reserved. 

16 

Item 7.Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

We begin this MD A with the overall strategy of U-Haul Holding Company, followed by a description of, and strategy related to, our operating segments to give the reader an overview of the goals of our businesses and the direction in which our businesses and products are moving. We then discuss our critical accounting estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results. Next, we discuss our results of operations for fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022, which are followed by an analysis of liquidity changes in our balance sheets and cash flows, and a discussion of our financial commitments in the sections entitled Liquidity and Capital Resources and Disclosures about Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments. The discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended March 31, 2021 included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2022 is incorporated by reference into this MD A. We conclude this MD A by discussing our outlook for fiscal 2024. 

This MD A should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this Annual Report, including Item 1: Business and Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The various sections of this MD A contain a number of forward-looking statements, as discussed under the caption, Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risk factors described throughout this Annual Report and particularly under the section Item 1A: Risk Factors. Our actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. 

U-Haul Holding Company has a fiscal year that ends on the 31 
 st 
 of March for each year that is referenced. Our insurance company subsidiaries have fiscal years that end on the 31 
 st 
 of December for each year that is referenced. They have been consolidated on that basis. Our insurance companies financial reporting processes conform to calendar year reporting as required by state insurance departments. Management believes that consolidating their calendar year into our fiscal year financial statements does not materially affect the presentation of financial position or results of operations. We disclose all material events, if any, occurring during the intervening period. Consequently, all references to our insurance subsidiaries years 2022, 2021 and 2020 correspond to fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 for U-Haul Holding Company. 

Overall Strategy 

Our overall strategy is to maintain our leadership position in the North American do-it-yourself moving and storage industry. We accomplish this by providing a seamless and integrated supply chain to the do-it-yourself moving and storage market. As part of executing this strategy, we leverage the brand recognition of U-Haul 
 
 with our full line of moving and self-storage related products and services and the convenience of our broad geographic presence. 

Our primary focus is to provide our customers with a wide selection of moving rental equipment, convenient self-storage rental facilities and portable moving and storage units and related moving and self-storage products and services. We are able to expand our distribution and improve customer service by increasing the amount of moving equipment and storage units and portable moving and storage units available for rent, expanding the number of independent dealers in our network and expanding and taking advantage of our Storage Affiliate and Moving Help 
 
 capabilities. 

Property and Casualty Insurance is focused on providing and administering property and casualty insurance to U-Haul and its customers, its independent dealers and affiliates. 

Life Insurance is focused on long-term capital growth through direct writing and reinsuring of life, Medicare supplement and annuity products in the senior marketplace. 

Description of Operating Segments 

U-Haul Holding Company s three reportable segments are: 

Moving and Storage, comprised of U-Haul Holding Company, U-Haul, and Real Estate and the subsidiaries of U-Haul and Real Estate; 

Property and Casualty Insurance, comprised of Repwest and its subsidiaries and ARCOA; and 
 
 Life Insurance, comprised of Oxford and its subsidiaries. 

17 

See Note 1, Basis of Presentation, Note 22, Financial Information by Geographic Area, and Note 22A, Consolidating Financial Information by Industry Segment, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report. 

Moving and Storage Operating Segment 

Moving and Storage consists of the rental of trucks, trailers, portable moving and storage units, specialty rental items and self-storage spaces primarily to the household mover as well as sales of moving supplies, towing accessories and propane. Operations are conducted under the registered trade name U-Haul 
 
 throughout the United States and Canada. 

With respect to our truck, trailer, specialty rental items and self-storage rental business, we are focused on expanding our dealer network, which provides added convenience for our customers and expanding the selection and availability of rental equipment to satisfy the needs of our customers. 

U-Haul 
 
 branded self-moving related products and services, such as boxes, pads and tape allow our customers to, among other things, protect their belongings from potential damage during the moving process. We are committed to providing a complete line of products selected with the do-it-yourself moving and storage customer in mind. 

uhaul.com 
 
 is an online marketplace that connects consumers to our operations as well as independent Moving Help 
 
 service providers and thousands of independent Self-Storage Affiliates. Our network of customer-rated affiliates and service providers furnish pack and load help, cleaning help, self-storage and similar services throughout the United States and Canada. Our goal is to further utilize our web-based technology platform to increase service to consumers and businesses in the moving and storage market. 

U-Haul s mobile app, Truck Share 24/7, Skip-the-Counter Self-Storage rentals and Self-checkout for moving supplies provide our customers methods for conducting business with us directly via their mobile devices and also limiting physical exposure. 

Since 1945, U-Haul has incorporated sustainable practices into its everyday operations. We believe that our basic business premise of equipment sharing helps reduce greenhouse gas emissions and reduces the inventory of total large capacity vehicles. We continue to look for ways to reduce waste within our business and are dedicated to manufacturing reusable components and recyclable products. We believe that our commitment to sustainability, through our products and services and everyday operations has helped us to reduce our impact on the environment. 

Property and Casualty Insurance Operating Segment 

Property and Casualty Insurance provides loss adjusting and claims handling for U-Haul through regional offices in the United States and Canada. Property and Casualty Insurance also underwrites components of the Safemove 
 
 , Safetow 
 
 , Safemove Plus 
 
 , 
 
 Safestor 
 
 and Safestor Mobile 

protection packages to U-Haul 
 
 customers. We continue to focus on increasing the penetration of these products into the moving and storage market. The business plan for Property and Casualty Insurance includes offering property and casualty products in other U-Haul 

related programs. 

Life Insurance Operating Segment 

Life Insurance provides life and health insurance products primarily to the senior market through the direct writing and reinsuring of life insurance, Medicare supplement and annuity policies. 

Cybersecurity Incident 
 
 On September 9, 2022, we announced that the Company was made aware of a data security incident involving U-Haul s information technology network. U-Haul detected a compromise of two unique passwords used to access U-Haul customers information. U-Haul took immediate steps to contain the incident and promptly enhanced its security measures to prevent any further unauthorized access. U-Haul retained cybersecurity experts and incident response counsel to investigate the incident and implement additional security safeguards. The investigation determined that between November 5, 2021 and April 8, 2022, the threat actor accessed customer contracts containing customers names, dates of birth, and driver s license or state identification numbers. None of U-Haul s financial, payment processing or email systems were involved. U-Haul has notified impacted customers and relevant governmental authorities. 

18 

Several class action lawsuits related to the incident have been filed against U-Haul. The lawsuits have been consolidated into one action in the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona and will be vigorously defended by the Company; however the outcome of such lawsuits cannot be predicted or guaranteed with any certainty. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles GAAP in the United States. The methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies can have a significant impact on the results we report in our financial statements. Note 3, Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, in this Annual Report summarizes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Certain accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments and assumptions, often as a result of the need to estimate matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Following is a detailed description of the accounting estimates that we deem most critical to us and that require management s most difficult and subjective judgments. These estimates are based on historical experience, observance of trends in particular areas, information and valuations available from outside sources and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances and which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual amounts may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions, and such differences may be material. 

We also have other policies that we consider key accounting policies, such as revenue recognition; however, these policies do not meet the definition of critical accounting estimates, because they do not generally require us to make estimates or judgments that are difficult or subjective. The accounting estimates that we deem most critical to us, and involve the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments include the following: 

Recoverability of Property, Plant and Equipment 

Our property, plant and equipment is stated at cost. We regularly perform reviews to determine whether facts and circumstances exist, which indicate that the carrying amount of assets, including estimates of residual value, may not be recoverable or that the useful life of assets are shorter or longer than originally estimated. Reductions in residual values (i.e., the price at which we ultimately expect to dispose of revenue earning equipment) or useful lives will result in an increase in depreciation expense over the remaining life of the equipment. Reviews are performed based on vehicle class, generally subcategories of trucks and trailers. We assess the recoverability of our assets by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related asset or group of assets over their estimated remaining lives against their respective carrying amounts. We consider factors such as current and expected future market price trends on used vehicles and the expected life of vehicles included in the fleet. Impairment, if any, is based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets. If asset residual values are determined to be recoverable, but the useful lives are shorter or longer than originally estimated, then the net book value of the assets is depreciated over the newly determined remaining useful lives. 

Insurance Reserves 
 
 Liabilities for future policy benefits related to life insurance, Medicare supplement insurance, and deferred annuities are determined by management utilizing the net premium valuation methodology and are accrued when premium revenue is recognized. The liability, which represents the present value of future benefits to be paid to policyholders and related expenses less the present value of future net premiums, is estimated using assumptions applicable at the time the insurance contracts are written, with provisions for the risk of adverse deviation, as appropriate. Assumptions include expected mortality and morbidity experience, policy lapses and surrenders, current asset yields and expenses, and expected interest rate yields. The Company periodically performs a gross premium valuation and reviews original assumptions, including capitalized expenses which reduce the gross premium valuation, to evaluate whether the assets and liabilities are adequate and whether a loss reserve should be recognized. 

19 

Insurance reserves for Property and Casualty Insurance and U-Haul take into account losses incurred based upon actuarial estimates and are management s best approximation of future payments. 
 
 These estimates are based upon past claims experience and current claim trends as well as social and economic conditions such as changes in legal theories and inflation. 
 
 These reserves consist of case reserves for reported losses and a provision for incurred but not reported IBNR losses, both reduced by applicable reinsurance recoverables, resulting in a net liability. 

Due to the nature of the underlying risks and high degree of uncertainty associated with the determination of the liability for future policy benefits and claims, the amounts to be ultimately paid to settle these liabilities cannot be precisely determined and may vary significantly from the estimated liability, especially for long-tailed casualty lines of business such as excess workers compensation. 
 
 As a result of the long-tailed nature of the excess workers compensation policies written by Repwest from 1983 through 2001, it may take a number of years for claims to be fully reported and finally settled. 

On a regular basis, insurance reserve adequacy is reviewed by management to determine if existing assumptions need to be updated. In determining the assumptions for calculating workers compensation reserves, management considers multiple factors including the following: 

Claimant longevity, 

Cost trends associated with claimant treatments, 

Changes in ceding entity and third party administrator reporting practices, 

Changes in environmental factors, including legal and regulatory, 

Current conditions affecting claim settlements, and 

Future economic conditions, including inflation. 

We have reserved each claim based upon the accumulation of current claim costs projected through each claimant s life expectancy, and then adjusted for applicable reinsurance arrangements. 
 
 Management reviews each claim bi-annually or more frequently, if there are changes in facts or circumstances to determine if the estimated life-time claim costs have increased and then adjusts the reserve estimate accordingly at that time. 
 
 We have factored in an estimate of what the potential cost increases could be in our IBNR liability. 
 
 We have not assumed settlement of the existing claims in calculating the reserve amount, unless it is in the final stages of completion. 

Continued increases in claim costs, including medical inflation and new treatments and medications could lead to future adverse development resulting in additional reserve strengthening. 
 
 Conversely, settlement of existing claims or if injured workers return to work or expire prematurely, could lead to future positive development. 

Impairment of Investments 

Under the current expected credit loss model, a valuation allowance is recognized in earnings for credit losses. If we intend to sell a debt security, or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, the debt security is written down to its fair value and the write down is charged against the allowance for credit losses, with any incremental impairment reported in 
 
 earnings. Reversals of the allowance for credit losses are 
 
 permitted and should not exceed the allowance amount initially recognized. 

There was a 2.0 million net impairment charge recorded in fiscal 2023. 

Income Taxes 

We file a consolidated tax return with all of our legal subsidiaries. 

Our tax returns are periodically reviewed by various taxing authorities. The final outcome of these audits may cause changes that could materially impact our financial results. Please see Note 14, Provision for Taxes, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report for more information. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Please see Note 3, Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report for more information. 

20 

Results of Operations 

U-Haul Holding Company and Consolidated Subsidiaries 

Fiscal 2023 Compared with Fiscal 2022 

Listed below, on a consolidated basis, are revenues for our major product lines for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022: 

Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

(In thousands) 

Self-moving equipment rentals 

3,877,917 

3,958,807 

Self-storage revenues 

744,492 

617,120 

Self-moving and self-storage products and service sales 

357,286 

351,447 

Property management fees 

37,073 

35,194 

Life insurance premiums 

99,149 

111,027 

Property and casualty insurance premiums 

93,209 

86,518 

Net investment and interest income 

176,679 

148,261 

Other revenue 

478,886 

431,373 

Consolidated revenue 

5,864,691 

5,739,747 

Self-moving equipment rental revenues decreased 80.9 million during fiscal 2023, compared with fiscal 2022. Transactions, revenue and average miles driven per transaction decreased. 
 
 These declines were more pronounced in our one-way markets. 
 
 Compared to the same period last year, we increased the number of retail locations, independent dealers, trucks, and trailers in the rental fleet. 

Self-storage revenues increased 127.4 million during fiscal 2023, compared with fiscal 2022. 
 
 The average monthly number of occupied units increased by 14 , or 63,800 units during fiscal 2023 compared with the same period last year. 
 
 Over the course of the fiscal year our average revenue per occupied square foot increased 9 . 
 
 During fiscal 2023, we added approximately 6.0 million net rentable square feet, a 13 increase compared to fiscal 2022 additions. 
 
 This additional capacity consisted of approximately 1.1 million square feet of existing self-storage acquired along with 4.9 million square feet of new development. 

Sales of self-moving and self-storage products and services increased 5.8 million during fiscal 2023, compared with fiscal 2022, primarily due to increased hitch and propane sales partially offset by a 1 decrease in the sales of moving supplies. 

Life insurance premiums decreased 11.9 million during fiscal 2023, compared with fiscal 2022 primarily due to decreased sales of single premium life products and policy decrements in Medicare supplement. 

Property and casualty insurance premiums increased 6.7 million during fiscal 2023, compared with fiscal 2022. A significant portion of Repwest s premiums are from policies sold in conjunction with U-Haul moving and storage transactions and generally correspond to the related activity at U-Haul during the same period. 

Net investment and interest income increased 28.4 million during fiscal 2023, compared with fiscal 2022. Moving and Storage accounted for a 67.9 million increase due to higher yields on our short-term cash balances which are primarily invested in United States government securities. Changes in the market value of unaffiliated common stocks held at our Property and Casualty Insurance subsidiary resulted in a 16.6 million decrease. Life Insurance experienced a net decrease of 21.4 million. 
 
 Other revenue increased 47.5 million during fiscal 2023, compared with fiscal 2022, caused primarily by growth in our U-Box program. 

21 

Listed below are revenues and earnings from operations at each of our operating segments for fiscal 2023 and 2022. The insurance companies years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

(In thousands) 

Moving and storage 

Revenues 

5,567,714 

5,398,267 

Earnings from operations before equity in earnings of subsidiaries 

1,396,122 

1,577,226 

Property and casualty insurance 

Revenues 

103,512 

115,043 

Earnings from operations 

36,570 

49,780 

Life insurance 

Revenues 

206,100 

238,812 

Earnings from operations 

12,935 

19,538 

Eliminations 

Revenues 

(12,635) 

(12,375) 

Earnings from operations before equity in earnings of subsidiaries 

(1,521) 

(1,547) 

Consolidated Results 

Revenues 

5,864,691 

5,739,747 

Earnings from operations 

1,444,106 

1,644,997 

Total costs and expenses increased 325.8 million during fiscal 2023, compared with fiscal 2022. Operating expenses for Moving and Storage increased 345.7 million. 
 
 Repair costs associated with the rental fleet experienced a 132.9 million increase during fiscal year 2023 and personnel costs increased 97.8 million. 
 
 The increases in fleet repair costs are primarily due to additional preventative maintenance resulting from higher fleet activity over the last several years. 
 
 Also, the slower rotation of new equipment into the fleet and older equipment out of the fleet has added to the amount of preventative maintenance needed. 
 
 Personnel cost increases stem from a 12 increase in headcount on average throughout the year; the headcount variance narrowed towards the end of the year. 
 
 Other expense increases included liability costs, utilities, property taxes, non-rental equipment and building maintenance and shipping associated with U-Box transactions. 

Depreciation expense associated with our rental fleet was 520.5 million and 504.2 million for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Net gains from the disposal of rental equipment increased 32.9 million from an increase in resale values combined with additional units sold. 
 
 Depreciation expense on all other assets, largely from buildings and improvements, increased 20.6 million to 213.4 million. Net losses on the disposal or retirement of land and buildings increased 9.7 million as fiscal 2022 included a condemnation gain of 4.9 million. 

As a result of the above-mentioned changes in revenues and expenses, earnings from operations decreased to 1,444.1 million for fiscal 2023, compared with 1,645.0 million for fiscal 2022. 

Interest expense for fiscal 2023 was 224.0 million, compared with 167.4 million for fiscal 2022 due to an increase in our average outstanding debt of 871.6 million in fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 combined with a higher average cost of debt. 

Income tax expense was 294.9 million for fiscal 2023, compared with 352.2 million for fiscal 2022. See Note 14, Provision for Taxes, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report for more information on income taxes. 

Basic and diluted earnings per share of Voting Common Stock for fiscal 2023 was 5.54, compared with 7.08 for fiscal 2022. 

The weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted for Voting Common Stock were 19,607,788 for both fiscal 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Basic and diluted earnings per share of Non-Voting Common Stock for fiscal 2023 were 4.62, compared with 5.58 for fiscal 2022. 

22 

The weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted for Non-Voting Common Stock were 176,470,092 for both fiscal 2023 and 2022. 

Moving and Storage 

Fiscal 2023 Compared with Fiscal 2022 

Listed below are revenues for the major product lines at Moving and Storage for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022: 

Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

(In thousands) 

Self-moving equipment rentals 

3,882,620 

3,963,535 

Self-storage revenues 

744,492 

617,120 

Self-moving and self-storage products and service sales 

357,286 

351,447 

Property management fees 

37,073 

35,194 

Net investment and interest income 

70,992 

3,135 

Other revenue 

475,251 

427,836 

Moving and Storage revenue 

5,567,714 

5,398,267 

Self-moving equipment rental revenues decreased 80.9 million during fiscal 2023, compared with fiscal 2022 
 . 
 
 Transactions, revenue and average miles driven per transaction decreased. 
 
 These declines were more pronounced in our one-way markets. 
 
 Compared to the same period last year, we increased the number of retail locations, independent dealers, trucks, and trailers in the rental fleet. 

Self-storage revenues increased 127.4 million during fiscal 2023, compared with fiscal 2022. 
 
 The average monthly number of occupied units increased by 14 , or 63,800 units during fiscal 2023 compared with the same period last year. 
 
 Over the course of the fiscal year our average revenue per occupied square foot increased 9 . 

The Company owns and manages self-storage facilities. Self-storage revenues reported in the consolidated financial statements represent Company-owned locations only. Self-storage data for our owned storage locations follows: 

Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

(In thousands, except occupancy rate) 

Unit count as of March 31 

673 

601 

Square footage as of March 31 

56,382 

50,366 

Average monthly number of units occupied 

535 

471 

Average monthly occupancy rate based on unit count 

83.4 

82.6 

Average monthly square footage occupied 

46,257 

41,379 

During fiscal 2023, we added approximately 6.0 million net rentable square feet, a 13 increase compared to fiscal 2022 additions. 
 
 This additional capacity consisted of approximately 1.1 million square feet of existing self-storage acquired along with 4.9 million square feet of new development. 

Sales of self-moving and self-storage products and services increased 5.8 million during fiscal 2023, compared with fiscal 2022, primarily due to increased hitch and propane sales partially offset by a 1 decrease in the sales of moving supplies. 

Net investment and interest income increased 67.9 million during fiscal 2023, compared with fiscal 2022, due to higher yields on our short-term cash balances which are primarily invested in United States government securities. 
 
 Other revenue increased 47.4 million during fiscal 2023, compared with fiscal 2022, caused primarily by growth in our U-Box program. 

23 

Total costs and expenses increased 350.6 million during fiscal 2023, compared with fiscal 2022. Operating expenses increased 345.7 million. 
 
 Repair costs associated with the rental fleet experienced a 132.9 million increase during fiscal year 2023 and personnel costs increased 97.8 million. 
 
 The increases in fleet repair costs are primarily due to additional preventative maintenance resulting from higher fleet activity over the last several years. 
 
 Also, the slower rotation of new equipment into the fleet and older equipment out of the fleet has added to the amount of preventative maintenance needed. 
 
 Personnel cost increases stem from a 12 increase in headcount on average throughout the year; the headcount variance narrowed towards the end of the year. 
 
 Other expense increases included liability costs, utilities, property taxes, non-rental equipment and building maintenance and shipping associated with U-Box transactions. 

Depreciation expense associated with our rental fleet was 520.5 million and 504.2 million. 
 
 Net gains from the disposal of rental equipment increased 32.9 million from an increase in resale values combined with additional units sold. 
 
 Depreciation expense on all other assets, largely from buildings and improvements, increased 20.6 million to 213.4 million. Net losses on the disposal or retirement of land and buildings increased 9.7 million as fiscal 2022 included a condemnation gain of 4.9 million. 

Property and Casualty Insurance 

2022 Compared with 2021 

Net premiums were 96.2 million and 89.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A significant portion of Repwest s premiums are from policies sold in conjunction with U-Haul moving and storage transactions and generally correspond to the related activity at U-Haul during the same period. 

Net investment and interest income were 7.3 million and 25.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The main driver of the change in net investment income was the decrease in valuation of unaffiliated common stock of 16.6 million; these stocks were not sold and no actual economic losses have been recognized. 

Net operating expenses were 45.0 million and 42.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change was primarily due to an increase in commissions from higher premiums. 

Benefits and losses expenses were 21.5 million and 22.4 million for the years 
 
 ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease was due to favorable loss experience. 

As a result of the above-mentioned changes in revenues and expenses, pretax earnings from operations were 36.6 million and 49.8 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Life Insurance 

2022 Compared with 2021 

Net premiums were 99.1 million and 111.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Medicare Supplement premiums decreased 7.2 million from policy decrements offset by premium rate increases. Life insurance premiums decreased 4.4 million. Premiums on annuity supplemental contracts decreased 0.3 million from fewer annuitizations. Deferred annuity deposits were 326.5 million or 6.0 million below the prior year and are accounted for on the balance sheet as deposits rather than premiums. The decrease in deferred annuity deposits is a result of low sales at the beginning of the year improving as the year progressed. 
 
 Net investment income was 102.4 million and 123.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The realized loss on derivatives used as hedges to fixed indexed annuities was 12.6 million. The realized loss on bonds was 6.5 million. The change in the provision for expected credit losses resulted in a 2.9 million additional decrease to the investment income. Mortgage loan interest decreased 0.9 million from the decreased prepayment penalties. The interest on the remaining assets also decreased by 0.6 million. This was offset by a 2.1 million increase in the investment income from fixed maturities on higher asset base despite lower investment yields. 

24 

Benefits and losses incurred were 144.0 million and 164.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest credited to policyholders decreased 8.6 million due to a reduction in the interest credited rates on fixed indexed annuities driven by stock market fluctuations. Life benefits decreased 8.2 million due to lower death claims related to COVID-19 and lower sales due to premium adjustments that took place in late 2021. Medicare supplement benefits decreased by 3.2 million from fewer policies in force. Benefits on the annuity supplemental contracts decreased 0.2 million. 

Amortization of deferred acquisition costs DAC ), sales inducement asset SIA and the value of business acquired VOBA was 27.9 million and 33.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The annuity related DAC amortization decreased 4.3 million due to realized investment gains and a completion of the amortization period on certain fixed indexed and multi-year guaranteed annuities in 2021. The decrease of 1.2 million on Life Insurance segment is from reduced policy lapses and death benefits. Medicare supplement related DAC amortization decreased 0.5 million and will continue to decrease due to a decline in the number of policies remaining in-force. 

As a result of the above-mentioned changes in revenues and expenses, pretax earnings from operations were 12.5 million and 19.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We believe our current capital structure is a positive factor that will enable us to pursue our operational plans and goals and provide us with sufficient liquidity for the foreseeable future. There are many factors which could affect our liquidity, including some which are beyond our control, and there is no assurance that future cash flows and liquidity resources will be sufficient to meet our outstanding debt obligations and our other future capital needs. 

As of March 31, 2023, cash and cash equivalents totaled 2,060.5 million, compared with 2,704.1 million as of March 31, 2022. The assets of our insurance subsidiaries are generally unavailable to fulfill the obligations of non-insurance operations (U-Haul Holding Company, U-Haul and Real Estate). As of March 31, 2023 (or as otherwise indicated), cash and cash equivalents, other financial assets (receivables, short-term investments, other investments, fixed maturities, and related party assets) and debt obligations of each operating segment were: 

Moving Storage 

Property and Casualty Insurance (a) 

Life Insurance (a) 

(In thousands) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

2,034,242 

11,276 

15,006 

Other financial assets 

428,018 

446,977 

2,744,196 

Debt obligations (b) 

6,143,350 

(a) As of December 31, 2022 

(b) Excludes 35,308) of debt issuance costs 

As of March 31, 2023, Moving and Storage had available borrowing capacity under existing credit facilities of 465.0 million. The majority of invested cash at the Moving and Storage segment is held in government money market funds. Our current forecasted debt payments for fiscal 2024 on all borrowings are 563.2 million. For detailed information regarding our debt obligations, please see Note 9, Borrowings, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

25 

A summary of our consolidated cash flows for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 is shown in the table below: 

Years Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

1,729,610 

1,946,235 

1,535,395 

Net cash used by investing activities 

(2,421,385) 

(1,867,176) 

(1,129,529) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

59,795 

1,433,155 

287,353 

Effects of exchange rate on cash 

(11,633) 

(2,089) 

6,441 

Net increase (decrease) in cash flow 

(643,613) 

1,510,125 

699,660 

Cash at the beginning of the period 

2,704,137 

1,194,012 

494,352 

Cash at the end of the period 

2,060,524 

2,704,137 

1,194,012 

Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 216.6 million in fiscal 2023, compared with fiscal 2022. 
 
 The decrease was primarily due to reduced net earnings of 200.2 million and the payment of 106.0 million in federal income tax in fiscal 2023 compared with the receipt of 243.0 million of federal income tax refunds in fiscal 2022. Partially offsetting this was a decrease in inventory and an increase in the collection of corporate receivables. 

Net cash used in investing activities increased 554.2 million in fiscal 2023, compared with fiscal 2022. Purchases of property, plant and equipment increased 587.4 million. Reinvestment in the rental fleet was less than our projection due to delays in receiving new equipment from our original equipment manufacturers during fiscal 2023; however, the level of reinvestment in the rental fleet has increased in comparison to fiscal 2022. 
 
 Cash from the sales of property, plant and equipment increased 78.1 million largely due to fleet sales. For our insurance subsidiaries, net cash used in investing activities decreased 167.2 million due to a decrease in purchases in fixed maturity investments, which was offset by a 225.0 
 
 million increase in purchases of short-term Treasury notes by Moving and Storage. 

Net cash provided by financing activities decreased 1,373.4 million in fiscal 2023, as compared with fiscal 2022. 
 
 Fiscal 2022 included the borrowing of 1,200.0 million through our two private placement offerings. 
 
 Additionally, debt payments increased 364.5 million, finance lease repayments decreased 42.1 million, and dividends paid increased 4.3 million. 
 
 For Life Insurance, net annuity deposits declined 103.2 million. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources and Requirements of Our Operating Segments 

Moving and Storage 
 
 To meet the needs of our customers, U-Haul maintains a large fleet of rental equipment. Capital expenditures have primarily consisted of new rental equipment acquisitions and the buyouts of existing fleet from leases. The capital to fund these expenditures has historically been obtained internally from operations and the sale of used equipment and externally from debt and lease financing. In the future, we anticipate that our internally generated funds will be used to service the existing debt and fund operations. U-Haul estimates that during fiscal 2024 the Company will reinvest in its rental equipment fleet approximately 685 million, net of equipment sales and excluding any lease buyouts. For fiscal 2023, the Company invested, net of sales, approximately 611 million before any lease buyouts in its rental equipment fleet. Fleet investments in fiscal 2024 and beyond will be dependent upon several factors including the availability of capital, the truck rental environment, the availability of equipment from manufacturers and the used-truck sales market. We anticipate that the fiscal 2024 investments will be funded largely through debt financing, external lease financing and cash from operations. Management considers several factors including cost and tax consequences when selecting a method to fund capital expenditures. Our allocation between debt and lease financing can change from year to year based upon financial market conditions which may alter the cost or availability of financing options. 

26 

The Company has traditionally funded the acquisition of self-storage properties to support U-Haul's growth through debt financing and funds from operations. The Company s plan for the expansion of owned storage properties includes the acquisition of existing self-storage locations from third parties, the acquisition and development of bare land, and the acquisition and redevelopment of existing buildings not currently used for self-storage. The Company expects to fund these development projects through a combination of internally generated funds, corporate debt and with borrowings against existing properties as they operationally mature. For fiscal 2023, the Company invested 1,341.4 million in real estate acquisitions, new construction and renovation and repair compared to 1,004.2 million in fiscal 2022. 
 
 For fiscal 2024, the timing of new projects will be dependent upon several factors, including the entitlement process, availability of capital, weather, the identification and successful acquisition of target properties and the availability of labor and materials. 
 
 We are likely to maintain a high level of real estate capital expenditures in fiscal 2024. 
 
 U-Haul's growth plan in self-storage also includes the expansion of the U-Haul Storage Affiliate program, which does not require significant capital. 

Net capital expenditures (purchases of property, plant and equipment less proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment and lease proceeds) at Moving and Storage were 2,025.6 million, 1,513.3 million and 904.0 million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The components of our net capital expenditures are provided in the following table: 

Years Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

Purchases of rental equipment 

1,298,955 

1,061,439 

870,106 

Equipment lease buyouts 

11,477 

Purchases of real estate, construction and renovations 

1,341,417 

1,004,192 

505,112 

Other capital expenditures 

86,595 

70,906 

54,780 

Gross capital expenditures 

2,726,967 

2,136,537 

1,441,475 

Less: Sales of property, plant and equipment 

(701,331) 

(623,235) 

(537,484) 

Net capital expenditures 

2,025,636 

1,513,302 

903,991 

Moving and Storage continues to hold significant cash and we believe has access to additional liquidity. Management may invest these funds in our existing operations, expand our product lines or pursue external opportunities in the self-moving and storage marketplace, pay dividends or reduce existing indebtedness where possible. 

Property and Casualty Insurance 

State insurance regulations may restrict the amount of dividends that can be paid to stockholders of insurance companies. 
 As a result, Property and Casualty Insurance's assets are generally not available to satisfy the claims of U-Haul Holding Company, or its legal subsidiaries. For calendar year 2023, the ordinary dividend available to be paid to U-Haul Holding Company is 29.5 million. For more information, please see Note 21, Statutory Financial Information of Insurance Subsidiaries, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. We believe that stockholders equity at the Property and Casualty operating segment remains sufficient and we do not believe that its ability to pay ordinary dividends to U-Haul Holding Company will be restricted per state regulations. 

Our Property and Casualty operating segment stockholders equity was 294.5 million and 296.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in 2022 compared with 2021 resulted from net earnings of 29.8 million and a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income of 31.4 million. 
 
 Property and Casualty Insurance does not use debt or equity issues to increase capital and therefore has no direct exposure to capital market conditions other than through its investment portfolio. 

27 

Life Insurance 

Life Insurance manages its financial assets to meet policyholder and other obligations including investment contract withdrawals and deposits. Life Insurance's net deposits for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 6.8 million. State insurance regulations may restrict the amount of dividends that can be paid to stockholders of insurance companies. 
 As a result, Life Insurance's assets are generally not available to satisfy the claims of U-Haul Holding Company or its legal subsidiaries. Oxford had a statutory net loss as of December 31, 2022, so no dividends can be distributed in calendar year 2023. For more information, please see Note 21, Statutory Financial Information of Insurance Subsidiaries, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

Our Life Insurance operating segment stockholders equity was 156.4 million and 440.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in 2022 compared with 2021 resulted from earnings of 10.0 million and a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income of 294.5 million primarily due to the effect of interest rate changes on the fixed maturity portion of the investment portfolio. 
 
 Life Insurance has not historically used debt or equity issues to increase capital and therefore has not had any significant direct exposure to capital market conditions other than through its investment portfolio. However, as of December 31, 2022, Oxford had outstanding advances of 60.0 million through its membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB ). For a more detailed discussion of these advances, please see Note 9, Borrowings, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Cash Provided from Operating Activities by Operating Segments 

Moving and Storage 

Net cash provided by operating activities was 1,593.7 million, 1,823.3 million and 1,428.9 million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The decrease was primarily due to reduced net earnings of 200.2 million and the payment of 106.0 million in federal income tax in fiscal 2023 compared with the receipt of 243.0 million of federal income tax refunds in fiscal 2022. Partially offsetting this was a decrease in inventory and an increase in the collection of corporate receivables. 

Property and Casualty Insurance 

Net cash provided by operating activities was 36.2 million, 31.2 million, and 19.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The increase was the result of changes in intercompany balances and the timing of payables activity. 

Property and Casualty Insurance s cash and cash equivalents and short-term investment portfolios amounted to 27.2 million, 41.7 million, and 12.9 million as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. These balances reflect funds in transition from maturity proceeds to long-term investments. Management believes this level of liquid assets, combined with budgeted cash flow, is adequate to meet foreseeable cash needs. Capital and operating budgets allow Property and Casualty Insurance to schedule cash needs in accordance with investment and underwriting proceeds. 

Life Insurance 

Net cash provided by operating activities was 99.8 million, 91.8 million and 87.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in operating cash flows was primarily due to an increase in accounts payable due to the timing of settlements. This was offset by a decrease in investment and premium income. 

In addition to cash flows from operating activities and financing activities, a substantial amount of liquid funds are available through Life Insurance's short-term portfolio and its membership in the FHLB. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments amounted to 15.0 million, 50.1 million and 178.1 million, respectively. Management believes that the overall sources of liquidity are adequate to meet foreseeable cash needs. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources - Summary 
 
 We believe we have the financial resources needed to meet our business plans including our working capital needs. We continue to hold significant cash and have access to additional liquidity to meet our anticipated capital expenditure requirements for investment in our rental fleet, rental equipment and storage acquisitions and build outs. 

28 

As a result of the federal income tax provisions of the CARES Act we have filed applicable forms with the IRS to carryback net operating losses. These refund claims total approximately 366 million, of which we have already received approximately 243 million, with the remaining amount reflected in prepaid expenses. These amounts are expected to provide us additional liquidity whenever received. It is possible future legislation could negatively impact our ability to receive these tax refunds. 

Our borrowing strategy has primarily focused on asset-backed financing and rental equipment leases. As part of this strategy, we seek to ladder maturities and fix interest rates. While each of these loans typically contains provisions governing the amount that can be borrowed in relation to specific assets, the overall structure is flexible with no limits on overall Company borrowings. Management believes it has adequate liquidity between cash and cash equivalents and unused borrowing capacity in existing credit facilities to meet the current and expected needs of the Company over the next several years. As of March 31, 2023, we had available borrowing capacity under existing credit facilities of 465.0 million. 
 
 While it is possible that circumstances beyond our control could alter the ability of the financial institutions to lend us the unused lines of credit, we believe that there are additional opportunities for leverage in our existing capital structure. For a more detailed discussion of our long-term debt and borrowing capacity, please see Note 9, Borrowings, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report. 

Historically, we used certain off-balance sheet arrangements in connection with the expansion of our self-storage business. For more information, please see Note 20, Related Party Transactions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report. These arrangements were primarily used when our overall borrowing structure was more limited. We do not face similar limitations currently and off-balance sheet arrangements have not been utilized in our self-storage expansion in recent years. In the future, we will continue to identify and consider off-balance sheet opportunities to the extent such arrangements would be economically advantageous to us and our stockholders. 

Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 

For contractual obligations for material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations as part of liquidity and capital resources discussion, please see Notes 9, 10, 11, 15, 17, 18 and 19 
 
 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The following table provides additional detail for contractual commitments and contingencies as of March 31, 2023. 

Payment due by Period (as of March 31, 2023) 

Contractual Obligations 

Total 

04/01/23 - 03/31/24 

04/01/24 - 03/31/26 

04/01/26 - 03/31/28 

Thereafter 

(In thousands) 

Notes and loans payable - Principal 

4,049,382 

226,105 

466,487 

842,847 

2,513,943 

Notes and loans payable - Interest 

1,387,115 

178,530 

326,733 

275,149 

606,703 

Revolving credit agreements - Principal 

615,000 

370,556 

244,444 

Revolving credit agreements - Interest 

102,175 

36,228 

54,875 

11,072 

Finance leases - Principal 

223,205 

103,780 

119,425 

Finance leases - Interest 

11,991 

7,032 

4,959 

Finance liability - Principal 

1,255,763 

233,268 

409,323 

379,271 

233,901 

Finance liability - Interest 

158,493 

45,093 

65,750 

35,427 

12,223 

Operating lease liabilities 

103,956 

24,338 

16,497 

6,506 

56,615 

Property and casualty obligations (a) 

110,545 

23,986 

23,974 

10,084 

52,501 

Life, health and annuity obligations (b) 

3,624,456 

683,685 

846,007 

507,084 

1,587,680 

Self-insurance accruals (c) 

335,227 

95,321 

127,755 

65,527 

46,624 

Post-retirement benefit liability 

23,428 

1,546 

3,789 

4,802 

13,291 

Total contractual obligations 

12,000,736 

1,658,912 

2,836,130 

2,382,213 

5,123,481 

(a) These estimated obligations for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses include case reserves for reported claims and estimates of IBNR claims and are net of expected reinsurance recoveries. The ultimate amount to settle both the case reserves and IBNR is an estimate based upon historical experience and current trends and such estimates could materially differ from actual results. The assumptions do not include future premiums. Due to the significant assumptions employed in this model, the amounts shown could materially differ from actual results. 
 
 (b) These estimated obligations are based on mortality, morbidity, withdrawal and lapse assumptions drawn from our historical experience and adjusted for any known trends. These obligations include expected interest crediting but no amounts for future annuity deposits or premiums for life and Medicare supplement policies. The cash flows shown above are undiscounted for interest and as a result total outflows for all years shown significantly exceed the corresponding liabilities of 2,785.3 million included in our 

29 

consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2023. Life Insurance expects to fully fund these obligations from their invested asset portfolio. Due to the significant assumptions employed in this model, the amounts shown could materially differ from actual results. 

(c) These estimated obligations are primarily the Company s self insurance accruals for portions of the liability coverage for our rental equipment. The estimates for future settlement are based upon historical experience and current trends. Due to the significant assumptions employed in this model, the amounts shown could materially differ from actual results. 

As presented above, contractual obligations on debt and guarantees represent principal payments while contractual obligations for operating leases represent the notional payments under the lease arrangements. 

ASC 740 - 
 Income Taxes 
 liabilities and interest of 75.8 million is not included above due to uncertainty surrounding ultimate settlements, if any. 

Fiscal 2024 Outlook 

We will continue to focus our attention on increasing transaction volume and improving pricing, product and utilization for self-moving equipment rentals. 
 
 Maintaining an adequate level of new investment in our truck fleet is an important component of our plan to meet our operational goals and is likely to increase in fiscal 2024. Revenue in the U-Move 
 
 program could be adversely impacted should we fail to execute in any of these areas. Even if we execute our plans, we could see declines in revenues primarily due to unforeseen events including adverse economic conditions or heightened competition that is beyond our control. 

With respect to our storage business, we have added new locations and expanded existing locations. In fiscal 2024, we are actively looking to complete current projects, increase occupancy in our existing portfolio of locations and acquire new locations. New projects and acquisitions will be considered and pursued if they fit our long-term plans and meet our financial objectives. It is likely spending on acquisitions and new development will increase in fiscal 2024. We will continue to invest capital and resources in the U-Box 
 
 program throughout fiscal 2024. 

Inflationary pressures may challenge our ability to maintain or improve upon our operating margin. 

Property and Casualty Insurance will continue to provide loss adjusting and claims handling for U-Haul and underwrite components of the Safemove 
 
 , Safetow 
 
 , Safemove Plus 
 
 , Safestor 
 
 , and Safestor Mobile 
 
 protection packages to U-Haul customers. 

Life Insurance is pursuing its goal of expanding its presence in the senior market through the sales of its Medicare supplement, life and annuity policies. This strategy includes growing its agency force, expanding its new product offerings, and pursuing business acquisition opportunities. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates. To mitigate these risks, we may utilize derivative financial instruments, among other strategies. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. 

Interest Rate Risk 

The exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our variable rate debt obligations and one variable rate operating lease. We have used interest rate swap agreements and forward swaps to reduce our exposure to changes in interest rates. We enter into these arrangements with counterparties that are significant financial institutions with whom we generally have other financial arrangements. We are exposed to credit risk should these counterparties not be able to perform on their obligations. Following is a summary of our interest rate swaps agreements at March 31, 2023: 

Notional Amount 

Fair Value 

Effective Date 

Expiration Date 

Fixed Rate 

Floating Rate 

(In thousands) 

60,347 

1,501 

7/15/2022 

7/15/2032 

2.86 

1 Month SOFR 

73,250 

1,945 

8/1/2022 

8/1/2026 

2.72 

1 Month SOFR 

72,750 

1,865 

8/1/2022 

8/31/2026 

2.75 

1 Month SOFR 

30 

As of March 31, 2023, we had 821.3 million of variable rate debt obligations. Of this amount, 615.0 million is not fixed through interest rate swaps. If the Secured Overnight Funding Rate SOFR were to increase 100 basis points, the increase in interest expense on the variable rate debt would decrease future earnings and cash flows by 6.2 million annually (after consideration of the effect of the above derivative contracts). Certain senior mortgages have an anticipated repayment date and a maturity date. If these senior mortgages are not repaid by the anticipated repayment date the interest rate on these mortgages would increase from the current fixed rate. We are using the anticipated repayment date for our maturity schedule. 

Additionally, our insurance subsidiaries fixed income investment portfolios expose us to interest rate risk. This interest rate risk is the price sensitivity of a fixed income security to changes in interest rates. As part of our insurance companies asset and liability management, actuaries estimate the cash flow patterns of our existing liabilities to determine their duration. These outcomes are compared to the characteristics of the assets that are currently supporting these liabilities assisting management in determining an asset allocation strategy for future investments that management believes will mitigate the overall effect of interest rates. 

The following table illustrates the interest rate risk sensitivity of our fixed maturity portfolio as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. This table measures the effect of a parallel shift in interest rates (as represented by the U.S. Treasury curve) on the fair value of the fixed maturity portfolio. The data measures the change in fair value arising from an immediate and sustained change in interest rates in increments of 100 basis points. 

Market Value of Mixed Maturity Portfolio 

As of March 31, 

Change in Interest Rates (a) 

2023 

2022 

(In thousands) 

-300bps 

3,100,972 

3,262,844 

-200bps 

2,970,228 

3,153,114 

-100bps 

2,839,624 

2,992,011 

No change 

2,709,037 

2,821,092 

+100bps 

2,578,654 

2,650,410 

+200bps 

2,448,348 

2,479,737 

+300bps 

2,318,149 

2,309,224 

(a) In basis points 

We use derivatives to hedge our equity market exposure to indexed annuity products sold by our Life Insurance company. These contracts earn a return for the contractholder based on the change in the value of the S P 500 index between annual index point dates. We buy and sell listed equity and index call options and call option spreads. The credit risk is with the party in which the options are written. The net option price is paid up front and there are no additional cash requirements or additional contingent liabilities. These contracts are held at fair market value on our balance sheet. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, these derivative hedges had a net market value of 4.3 million and 7.5 million, with notional amounts of 465.7 million and 416.7 
 
 million, respectively. These derivative instruments are included in Investments, other; on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Although the call options are employed to be effective hedges against our policyholder obligations from an economic standpoint, they do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting under GAAP. Accordingly, the call options are marked to fair value on each reporting date with the change in fair value included as a component of net investment and interest income. The change in fair value of the call options includes the gains or losses recognized at the expiration of the option term and the changes in fair value for open contracts. 

31 

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 

The exposure to market risk for changes in foreign currency exchange rates relates primarily to our Canadian business. Approximately 5.0 , 5.0 and 4.6 of our revenue was generated in Canada in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The result of a 10 change in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar would not be material to net income. We typically do not hedge any foreign currency risk since the exposure is not considered material. 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Consolidated Financial Statements of U-Haul Holding Company and its consolidated subsidiaries including the notes to such statements and the related schedules are set forth on the F pages hereto and are incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not applicable. 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

Attached as exhibits to this Annual Report are certifications of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), which are required in accordance with Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act. This "Controls and Procedures" section includes information concerning the controls and procedures evaluation referred to in the certifications and it should be read in conjunction with the certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented in the section Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Following this discussion is the report of BDO USA, LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, regarding its audit of U-Haul Holding Company s internal control over financial reporting as set forth below in this section. This section should be read in conjunction with the certifications of our CEO and CFO and the BDO USA, LLP report for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company s management, with the participation of the CEO and CFO, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s "disclosure controls and procedures" (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) Disclosure Controls as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Our Disclosure Controls are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Our Disclosure Controls are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon the controls evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, our Disclosure Controls were not effective due to material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 The Company's management, including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that our Disclosure Controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system's objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of our controls to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or 

32 

deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other than the material weaknesses described below, there has not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, the end of our fiscal year. Management based its assessment on criteria established in 
 Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) 
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management's assessment included evaluation of such elements as the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment. This assessment is supported by testing and monitoring performed both by our Internal Audit function and our Finance function. 

Based on our assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of the end of the fiscal year 2023. We reviewed the results of management's assessment with the Audit Committee of our Board. 

We determined a material weakness existed as management did not fully design, implement and monitor general information technology controls in the areas of program change management, user access, segregation of duties and cyber security for systems supporting substantially all of the Company s internal control processes. A substantial portion of the Company's controls are dependent upon the information derived from the information technology systems and therefore the dependent controls were concluded to be ineffective. 

Additionally, as previously reported in Item 4 of our Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 2022, we have a continuing material weakness over the design and implementation of controls relevant to the financial reporting process related to the calculation of earnings per share using the two-step method associated with the recently issued UHAL.B Common Stock to ensure the accuracy of amounts presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

With respect to the material weakness related to general information technology controls, our management, under the oversight of our Audit Committee, has begun evaluating and implementing measures designed to remediate the control deficiencies contributing to this material weakness. 
 
 These remediations measures have included or will include assessing and formalizing the design of certain information technology policies, implementing controls and procedures relating to program change management, user access, segregations of duties and cyber security for systems supporting substantially all of the Company s internal control processes and developing monitoring controls and protocols that will allow us to timely assess the design and the operating effectiveness of the new and redesigned controls. 
 
 With respect to the material weakness related to the calculation of earnings per share using the two-step method associated with the recently issued UHAL.B Common Stock, we have redesigned the related control, conducted relevant training for personnel involve in the process and control functions and enhanced the procedures and control activity documentation. These activities were completed in connection with our year end close process and the redesigned control operated as planned. We expect the redesigned control to operate in future periods in order to support a conclusion of operating effectiveness. 

33 

We believe the above actions will be effective in remediating the material weaknesses described above and we will continue to devote time and attention to these remedial efforts. However, as we continue to evaluate and take actions to improve our internal control over financial reporting, we may take additional actions to address control deficiencies or modify certain of the remediation measures described above. Our remediation efforts will not be considered complete until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and our management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 

34 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Stockholders and Board of Directors 

U-Haul Holding Company 

Reno, Nevada 

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We have audited U-Haul Holding Company s (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in 
 Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) 
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). 
 In our opinion, the Company did not maintain, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on management s statements referring to any corrective actions taken by the Company after the date of management s assessment. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes and schedules and our report dated June 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Material weaknesses have been identified and described in management s assessment. These material weaknesses related to management s failure to design and maintain effective controls over financial reporting, specifically related to the following: (1) general information technology controls related to the areas of program change management, user access, segregations of duties and cyber security for systems supporting substantially all of the Company s internal control processes and (2) financial reporting controls to ensure the accuracy of amounts presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2023 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated June 1, 2023, on those consolidated financial statements. 

35 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

Phoenix, Arizona 
 
 June 1, 2023 

36 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

Not applicable. 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 
 
 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required to be disclosed under this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s definitive proxy statement, in connection with its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders (the Proxy Statement ), which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of the Company s 2023 fiscal year. 

The Company has a Code of Ethics that applies to all directors, officers and employees of the Company, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer. A copy of our Code of Ethics is posted on U-Haul Holding Company s website at investors.uhaul.com/governance.aspx. 
 
 We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements of Current Report on Form 8-K regarding any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Ethics by posting such information on the Company s website, at the web address and location specified above, unless otherwise required to file a Current Report on Form 8-K by New York Stock Exchange rules and regulations. 

Item 
 
 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

The information required to be disclosed under this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. 

Item 
 
 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required to be disclosed under this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required to be disclosed under this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required to be disclosed under this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits; Financial Statement Schedules 

The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

Page 

1 

Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

; 

; PCAOB ID# 

F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets - March 31, 2023 and 2022 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations - Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) - Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 

F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity - Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 

F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 

F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-10 

2 

Financial Statement Schedules required to be filed by Item 8: 

Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of U-Haul Holding Company 

F-66 

Schedule II - U-Haul Holding Company and Consolidated Subsidiaries Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

F-70 

37 

Schedule V - U-Haul Holding Company and Consolidated Subsidiaries Supplemental Information (For Property-Casualty Insurance Operations) 

F-71 

All other schedules are omitted because they are not required, inapplicable, or the information is otherwise shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

Exhibits: 

Exhibit Number 

Description 

Page or Method of Filing 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of U-Haul Holding Company 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2016, file no. 1-11255 

3.2 

U-Haul Holding Company Certificate of Designation of Series N Non-Voting Common Stock 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on October 24, 2022, file no. 1-11255 

3.3 

Restated Bylaws of U-Haul Holding Company 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 5, 2013, file no. 1-11255 

3.4 

Articles of Conversion/Exchange/Merger 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022, file no. 1-11255 

4.1 

U-Haul Investors Club Base Indenture, dated February 14, 2011 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U. S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 22, 2011, file no. 1-11255 

4.2 

Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 15, 2011, by and among U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 22, 2011, file no. 1-11255 

4.3 

Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated June 7, 2011 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 23, 2011, file no. 1-11255 

4.4 

Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated June 14, 2011 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 23, 2011, file no. 1-11255 

4.5 

Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated January 7, 2012 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 26, 2012, file no. 1-11255 

4.6 

Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 12, 2011, by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year end March 31, 2012, file no. 1-11255 

4.7 

Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated September 4, 2012 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 4, 2012, file no. 1-11255 

38 

4.8 

Twenty-first Supplemental Indenture dated January 15, 2013 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 15, 2013, file no. 1-11255 

4.9 

Twenty-second Supplemental Indenture, dated May 28, 2013 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 30, 2013, file no. 1-11255 

4.10 

Twenty-third Supplemental Indenture, dated November 26, 2013 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 26, 2013, file no. 1-11255 

4.11 

Twenty-fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 22, 2014 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 22, 2014, file no. 1-11255 

4.12 

Twenty-sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 29, 2015 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 29, 2015, file no. 1-11255 

4.13 

Twenty-seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated December 15, 2015 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 15, 2015, file no. 1-11255 

4.14 

Twenty-eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 13, 2016 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 13, 2016, file no. 1-11255 

4.15 

Thirty-first Supplemental Indenture, dated October 24, 2017 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 25, 2017, file no. 1-11255 

4.16 

Amended and Restated Twenty-fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 28, 2018 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 28, 2018, file no. 1-11255 

4.17 

Thirty-fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 7, 2019 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 7, 2019, file no. 1-11255 

4.18 

Amended and Restated Thirty-third Supplemental Indenture, dated May 3, 2019 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2019, file no. 1-11255 

4.19 

Amended and Restated Thirty-fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 3, 2019 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2019, file no. 1-11255 

4.20 

Thirty-sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 3, 2019 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2019, file no. 1-11255 

4.21 

Thirty-seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated December 10, 2019 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 10, 2019, file no. 1-11255 

39 

4.22 

Thirty-eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated February 18, 2020 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 18, 2020, file no. 1-11255 

4.23 

Thirty-ninth, Supplemental Indenture, dated October 20, 2020 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 20, 2020, file no. 1-11255 

4.24 

Forty-first Supplemental Indenture, dated April 13, 2021 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 13, 2021, file no. 1-11255 

4.25 

Forty-second Supplemental Indenture, dated October 12, 2021, by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 12, 2021, file no. 1-11255 

4.26 

Forty-fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 10, 2022, by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 10, 2022 file no. 1-11255 

4.27 

Forty-fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated July 19, 2022, by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 19, 2022, file no. 1-11255 

4.28 

Forty-sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 27, 2022, by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 27, 2022, file no. 1-11255 

4.29 

Series UIC-9K, 10K, 11K, 12K, 13K, 14K and 15K Amendment to the Amendment to the Amended and Restated Forty-second Supplement Indenture and Pledge and Security Agreement dated September 27, 2022 by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as successor in interest to U. S Bank National Association, as trustee 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 27, 2022 file no. 1-11255. 

4.30 

Forty-seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated December 20, 2022, by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 20, 2022, file no. 1-11255 

4.31 

Forty-eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated February 21, 2023, by and between U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 21, 2023, file no. 1-11255 

4.32 

Description of Registered Securities 

Filed herewith 

10.1 

Management Agreement between Four SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul Holding Company 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 1997, file no. 1-11255 

10.2 

Management Agreement between Five SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul Holding Company 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 1999, file no. 1-11255 

40 

10.3 

Property Management Agreement 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2004, file no. 1-11255 

10.4 

U-Haul Dealership Contract between U-Haul Leasing Sales Co., and U-Haul Moving Partners, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2004, file no. 1-11255 

10.5 

Property Management Agreement between Mercury Partners, LP, Mercury 99, LLC and U-Haul Self-Storage Management (WPC), Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2004, file no. 1-11255 

10.6 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Eight SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, file no. 1-11255 

10.7 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Nine SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, file no. 1-11255 

10.8 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Ten SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, file no. 1-11255 

10.9 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Eleven SAC Self-Storage Corporation and Eleven SAC Self-Storage Odenton, Inc. and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, file no. 1-11255 

10.10 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Twelve SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, file no. 1-11255 

10.11 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Thirteen SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, file no. 1-11255 

10.12 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Fourteen SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, file no. 1-11255 

10.13 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Fifteen SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, file no. 1-11255 

41 

10.14 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Sixteen SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, file no. 1-11255 

10.15 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Seventeen SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, file no. 1-11255 

10.16 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Eighteen SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2012, file no. 1-11255 

10.17 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Twenty SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2012, file no. 1-11255 

10.18 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Twenty-One SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2012, file no. 1-11255 

10.19 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Twenty-Two SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2012, file no. 1-11255 

10.20 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Twenty-Three SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2012, file no. 1-11255 

10.21 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Twenty-Four SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2012, file no. 1-11255 

10.22 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Twenty-Five SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2012, file no. 1-11255 

10.23 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Twenty-Six SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2012, file no. 1-11255 

10.24 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Twenty-Seven SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2012, file no. 1-11255 

10.25 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Three-A SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 4, 2013, file no. 1-11255 

10.26 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Three-B SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 4, 2013, file no. 1-11255 

42 

10.27 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Three-C SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 4, 2013, file no. 1-11255 

10.28 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Three-D SAC Self-Storage Corporation and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 4, 2013, file no. 1-11255 

10.29 

Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement among Galaxy Storage One, LP and subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 4, 2013, file no. 1-11255 

10.30 

U-Haul Dealership Contract Addendum 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2012, file no. 1-11255 

10.31 

Loan Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2015 among U-Haul Co of Florida 8, LLC, U-Haul Co. of Florida 9, LLC, U-Haul Co. of Florida 10, UHIL 8, LLC, UHIL 9, LLC, UHIL 10, LLC, UHIL 13, LLC, AREC 8, LLC, AREC 9, LLC, AREC 10, LLC and AREC 13, LLC, each a Delaware limited liability company, collectively as Borrower, and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. and JP Morgan Chase Bank, National Association, collectively as Lender 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 14, 2015, file no. 1-11255 

10.32 

Property Management Agreement dated December 11, 2014 between Three SAC Self-Storage Corporation and U-Haul Co. (Canada), Ltd 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016, file no. 1-11255 

10.33 

Property Management Agreement dated December 16, 2014 among Galaxy Storage Two, L.P. and certain subsidiaries of U-Haul Holding Company 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016, file no. 1-11255 

10.34 

Property Management Agreement dated June 25, 2015 among 2015 SAC Self-Storage, LLC and certain subsidiaries of U-Haul Holding Company 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016, file no. 1-11255 

10.35 

Property Management Agreement dated March 21, 2016 among Five SAC RW, LLC and certain subsidiaries of U-Haul Holding Company 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016, file no. 1-11255 

10.36 

Property Management Agreement among Six-SAC Self-Storage Corporation and certain subsidiaries of U-Haul International, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 27, 2016, file no. 1-11255 

10.37 

Stockholder Agreement dated September 12, 2016, between Edward J. Shoen, Mark V. Shoen, Foster Road LLC, Willow Grove Holdings LP, Blackwater Investments, Inc. and SAC Holdings Corporation 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1, filed with the Schedule 13-D/A, filed on September 12, 2016, file number 5-39669 

10.38 

2016 Stock Option Plan (Shelf Stock Option Plan) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit C to Definitive Proxy for the Special Meeting of Stockholders filed on April 20, 2016 

43 

10.39 

Credit Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2017 by and among U-Haul Holding Company, as the Borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as Agent for all Lenders, and the financial institutions party thereto from to time as, Lenders. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 7, 2017, file no. 1-11255 

10.40 

Template Dealership Contract 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2018, file no. 1-11255 

10.41 

Amended and Restated U-Haul Holding Company Employee Savings and Profit and Sharing Plan 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2018, file no. 1-11255 

10.42 

Amendment to the Amended and Restated U-Haul Holding Company Employee Savings and Profit and Sharing Plan 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2018, file no. 1-11255 

10.43 

Amended and Restated U-Haul Holding Company Employee Stock Ownership Plan 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2018, file no. 1-11255 

10.44 

Amendment to the Amended and Restated U-Haul Holding Company Employee Stock Ownership Plan 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2018, file no. 1-11255 

10.45 

Note Purchase Agreement, dated September 29, 2021, among U-Haul Holding Company and the purchasers named therein. 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 4, 2021, file no. 1-11255 

10.46 

Form of U-Haul Holding Company 2.43 Senior Note, Series A due September 30, 2029 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 4, 2021, file no. 1-11255 

10.47 

Form of U-Haul Holding Company 2.51 Senior Note, Series A due September 30, 2029 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 4, 2021, file no. 1-11255 

10.48 

Form of U-Haul Holding Company 2.63 Senior Note, Series A due September 30, 2029 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 4, 2021, file no. 1-11255 

10.49 

Form of U-Haul Holding Company 2.78 Senior Note, Series A due September 30, 2029 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 4, 2021, file no. 1-11255 

10.50 

Note Purchase Agreement, dated December 2, 2021, among U-Haul Holding Company and the purchasers named therein 
 
 . 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 7, 2021, file no. 1-11255 

10.51 

Form of U-Haul Holding Company 2.55 Senior Note, Series A due January 27, 2030 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 7, 2021, file no. 1-11255 

44 

10.52 

Form of U-Haul Holding Company 2.60 Senior Note, Series B due January 27, 2031 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 7, 2021, file no. 1-11255 

10.53 

Form of U-Haul Holding Company 2.68 Senior Note, Series C due January 27, 2032 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 7, 2021, file no. 1-11255 

10.54 

Form of U-Haul Holding Company 2.73 Senior Note, Series D due January 27, 2033 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 7, 2021, file no. 1-11255 

10.55 

Form of U-Haul Holding Company 2.88 Senior Note, Series E due January 27, 2035 

Incorporated by reference to U-Haul Holding Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 7, 2021, file no. 1-11255 

14 

Code of Ethics 

Filed herewith 

21 

Subsidiaries of U-Haul Holding Company 

Filed herewith 

23.1 

Consent of BDO USA, LLP 

Filed herewith 

24 

Power of Attorney 

Refer to signature page 

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certificate of Edward J. Shoen, President and Chairman of the Board of U-Haul Holding Company 

Filed herewith 

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certificate of Jason A. Berg, Chief Financial Officer of U-Haul Holding Company 

Filed herewith 

32.1 

Certificate of Edward J. Shoen, President and Chairman of the Board of U-Haul Holding Company pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Furnished herewith 

32.2 

Certificate of Jason A. Berg, Chief Financial Officer of U-Haul Holding Company pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Furnished herewith 

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document 

Furnished herewith 

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

Furnished herewith 

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

Furnished herewith 

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

Furnished herewith 

45 

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

Furnished herewith 

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

Furnished herewith 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101) 

Indicates management plan or compensatory arrangement. 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

46 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Stockholders and Board of Directors 

U-Haul Holding Company 

Reno, Nevada 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of U-Haul Holding Company (the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023 
 , 
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in 
 Internal Control Integrated Framework 
 (2013) 
 
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated 
 June 1 
 , 2023 expressed an adverse opinion thereon. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F-1 

Valuation of Future Policy Benefits (Oxford) 

As discussed in Notes 3 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s life insurance subsidiary Oxford s insurance reserves for liabilities for future policy benefits policy reserves were 386.8 million as of December 31, 2022. Policy reserves are related to life and health insurance policies and are determined by management utilizing the net premium valuation methodology and are accrued when premium revenue is recognized. The liability, which represents the present value of future benefits to be paid to policyholders and related expenses less the present value of future net premiums, is estimated using assumptions applicable at the time the insurance contracts are written, with provisions for the risk of adverse deviation, as appropriate. The Company periodically performs a gross premium valuation and reviews original assumptions, including capitalized expenses which reduce the gross premium valuation, to evaluate whether assets and the liabilities are adequate and whether a loss should be recognized. 

We identified the valuation of policy reserves as a critical audit matter. Specifically, the evaluation includes the significant and complex management judgments and assumptions related to mortality experience, policy lapses and surrenders, assets yields and expenses, and interest rate yields. Management specialists in actuarial methods are utilized to evaluate the valuation of policy reserves to determine whether loss recognition is required. Auditing these complex judgments and assumptions involved especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skills or knowledge needed. 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

Testing the completeness and accuracy of a selection of policy and claims data used by the Company s actuary and agreeing it to relevant supporting documentation. 

Utilizing a specialist with knowledge and skill in actuarial methods to assist in (i) assessing the appropriateness of the methodology and assumptions used by management in the gross premium valuation methodologies and (ii) evaluating the applicability of the assumptions and sources of management s calculation at the time the insurance contracts were written and evaluating whether loss recognition is warranted; and (iii) developing an independent estimate of the liabilities for future benefits using Company policy data and comparing this independent estimate to management s recorded estimate for reasonableness. 

Reserve for Property Casualty Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses (Repwest) 

As described in Notes 3 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries recorded 151.9 million at December 31, 2022 of reserves for unpaid property and casualty P C losses and loss adjustment expenses to provide for the estimated costs of paying claims under insurance policies written by the Company. These reserves for P C losses and loss adjustment expenses are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets within policy benefits and losses, claims and loss expenses payable. These reserves include estimates for both claims that have been reported and claims that have been incurred but not reported and include estimates of all losses and loss adjustment expenses associated with processing and settling these claims. The estimation process is based on past claims experience and current claim trends and involves a variety of actuarial techniques that analyze experience, trends, and other relevant factors. The subjectivity and uncertainty of estimating the ultimate cost to settle the liabilities for reported and unreported claims is caused by various factors including, frequency and severity of claims, economic conditions such as the legal, regulatory, judicial, inflation and social environment, policy pricing including terms and conditions, as well as changes in the claims handling process. 

F-2 

We identified the valuation of the P C losses and loss adjustment expense as a critical audit matter. Significant and complex management judgments and assumptions, including the use of management specialists in actuarial methods, is required to evaluate past claims experience and current claim trends, including expected length of claims and cost trends associated with claimant treatments. Auditing these complex judgments and assumptions involved especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skill or knowledge needed. 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

Testing the completeness and accuracy of a selection of claims data used by the Company s actuary and agreeing it to relevant supporting documentation. 

Utilizing personnel with specialized knowledge and skill in actuarial methods to assist in assessing the appropriateness of the methodology and the assumptions used by management s actuary including (i) performing a retrospective review of the prior year reserve estimate against actual performance, and (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of actuarial methods and key underlying assumptions through testing of the actuarial models used to develop the estimate recorded by management. 

Self-Insurance Reserves (U-Haul) 

As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, U-Haul retains the insurance risk for certain general liability programs related to its moving operations, which is referred to as self-insurance. The estimated liabilitiy as of March 31, 2023 was 334.3 million and was recorded in the consolidated balance sheets within policy benefits and losses, claims and loss expenses payable. 

We identified the valuation of self-insurance liability as a critical audit matter. The estimation process involves actuarial expertise to evaluate the actuarial methods and assumptions that are used to estimate future claim payments. Specifically, the evaluation includes the significant and complex judgments and assumptions related to loss development factors and expected loss ratios which are primarily driven by historical claims paid and incurred data. Management specialists in actuarial methods are utilized to evaluate the valuation of self-insurance liability. Auditing these complex judgments and assumptions involved especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skills or knowledge needed. 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following: 

Testing the completeness and accuracy of a selection of policy and claims data used by the Company s actuary and agreeing it to relevant supporting documentation. 

Utilizing personnel with specialized knowledge and skill in actuarial methods to (i) assist in assessing the appropriateness of the actuarial methods, (ii) evaluating the Company s actuarial estimates and assumptions related to the loss development factors and expected loss rates by comparing them to the Company s historical data and trends and (iii) developing an independent estimate of the self-insurance reserve using Company policy data and comparing this independent estimate to management s recorded estimate for reasonableness. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2003. 

Phoenix, Arizona 

June 1, 2023 

F-3 

U-Haul Holding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

Consolidated balance sheets 

March 31, 

2023 

2022 

(In thousands, except share data) 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Reinsurance recoverables and trade receivables, net 

Inventories and parts, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Investments, fixed maturities and marketable equities 

Investments, other 

Deferred policy acquisition costs, net 

Other assets 

Right of use assets - financing, net 

Right of use assets - operating, net 

Related party assets 

Property, plant and equipment, at cost: 

Land 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture and equipment 

Rental trailers and other rental equipment 

Rental trucks 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

) 

) 

Total property, plant and equipment, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Notes, loans and finance leases payable, net 

Operating lease liabilities 

Policy benefits and losses, claims and loss expenses payable 

Liabilities from investment contracts 

Other policyholders' funds and liabilities 

Deferred income 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 9 and 19) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Series preferred stock, with or without par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized: 

Series A preferred stock, with no par value, 6,100,000 shares authorized; 

6,100,000 shares issued and none outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Series B preferred stock, with no par value, 100,000 shares authorized; none 

issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Serial common stock, with or without par value, 250,000,000 shares authorized: 

Serial common stock of 0.25 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized; 

none issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Common stock, with 0.25 par value, 250,000,000 shares authorized: 

Common stock of 0.25 par value, 250,000,000 shares authorized; 41,985,700 

issued and 19,607,788 outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Series N Non-Voting Common Stock, with 0.001 par value, 250,000,000 shares authorized 

Series N Non-Voting Common Stock, with 0.001 par value, 250,000,000 shares authorized; 

176,470,092 and zero shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

) 

Retained earnings 

Cost of common shares in treasury, net (22,377,912 shares as of March 31, 2023 and 2022) 

) 

) 

Cost of preferred shares in treasury, net (6,100,000 shares as of March 31, 2023 and 2022) 

) 

) 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-4 

U-Haul Holding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

Consolidated statements of operations 

Years Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Revenues: 

Self-moving equipment rentals 

Self-storage revenues 

Self-moving and self-storage products and service sales 

Property management fees 

Life insurance premiums 

Property and casualty insurance premiums 

Net investment and interest income 

Other revenue 

Total revenues 

Costs and expenses: 

Operating expenses 

Commission expenses 

Cost of sales 

Benefits and losses 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

Lease expense 

Depreciation, net of gains on disposals of 247,084, 214,203 and 54,071 respectively) 

Net (gains) losses on disposal of real estate 

) 

Total costs and expenses 

Earnings from operations 

Other components of net periodic benefit costs 

) 

) 

) 

Interest expense 

) 

) 

) 

Fees on early extinguishment of debt 

) 

) 

Pretax earnings 

Income tax expense 

) 

) 

) 

Net earnings available to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted earnings per share of Common Stock 

7.08 

5.37 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Common Stock: Basic and diluted 

19,607,788 

19,607,788 

19,607,788 

Basic and diluted earnings per share of Series N Non-Voting Common Stock 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Series N Non-Voting Common Stock: Basic and diluted 

Related party revenues for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, net of eliminations, were 37.1 million, 35.2 million and 31.6 million, respectively. 

Related party costs and expenses for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, net of eliminations, were 90.5 million, 90.7 million and 71.8 million, respectively. 

Please see Note 20, Related Party Transactions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the related party revenues and costs and expenses. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-5 

U-Haul Holding Company and Consolidated Subsidiaries 

Consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 

Pre-tax 

Tax 

Net 

(In thousands) 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

) 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation 

) 

) 

Unrealized net loss on investments 

) 

) 

Change in fair value of cash flow hedges 

) 

Amounts reclassified into earnings on hedging activities 

) 

) 

Change in postretirement benefit obligations 

) 

Total other comprehensive (loss) income 

) 

) 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

) 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2022 

Pre-tax 

Tax 

Net 

(In thousands) 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

) 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation 

) 

) 

Unrealized net loss on investments 

) 

) 

Change in fair value of cash flow hedges 

) 

Amounts reclassified into earnings on hedging activities 

) 

Change in postretirement benefit obligations 

) 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

) 

) 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

) 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2021 

Pre-tax 

Tax 

Net 

(In thousands) 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

) 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation 

) 

) 

Unrealized net gain on investments 

) 

Change in fair value of cash flow hedges 

) 

) 

Amounts reclassified into earnings on hedging activities 

) 

Change in postretirement benefit obligations 

) 

) 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

) 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-6 

U-Haul Holding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity 

Description 

Common Stock 

Series N Non-Voting Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Income (Loss) 

Retained Earnings 

Less: Treasury Common Stock 

Less: Treasury Preferred Stock 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

(In thousands) 

Balance as of March 31, 2020 

) 

) 

Adjustment for adoption of Topic 326 

) 

) 

Foreign currency translation 

) 

) 

Unrealized net gain on investments, net of tax 

Change in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax 

) 

) 

Amounts reclassified into earnings on hedging activities 

Change in postretirement benefit obligations, net of taxes 

) 

) 

Net earnings 

Common stock dividends: 2.50 per share for fiscal 2021) 

) 

) 

Net activity 

Balance as of March 31, 2021 

) 

) 

Foreign currency translation 

) 

) 

Unrealized net loss on investments, net of tax 

) 

) 

Change in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax 

Amounts reclassified into earnings on hedging activities 

Change in postretirement benefit obligations, net of taxes 

Net earnings 

Common stock dividends: 1.50 per share for fiscal 2022) 

) 

) 

Net activity 

) 

Balance as of March 31, 2022 

) 

) 

Common stock dividend 

) 

Foreign currency translation 

) 

) 

Unrealized net loss on investments, net of tax 

) 

) 

Change in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax 

Amounts reclassified into earnings on hedging activities 

) 

) 

Change in postretirement benefit obligations, net of taxes 

Net earnings 

Common stock dividends: 1.00 per share for fiscal 2023) 

) 

) 

Series N Non-Voting Common Stock dividends: 0.08 per share for fiscal 2023) 

) 

) 

Net activity 

) 

) 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

) 

) 

) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-7 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

consolidated statements of cash flows 

Years Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash provided by operations: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts related to investments, net 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Interest credited to policyholders 

Provision for allowance (recoveries) for losses on trade receivables, net 

) 

Provision for allowance for inventories and parts reserves 

Net gains on disposal of personal property 

) 

) 

) 

Net (gains) losses on disposal of real estate 

) 

Net (gains) losses on sales of investments 

) 

) 

Net (gains) losses on equity investments 

) 

) 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Net change in other operating assets and liabilities: 

Reinsurance recoverables and trade receivables 

) 

) 

Inventories and parts 

) 

) 

) 

Prepaid expenses 

) 

Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

) 

) 

) 

Other assets and Right of use assets - operating, net 

Related party assets 

) 

) 

) 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses and operating lease liabilities 

Policy benefits and losses, claims and loss expenses payable 

) 

) 

) 

Other policyholders' funds and liabilities 

) 

) 

Deferred income 

Related party liabilities 

) 

) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Escrow deposits 

) 

) 

Purchase of: 

Property, plant and equipment 

) 

) 

) 

Short term investments 

) 

) 

) 

Fixed maturity investments 

) 

) 

) 

Equity securities 

) 

) 

) 

Preferred stock 

) 

) 

Real estate 

) 

) 

) 

Mortgage loans 

) 

) 

) 

Proceeds from sales and paydowns of: 

Property, plant and equipment 

Short term investments 

Fixed maturity investments 

Equity securities 

Preferred stock 

Real estate 

Mortgage loans 

Net cash used by investing activities 

) 

) 

) 

Page 1 of 2 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-8 

U-Haul Holding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

consolidated statements of cash flows (continued) 

Years Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings from credit facilities 

Principal repayments on credit facilities 

) 

) 

) 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

) 

) 

) 

Finance lease payments 

) 

) 

) 

Securitization deposits 

Common stock dividends paid 

) 

) 

) 

Series N Non-Voting Common Stock dividends paid 

) 

Investment contract deposits 

Investment contract withdrawals 

) 

) 

) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effects of exchange rate on cash 

) 

) 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

) 

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year 

Page 2 of 2 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-9 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements 

1.Basis of Presentation 

Note 2. Principles of Consolidation 
 
 reportable segments. They are Moving and Storage, Property and Casualty Insurance and Life Insurance. 

F-10 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Note 3. 
 
 Accounting Policies 

. Accounts at each Canadian financial institution are insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation up to 

F-11 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

F-12 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

(a) Primarily held for internal usage, including equipment manufacturing and repair 

(b) Primarily held for retail sales 

Inventories consist primarily of truck and trailer parts and accessories used to manufacture and repair rental equipment as well as products and accessories available for retail sale. Inventory is held at our owned locations; our independent dealers do not hold any of our inventory. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. 

and 

of the total inventories for March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Had we utilized the first-in first-out method FIFO ), stated inventory balances would have been 

million and 

million higher as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, the negative effect on income due to liquidation of a portion of the LIFO inventory was 

million, 

million and 

million, 

million and 

million during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Equipment depreciation is recognized in amounts expected to result in the recovery of estimated residual values upon disposal, i.e., minimize gains or losses. In determining the depreciation rate, historical disposal experience, holding periods and trends in the market for vehicles are reviewed. 
 
 We regularly perform reviews to determine whether facts and circumstances exist which indicate that the carrying amount of assets, including estimates of residual value, may not be recoverable or that the useful life of assets are shorter or longer than originally estimated. Reductions in residual values (i.e., the price at which we ultimately expect to dispose of revenue earning equipment) or useful lives will result in an increase in depreciation expense over the remaining life of the equipment. Reviews are performed based on vehicle class, generally the subcategories of trucks and trailers. We assess the recoverability of our assets by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related asset or group of assets over their estimated remaining lives against their respective carrying amounts. We consider factors such as current and expected future market price trends on used vehicles and the expected life of vehicles included in the fleet. Impairment, if any, is based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets. If asset residual values are determined to be recoverable, but the useful lives are shorter or longer than originally estimated, the net book value of the assets is depreciated over the newly determined remaining useful lives. 

F-13 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

, 

, 

, 

, 

, 

, and 

during years one through seven, respectively and then reduced on a straight line basis to a salvage value of 

by the end of year fifteen. Comparatively, a standard straight line approach would reduce the book value by approximately 

per year over the life of the truck. 

Although we intend to sell our used vehicles for prices approximating book value, the extent to which we realize a gain or loss on the sale of used vehicles is dependent upon various factors including, but not limited to, the general state of the used vehicle market, the age and condition of the vehicle at the time of its disposal and the depreciation rates with respect to the vehicle 
 . 
 We typically sell our used vehicles at our sales centers throughout the United States and Canada, on our website at uhaul.com/trucksales or by phone at 1-866-404-0355. Additionally, we sell a large portion of our pickup and cargo van fleet at automobile dealer auctions. 

million and 

F-14 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

F-15 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

million and 

Leases 

F-16 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

million, 

million and 

million and 

million, respectively on the consolidated balance sheet and amortization expense totaled 

million, 

million and 

F-17 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

F-18 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

million to 

million to AOCI as stated as of the transition date of January 1, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 we estimate that the transition date reduction to AOCI will significantly reverse primarily as a result of increases in market interest rates from the January 1, 2021 transition date to December 31, 2022.. 

While the Company has substantially completed the necessary updates to its valuation models and other systems to implement the standard, the Company s implementation of the new guidance is continuing to be refined and reviewed. The actual impact of adoption, including the actual tax rates, will be finalized upon completion of the Company s disclosure and controls procedures regarding the adoption of ASU 2018-12. Therefore, the Company s estimate of the impact of adoption may be different than the actual impact of adoption. 

4. Earnings Per Share 

F-19 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Total weighted average shares outstanding for Voting Common Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock 

Percent of weighted average shares outstanding of Voting Common Stock 

Net earnings available to common stockholders 

Voting Common Stock dividends declared 

) 

) 

) 

Non-Voting Common Stock dividends declared 

) 

Undistributed earnings available to common stockholders 

Undistributed earnings available to common stockholders allocated to Voting Common Stock 

Undistributed earnings per share of Voting Common Stock 

Dividends declared per share of Voting Common Stock 

Basic and diluted earnings per share of Voting Common Stock 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Non-Voting Common Stock 

Total weighted average shares outstanding for Voting Common Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock 

Percent of weighted average shares outstanding of Non-Voting Common Stock 

Net earnings available to common stockholders 

Voting Common Stock dividends declared 

) 

) 

) 

Non-Voting Common Stock dividends declared 

) 

Undistributed earnings available to common stockholders 

Undistributed earnings available to common stockholders allocated to Non-Voting Common Stock 

Undistributed earnings per share of Non-Voting Common Stock 

Dividends declared per share of Non-Voting Common Stock 

Basic and diluted earnings per share of Non-Voting Common Stock 

F-20 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Note 6. 
 
 Investments 

Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities as borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

We deposit bonds with insurance regulatory authorities to meet statutory requirements. The adjusted cost of bonds on deposit with insurance regulatory authorities was 

million and 

million for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Available-for-Sale Investments 

Available-for-sale investments as of March 31, 2023 were as follows: 

Amortized 

Cost 

Gross 

Unrealized 

Gains 

Gross 

Unrealized 

Losses More than 12 Months 

Gross 

Unrealized 

Losses Less than 12 Months 

Allowance for Expected Credit Losses 

Fair 

Value 

(In thousands) 

U.S. treasury securities and government obligations 

) 

) 

U.S. government agency mortgage-backed securities 

) 

) 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

) 

) 

Corporate securities 

) 

) 

) 

Mortgage-backed securities 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Available-for-sale investments as of March 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Amortized 

Cost 

Gross 

Unrealized 

Gains 

Gross 

Unrealized 

Losses More than 12 Months 

Gross 

Unrealized 

Losses Less than 12 Months 

Allowance for Expected Credit Losses 

Fair 

Value 

(in thousands) 

U.S. treasury securities and government obligations 

) 

U.S. government agency mortgage-backed securities 

) 

) 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

) 

Corporate securities 

) 

) 

) 

Mortgage-backed securities 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

F-21 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

We sold available-for-sale securities with a fair value of 

million, 

million and 

million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The gross realized gains on these sales totaled 

million, 

million and 

million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We realized gross losses on these sales of 

million, 

million and 

million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Changes in the allowance for credit losses are recorded as provision for (or reversal of) credit loss expense. There was a 

million net impairment charge reported in fiscal 2023. There were no impairments in fiscal 2022 or 2021. 

The adjusted cost and estimated market value of available-for-sale investments by contractual maturity, were as follows: 

March 31, 2023 

March 31, 2022 

Amortized 

Cost 

Fair 

Value 

Amortized 

Cost 

Fair 

Value 

(In thousands) 

Due in one year or less 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Equity investments of common stock and non-redeemable preferred stock were as follows: 

March 31, 2023 

March 31, 2022 

Amortized 

Cost 

Fair 

Value 

Amortized 

Cost 

Fair 

Value 

(In thousands) 

Common stocks 

Non-redeemable preferred stocks 

Investments, other 

The carrying value of other investments was as follows: 

March 31, 

2023 

2022 

(In thousands) 

Mortgage loans, net 

Short-term investments 

Real estate 

Policy loans 

Other equity investments 

F-22 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Mortgage loans are carried at the unpaid balance, less an allowance for expected losses net of any unamortized premium or discount. The portfolio of mortgage loans is principally collateralized by self-storage facilities and commercial properties. The interest rate range on the mortgage loans is 

to 

with maturities between 2023 and 2036. The allowance for expected losses was 

million for both March 31, 2023 and 2022. These loans represent first lien mortgages held by us. Mortgage loans are reviewed on an ongoing basis and analysis may include market analysis, estimated valuations of the underlying collateral, loan to value ratios, tenant creditworthiness and other factors. For our mortgage loans, no specifically identified loans were impaired as of March 31, 2023. We have not experienced any material losses related to the notes from individual or groups of notes in any particular industry or geographic area. 

Short-term investments consist primarily of investments in money market funds, mutual funds and any other investments with short-term characteristics that have original maturities of less than one year at acquisition. These investments are recorded at cost, which approximates fair value. 

Real estate held for future development or use is carried at the lower of fair value at time of acquisition or current estimated fair value less cost to sell. Other equity investments are carried at cost and assessed for impairment. 

Insurance policy loans are carried at their unpaid balance. 

F-23 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

(a) Certain loans have interest rate swaps fixing the rate between 2.72 and 2.86 based on current margin 

Real Estate Backed Loans 

Real Estate Loan 

Certain subsidiaries of Real Estate and U-Haul Company of Florida are borrowers under real estate loans. These loans require monthly or quarterly principal and interest payments, with the unpaid loan balance and accrued and unpaid interest due at maturity. These loans are secured by various properties owned by the borrowers. The interest rates, per the provisions of 

million of these loans, are the applicable Secured Overnight Funding Rate SOFR plus the applicable margins and a credit spread adjustment of 

. As of March 31, 2023, the applicable SOFR was between 

and 

and applicable margin was between 

and 

, the sum of which, including the credit spread, was between 

and 

. The remaining 

million of these loans was fixed with an interest rate of 

. The default provisions of these real estate loans include non-payment of principal or interest and other standard reporting and change-in-control covenants. We are in compliance with the covenants as of March 31, 2023. 

Senior Mortgages 
 
 Various subsidiaries of Real Estate and U-Haul are borrowers under certain senior mortgages. The senior mortgages require monthly principal and interest payments. The senior mortgages are secured by certain properties owned by the borrowers. The fixed interest rates, per the provisions of the senior mortgages, range between and . The weighted average interest rate of these loans as of March 31, 2023 was . Certain senior mortgages have an anticipated repayment date and a maturity date. If these senior mortgages are not repaid by the anticipated repayment date, the interest rate on these mortgages would increase from the current fixed rate. We are using the anticipated repayment date for our maturity schedule. Real Estate and U-Haul have provided limited guarantees of the senior mortgages. The default provisions of the senior mortgages include non-payment of principal or interest and other standard reporting and change-in-control covenants. We are in compliance with the covenants as of March 31, 2023. There are limited restrictions regarding our use of the funds. 

F-24 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

million. As of March 31, 2023, the full capacity was available to borrow. This loan agreement provides for revolving loans, subject to the terms of the loan agreement. This loan requires monthly interest payments with the unpaid loan balance and accrued and unpaid interest due at maturity. The default provisions of the loan include non-payment of principal or interest and other standard reporting and change-in-control covenants. We are in compliance with the covenants as of March 31, 2023. There is a 

fee charged for unused capacity. This loan was amended in October 2022 and the maximum credit limit was increased from 

million to 

million, the maturity extended to October 2027 and LIBOR based rates were replaced with SOFR based rates. 

Fleet Loans 

Rental Truck Amortizing Loans 

The amortizing loans require monthly principal and interest payments, with the unpaid loan balance and accrued and unpaid interest due at maturity. These loans were used to purchase new trucks. The interest rates, per the provision of the loan agreements, are carried at fixed rates ranging between 

and 

. 
 
 All of our rental truck amortizing loans are collateralized by the rental equipment purchased. 
 
 The majority of these loans are funded at 70 , but some may be funded at 100 . U-Haul Holding Company, and in some cases U-Haul, is guarantor of these loans. The default provisions of these loans include non-payment of principal or interest and other standard reporting and change-in-control covenants. We are in compliance with the covenants as of March 31, 2023. The net book value of the corresponding rental equipment was 213.1 million and 253.3 million as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Rental Truck Revolvers 

Various subsidiaries of U-Haul entered into three revolving fleet loans with an aggregate borrowing capacity of 

million. The aggregate outstanding balance for these revolvers as of March 31, 2023 was 

million. The interest rates, per the provision of the loan agreements, are SOFR plus the applicable margin and a credit spread adjustment of 

. As of March 31, 2023, SOFR was between 

and 

and the margin was between 

and 

, the sum of which, including the credit spread, was between 

and 

. Of the 

million outstanding, 

million was fixed with an interest rate of 

. Only interest is paid on the loans until the last nine months of the respective loan terms when principal becomes due monthly. The default provisions of the loan include non-payment of principal or interest and other standard reporting and change-in-control covenants. We are in compliance with the covenants as of March 31, 2023. These fleet loans are collateralized by the rental equipment purchased. The net book value of the corresponding rental equipment was 822.0 million and 654.6 million as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Finance Leases 
 
 The Finance Lease balance represents our sale-leaseback transactions of rental equipment. The agreements are generally seven with interest rates ranging from to . All of our finance leases are collateralized by our rental fleet. The net book value of the corresponding rental equipment was 474.8 million and 620.8 million as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. There were no new financing leases, as assessed under the new leasing guidance, entered into during fiscal 2023. The default provisions of the loan include non-payment of principal or interest and other standard reporting and change-in-control covenants. We are in compliance with the covenants as of March 31, 2023. 

F-25 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

and interest rates ranging from 

to 

. These finance liabilities are collateralized by the related assets of our rental fleet. 
 
 The net book value of the corresponding rental equipment was 1,499.1 million and 1,068.3 million as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. The default provisions of the loan include non-payment of principal or interest and other standard reporting and change-in-control covenants. We are in compliance with the covenants as of March 31, 2023. 

Private Placements 

In September 2021, U-Haul Holding Company entered into a note purchase agreement to issue 

million of fixed rate senior unsecured notes in a private placement offering. 
 
 These notes consist of four tranches each totaling 

million and funded in September 2021. 
 
 The fixed interest rates range between 

and 

with maturities between 

and 

. 
 
 Interest is payable semiannually. The default provisions of the loan include non-payment of principal or interest and other standard reporting and change-in-control covenants. We are in compliance with the covenants as of March 31, 2023. 

In December 2021, U-Haul Holding Company entered into a note purchase agreement to issue 

million of fixed rate senior unsecured notes in a private placement offering. These notes consist of three tranches each totaling 

million and two tranches each totaling 

million. 
 
 The fixed interest rates range between 

and 

with maturities between 

and 

. 
 
 Interest is payable semiannually. The default provisions of the loan include non-payment of principal or interest and other standard reporting and change-in-control covenants. We are in compliance with the covenants as of March 31, 2023. 

Other Obligations 

In February 2011, U-Haul Holding Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, NA, as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association (the Trustee ), entered into the U-Haul Investors Club 
 
 Indenture. 
 
 U-Haul Holding Company and the Trustee entered into this indenture to provide for the issuance of notes by us directly to investors over our proprietary website, uhaulinvestorsclub.com U-Notes 
). The U-Notes 
 
 are secured by various types of collateral, including, but not limited to, certain rental equipment and real estate. 
 
 U-Notes 
 
 are issued in smaller series that vary as to principal amount, interest rate and maturity. 
 
 U-Notes 
 
 are obligations of the Company and secured by the associated collateral; they are not guaranteed by any of the Company s affiliates or subsidiaries. 

As of March 31, 2023, the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the U-Notes 
 
 issued was 

million, of which 

million is held by our insurance subsidiaries and eliminated in consolidation. Interest rates range between 

and 

and maturity dates range between 

and 

. 
 
 Oxford is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB and, as such, the FHLB has made deposits with Oxford. As of December 31, 2022, the deposits had an aggregate balance of million, with an availability of million, for which Oxford pays fixed interest rates between and with maturities between March 30, 2023 and September 30, 2027. As of December 31, 2022, available-for-sale investments held with the FHLB totaled million, of which million were pledged as collateral to secure the outstanding advances. The balances of these advances are included within Liabilities from investment contracts on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

F-26 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Interest paid in cash amounted to 

million, 

million and 

million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest paid (received) in cash on derivative contracts was 0.8) million, 4.0 million and 3.6 million, for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Interest Rates 

Interest rates and our revolving credit borrowings were as follows: 

F-27 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

The Effect of Interest Rate 

Contracts on the Statements of Operations 

Years Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

(Gain) loss recognized in AOCI on interest rate contracts 

) 

) 

) 

(Gain) loss reclassified from AOCI into income 

) 

) 

(Gains) or losses recognized in income on interest rate derivatives are recorded as interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. During fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recognized an increase (decrease) in the fair value of our cash flow hedges of 5.0, 0.5 million and 0.4) million, respectively, net of taxes. During fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, we reclassified 0.8) million, 3.9 million and 3.6 million, respectively, from AOCI to interest expense. As of March 31, 2023, we expect to reclassify 

million of net gains on interest rate contracts from AOCI to earnings as interest expense over the next twelve months. 
 
 We use derivatives to economically hedge our equity market exposure to indexed annuity products sold by our Life Insurance company. These contracts earn a return for the contractholder based on the change in the value of the S P 500 index between annual index point dates. We buy and sell listed equity and index call options and call option spreads. The credit risk is with the party in which the options are written. The net option price is paid up front and there are no additional cash requirements or additional contingent liabilities. These contracts are held at fair value on our balance sheet. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, these derivative hedges had a fair value of million and million, with notional amounts of million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, these derivative instruments are included in Investments, other, on the consolidated balance sheets. Net (gains) losses recognized in net investment and interest income for fiscal year 2023, 2022 and 2021 were million, million and million, respectively. 

F-28 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

F-29 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Non-Voting Common Stock Dividends 

Declared Date 

Per Share Amount 

Record Date 

Dividend Date 

As of March 31, 2023, no awards had been issued under the 2016 AMERCO Stock Option Plan. 

Creation of the Series N Non-Voting Common Stock 

Effective October 24, 2022, the Company created a new series of common stock, designated as Non-Voting Common Stock. The Non-Voting Common Stock has a par value of 
 0.001 
 per share, 
 250,000,000 
 shares authorized and trades on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the ticker symbol UHAL.B . 
 
 Shares of the Company s Voting Common Stock also trade on the NYSE under the ticker symbol UHAL. 

9-for-1 Stock Dividend Involving Non-Voting Common Stock 

On October 24, 2022, the Company issued shares of the Non-Voting Common Stock through a stock dividend, on a 9-for-1 basis, to then-existing holders of the Company s Voting Common Stock. 
 The shares of Non-Voting Common Stock were distributed after the close of trading on November 9, 2022, to stockholders of record of Voting Common Stock at the close of business on November 3, 2022. Trading of the 
 176,470,092 
 shares of Non-Voting Common Stock began on November 10, 2022. 

Dividend Policy for Non-Voting Common Stock 

In response to the Committee s recommendation to consider a dividend policy, the Board adopted a dividend policy for the new Non-Voting Common Stock. 

Unless the Board in its sole discretion determines otherwise, it shall be the policy of the Company to declare and pay a quarterly cash dividend on each share of the Company s Non-Voting Common Stock, in the amount of 
 0.04 
 per share. This policy commenced in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023. 

F-30 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

The difference between the tax provision at the statutory federal income tax rate and the tax provision attributable to income before taxes was as follows: 

F-31 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

On March 27, 2020, former President Trump signed into U.S. federal law the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), which was aimed at providing emergency assistance and health care for individuals, families, and businesses affected by COVID-19 global pandemic and generally supporting the U.S. economy. 
 
 The CARES Act, among other things, includes provisions relating to refundable payroll tax credits, deferment of employer side social security payments, net operating loss carryback periods, alternative minimum tax credit refunds, modifications to the net interest deduction limitations, increased limitations on qualified charitable contributions, and technical corrections to tax depreciation methods for qualified improvement property. In particular, the CARES Act allows for net operating losses NOL generated in 2018, 2019, or 2020 to be carried back 5 years. 

As a result, we filed applicable forms with the IRS to carryback NOLs. The statutory tax rate for the carryback years was 35 as compared to 21 at present. 
 
 Consequently, we recognized a benefit amount of 

million for fiscal year 2020. These refund claims total approximately 

million, of which we have received approximately 

million in fiscal 2022 and are reflected in prepaid expense. As refunds are received, they will reduce this amount. We have estimated and recorded 
 
 the overall effects of the CARES Act and do not anticipate a material change. 

As a result, the NOL and credit carry-forwards in the above table are primarily attributable to state NOLs. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, we had state NOLs of 

million and 

million, respectively, that will begin to expire March 31, 2024, if not utilized. 

On March 3, 2021, the IRS notifiied us that our federal inome tax returns for the tax years March 31, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2018 and 2019 were selected for examination. The IRS agent in charged confirmed that this is a limited scope examination arising out of NOL carryback claims and is a standard procedure for the IRS to process the refund. As such, the scope of the exam is expected to be limited to the items reported on Forms 1139 and related schedules only. As of now, we are still working with the IRS agent and there is no audit adjustment for any of the above tax periods. 
 
 No additional income taxes have been provided for any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to transition tax, or any additional outside basis difference inherent in these entities, as these amounts continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax and additional outside basis difference in these entities (i.e., basis difference in excess of that subject to the one-time transition tax) is not practicable. 

F-32 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

We recognize interest related to unrecognized tax benefits as interest expense, and penalties as income tax expenses. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the amount of interest accrued on unrecognized tax benefits was 

million and 

million, respectively, net of tax. During the current year, we recorded expense from interest in the amount of 

million, net of tax. 

million, million and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

F-33 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

million, 

million and 

million, respectively to the Plan Trust. During fiscal 2023, ESOP purchased for allocation 424,484 of non-leveraged Non-Voting Common Stock shares and during fiscal 2022, ESOP purchased for allocation 33,954 of non-leveraged Voting Common Stock shares. 

Shares held by the ESOP were as follows: 

Post Retirement and Post Employment Benefits 

We provide a health reimbursement benefit to our eligible U.S. employees and their eligible dependents upon retirement from the Company. The retiree must have attained age sixty-five and earned twenty years of full-time service upon retirement to be awarded the health reimbursement benefit. The health reimbursement benefit is capped at a 

lifetime maximum per covered person. Reimbursements are for amounts requested that are paid out of pocket after Medicare and any other medical policies in force. 

In addition, retirees who have attained age sixty-five and earned at least twenty years of full-time service upon retirement from the Company are entitled to group term life insurance benefits. The life insurance benefit is 

plus 

for each year of employment over twenty years. The benefits are not funded, and claims are paid as they are incurred. We use a March 31 measurement date for our post retirement benefit disclosures. 

F-34 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

The discount rate assumptions in computing the information above were as follows: 

In December 2003, the Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 became law. Net periodic post retirement benefit cost above includes the effect of the subsidy. The discount rate represents the expected yield on a portfolio of high grade (AA to AAA rated or equivalent) fixed income investments with cash flow streams sufficient to satisfy benefit obligations under the plan when due. Fluctuations in the discount rate assumptions primarily reflect changes in U.S. interest rates. The assumed health care cost trend rate used to measure the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation as of the end of fiscal 2023 was 

in the initial year and was projected to decline annually to an ultimate rate of 

in fiscal 2047. The assumed health care cost trend rate used to measure the accumulated post retirement benefit obligation as of the end of fiscal 2022 (and used to measure the fiscal 2023 net periodic benefit cost) was 4.9 in the initial year and was projected to decline annually to an ultimate rate of 4.0 in fiscal 2046. 
 
 Post-employment benefits provided by us, other than upon retirement, are not material. 

F-35 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

F-36 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

F-37 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

F-38 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Direct 

Ceded to 

Other 

Assumed 

from Other 

Net 

Percentage of 

Amount 

(a) 
 
 Balances are reported net of inter-segment transactions. 

Reserves for recognizing a premium deficiency included in future policy benefits are established, if necessary, when the liability for future policy benefits plus the present value of expected future gross premiums are determined to be materially insufficient to provide for expected future policy benefits and expenses. Additionally, in certain instances the policyholder liability for a particular line of business may not be deficient in the aggregate to trigger loss recognition, but the pattern of earnings may be such that profits are expected to be recognized in earlier years followed by losses in later years. In these situations, accounting standards require that an additional liability be recognized by an amount necessary to sufficiently offset the losses that would be recognized in later years. The Company has not recognized any reserves related to premium deficiencies in the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 To the extent that a reinsurer is unable to meet its obligation under the related reinsurance agreements, Repwest would remain liable for the unpaid losses and loss expenses. Pursuant to certain of these agreements, Repwest holds letters of credit as of December 31, 2022 in the amount of 0.1 million from re-insurers. 

F-39 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Activity in the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses for Property and Casualty Insurance is summarized as follows: 

Prior year incurred losses were impacted by favorable development on numerous Excess Workers Compensation claims. The liability for incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses (net of reinsurance recoverable of 41.3 million) decreased by 7.3 million as of December 31, 2022. 

F-40 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

The following table presents paid claims development as of December 31, 2022, net of reinsurance. Claims data for 2016 through 2021 is unaudited. Claims data for 2022 is audited. 

F-41 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

The following is supplementary information about average historical claims duration as of December 31, 2022. The following is unaudited. 

F-42 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, we had finance leases for the ROU assets, net of 

million and 

million, respectively and operating leases of 

million and 

million, respectively. 

For fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, cash paid for leases included in our operating cash flow activities were 

million, 

million and 

million, respectively, and our financing cash flow activities were 

million, 

million and 

million, respectively. 
 
 Non-cash activities of ROU assets in exchange for lease liabilities were 

million, 

million and 

million for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The components of lease costs, including leases of less than 12 months, were as follows: 

The short-term lease costs for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 were not material. 

F-43 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

F-44 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

We currently manage the self-storage properties owned or leased by Blackwater and Mercury Partners, L.P. Mercury ), pursuant to a standard form of management agreement, under which we receive a management fee of between 

and 

of the gross receipts plus reimbursement for certain expenses. We received management fees, exclusive of reimbursed expenses, of 

million, 

million and 

million from the above-mentioned entities during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in management fees received in fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 was due to a timing difference of the incentive fee of 

million being paid in March of fiscal 2022. 
 
 This management fee is consistent with the fee received for other properties we previously managed for third parties. Mark V. Shoen controls the general partner of Mercury. The limited partner interests of Mercury are owned indirectly by James P. Shoen and various trusts benefitting Edward J. Shoen and James P. Shoen or their descendants. 
 
 Mercury holds the option to purchase a portfolio of properties currently leased by Mercury and a U-Haul subsidiary, which option is exercisable in 2024. Mercury has notified W.P. Carey, the lessor, of its intent to purchase these properties. 

Related Party Costs and Expenses 

We lease space for marketing company offices, vehicle repair shops and hitch installation centers from subsidiaries of Blackwater. The terms of the leases are similar to the terms of leases for other properties owned by unrelated parties that are leased to us. 

F-45 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

million, 

million and 

million, expenses of 

million, 

million and 

million and cash flows of 

million, 

million and 

million during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Revenues were 

million, 

million and 

million and commission expenses were 

million, 

million and 

million, respectively, related to Dealer Agreements for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. 

Management determined that we do not have a variable interest pursuant to the VIE model under ASC 810 in the holding entities of Blackwater. 

Related Party Assets 

F-46 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

The amount of dividends that can be paid to shareholders by insurance companies domiciled in the State of Arizona is limited. There are restrictions on the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to transfer funds to us in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances. Their ordinary dividends are limited to the lower of 10 of prior year statutory surplus or prior year net income. Any extraordinary dividend, loans or advances to us from the insurance subsidiaries must be approved by the domiciliary insurance commissioner. Any dividend in excess of the limit requires prior regulatory approval. The statutory surplus for Repwest as of December 31, 2022 that could be distributed as ordinary dividends was 29.5 million. Oxford had a statutory net loss as of December 31, 2022, so no dividends can be distributed in calendar year 2023. Repwest paid a dividend of 22.6 million to U-Haul Holding Company during fiscal 2021. Repwest did not pay a dividend to U-Haul Holding Company in fiscal 2023 or 2022. Oxford paid a dividend of 18.6 million to U-Haul Holding Company during fiscal 2021. 
 
 Oxford did not pay a dividend to U-Haul Holding Company in fiscal 2023 or 2022. Restricted net assets for our insurance subsidiaries were 95.8 million and 91.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F-47 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

F-48 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Consolidating balance sheets by industry segment as of March 
 
 31, 2023 are as follows: 

Moving Storage 

Consolidated 

Property Casualty Insurance (a) 

Life 

Insurance (a) 

Eliminations 

U-Haul Holding Company Consolidated 

(In thousands) 

Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Reinsurance recoverables and trade receivables, net 

Inventories and parts, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Investments, fixed maturities and marketable equities 

Investments, other 

Deferred policy acquisition costs, net 

Other assets 

Right of use assets - financing, net 

Right of use assets - operating, net 

Related party assets 

) 

(c) 

) 

Investment in subsidiaries 

) 

(b) 

Property, plant and equipment, at cost: 

Land 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture and equipment 

Rental trailers and other rental equipment 

Rental trucks 

Less: 
 
 Accumulated depreciation 

) 

) 

Total property, plant and equipment, net 

Total assets 

) 

(a) 
 
 Balances as of December 31, 2022 

(b) Eliminate investment in subsidiaries 

(c) Eliminate intercompany receivables and payables 

F-49 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Consolidating balance sheets by industry segment as of March 
 
 31, 2023 are as follows: 

Moving Storage 

Consolidated 

Property Casualty Insurance (a) 

Life 

Insurance (a) 

Eliminations 

U-Haul Holding Company Consolidated 

(In thousands) 

Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Notes, loans and finance leases payable, net 

Operating lease liabilities 

Policy benefits and losses, claims and loss expenses payable 

Liabilities from investment contracts 

Other policyholders' funds and liabilities 

Deferred income 

Deferred income taxes, net 

) 

Related party liabilities 

) 

(c) 

Total liabilities 

) 

Stockholders' equity : 

Series preferred stock: 

Series A preferred stock 

Series B preferred stock 

Series A common stock 

Voting Common stock 

) 

(b) 

Non-Voting Common Stock 

176 

176 

Additional paid-in capital 

) 

(b) 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

) 

) 

) 

(b) 

) 

Retained earnings 

) 

(b) 

Cost of common shares in treasury, net 

) 

) 

Cost of preferred shares in treasury, net 

) 

) 

Total stockholders' equity 

) 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

) 

(a) 
 
 Balances as of December 31, 2022 

(b) Eliminate investment in subsidiaries 

(c) Eliminate intercompany receivables and payables 

F-50 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Consolidating balance sheets by industry segment as of March 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Moving Storage 

Consolidated 

Property Casualty Insurance (a) 

Life 

Insurance (a) 

Eliminations 

U-Haul Holding Company Consolidated 

(In thousands) 

Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Reinsurance recoverables and trade receivables, net 

Inventories and parts, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Investments, fixed maturities and marketable equities 

Investments, other 

Deferred policy acquisition costs, net 

Other assets 

Right of use assets - financing, net 

Right of use assets - operating, net 

Related party assets 

) 

(c) 

) 

Investment in subsidiaries 

) 

(b) 

Property, plant and equipment, at cost: 

Land 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture and equipment 

Rental trailers and other rental equipment 

Rental trucks 

Less: 
 
 Accumulated depreciation 

) 

) 

Total property, plant and equipment, net 

Total assets 

) 

(a) 
 
 Balances as of December 31, 2021 

(b) Eliminate investment in subsidiaries 

(c) Eliminate intercompany receivables and payables 

F-51 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Consolidating balance sheets by industry segment as of March 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Moving Storage 

Consolidated 

Property Casualty Insurance (a) 

Life 

Insurance (a) 

Eliminations 

U-Haul Holding Company Consolidated 

(In thousands) 

Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Notes, loans and leases payable, net 

Operating lease liabilities 

Policy benefits and losses, claims and loss expenses payable 

Liabilities from investment contracts 

Other policyholders' funds and liabilities 

Deferred income 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Related party liabilities 

) 

(c) 

Total liabilities 

) 

Stockholders' equity : 

Series preferred stock: 

Series A preferred stock 

Series B preferred stock 

Series A common stock 

Voting Common stock 

) 

(b) 

Additional paid-in capital 

) 

(b) 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

) 

(b) 

Retained earnings 

) 

(b) 

Cost of common shares in treasury, net 

) 

) 

Cost of preferred shares in treasury, net 

) 

) 

Total stockholders' equity 

) 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

) 

(a) 
 
 Balances as of December 31, 2021 

(b) Eliminate investment in subsidiaries 

(c) Eliminate intercompany receivables and payables 

F-52 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Consolidating statements of operations by industry segment for year ending March 31, 2023 are as follows: 

Moving Storage 

Consolidated 

Property Casualty Insurance (a) 

Life 

Insurance (a) 

Eliminations 

U-Haul Holding Company Consolidated 

(In thousands) 

Revenues: 

Self-moving equipment rentals 

) 

(c) 

Self-storage revenues 

Self-moving and self-storage products and service sales 

Property management fees 

Life insurance premiums 

Property and casualty insurance premiums 

) 

(c) 

Net investment and interest income 

) 

(b) 

Other revenue 

) 

(b) 

Total revenues 

) 

Costs and expenses: 

Operating expenses 

) 

(b,c) 

Commission expenses 

Cost of sales 

Benefits and losses 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

Lease expense 

) 

(b) 

Depreciation, net of gains on disposal 

Net losses on disposal of real estate 

Total costs and expenses 

) 

Earnings from operations before equity in earnings of subsidiaries 

) 

Equity in earnings of subsidiaries 

) 

(d) 

Earnings from operations 

) 

Other components of net periodic benefit costs 

) 

) 

Interest expense 

) 

) 

(b) 

) 

Fees on early extinguishment of debt 

) 

) 

Pretax earnings 

) 

Income tax expense 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Net earnings available to common stockholders 

) 

(a) 
 
 Balances for the year ended December 31, 2022 

(b) Eliminate intercompany lease / interest income 

(c) Eliminate intercompany premiums 

(d) Eliminate equity in earnings of subsidiaries 

F-53 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Consolidating statements of operations by industry segment for year ending March 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Moving Storage 

Consolidated 

Property Casualty Insurance (a) 

Life 

Insurance (a) 

Eliminations 

U-Haul Holding Company Consolidated 

(In thousands) 

Revenues: 

Self-moving equipment rentals 

) 

(c) 

Self-storage revenues 

Self-moving and self-storage products and service sales 

Property management fees 

Life insurance premiums 

Property and casualty insurance premiums 

) 

(c) 

Net investment and interest income 

) 

(b) 

Other revenue 

) 

(b) 

Total revenues 

) 

Costs and expenses: 

Operating expenses 

) 

(b,c) 

Commission expenses 

Cost of sales 

Benefits and losses 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

Lease expense 

) 

(b) 

Depreciation, net gains on disposals 

Net gains on disposal of real estate 

) 

) 

Total costs and expenses 

) 

Earnings from operations before equity in earnings of subsidiaries 

) 

Equity in earnings of subsidiaries 

) 

(d) 

Earnings from operations 

) 

Other components of net periodic benefit costs 

) 

) 

Interest expense 

) 

) 

(b) 

) 

Fees on early extinguishment of debt 

) 

) 

Pretax earnings 

) 

Income tax expense 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Net earnings available to common stockholders 

) 

(a) 
 
 Balances for the year ended December 31, 2021 

(b) Eliminate intercompany lease/interest income 

(c) Eliminate intercompany premiums 

(d) Eliminate equity in earnings of subsidiaries 

F-54 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Consolidating statements of operations by industry segment for year ending March 31, 2021 are as follows: 

Moving Storage 

Consolidated 

Property Casualty Insurance (a) 

Life 

Insurance (a) 

Eliminations 

U-Haul Holding Company Consolidated 

(In thousands) 

Revenues: 

Self-moving equipment rentals 

) 

(c) 

Self-storage revenues 

Self-moving and self-storage products and service sales 

Property management fees 

Life insurance premiums 

Property and casualty insurance premiums 

) 

(c) 

Net investment and interest income 

) 

(b) 

Other revenue 

) 

(b) 

Total revenues 

) 

Costs and expenses: 

Operating expenses 

) 

(b,c) 

Commission expenses 

Cost of sales 

Benefits and losses 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

Lease expense 

) 

(b) 

Depreciation, net gains on disposals 

Net losses on disposal of real estate 

Total costs and expenses 

) 

Earnings from operations before equity in earnings of subsidiaries 

) 

Equity in earnings of subsidiaries 

) 

(d) 

Earnings from operations 

) 

Other components of net periodic benefit costs 

) 

) 

Interest expense 

) 

(b) 

) 

Pretax earnings 

) 

Income tax expense 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Net earnings available to common stockholders 

) 

(a) 
 
 Balances for the year ended December 31, 2020 

(b) Eliminate intercompany lease/interest income 

(c) Eliminate intercompany premiums 

(d) Eliminate equity in earnings of subsidiaries 

F-55 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Consolidating cash flow statements by industry segment for the year ended March 31, 2023, are as follows: 

Moving Storage Consolidated 

Property Casualty 

Insurance (a) 

Life 

Insurance (a) 

Elimination 

U-Haul Holding Company Consolidated 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net earnings 

) 

Earnings from consolidated subsidiaries 

) 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash provided by operations: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts related to investments, net 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Interest credited to policyholders 

Provision for recoveries for losses on trade receivables, net 

) 

) 

) 

Provision for allowance for investggories and parts reserve 

Net gains on disposal of personal property 

) 

) 

Net losses on disposal of personal property 

Net (gains) losses on sales of investments 

Net losses on equity investments 

Deferred income taxes, net 

) 

) 

Net change in other operating assets and liabilities: 

Reinsurance recoverables and trade receivables 

Inventories and parts 

) 

) 

Prepaid expenses 

) 

) 

Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

) 

) 

Other assets and Right of use assets - operating, net 

) 

Related party assets 

) 

) 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses and operating lease liabilities 

Policy benefits and losses, claims and loss expenses payable 

) 

) 

) 

Other policyholders' funds and liabilities 

) 

) 

) 

Deferred income 

Related party liabilities 

) 

) 

) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Escrow deposits 

Purchases of: 

Property, plant and equipment 

) 

(b) 

) 

Short term investments 

) 

) 

) 

Fixed maturities investments 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Equity securities 

) 

) 

) 

Real estate 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Mortgage loans 

) 

) 

) 

Proceeds from sales and paydowns of: 

Property, plant and equipment 

Short term investments 

Fixed maturities investments 

Equity securities 

Real estate 

) 

(b) 

Mortgage loans 

Net cash used by investing activities 

) 

) 

) 

) 

(page 1 of 2) 

(a) Balance for the period ended December 31, 2022 

(b) Eliminate purchase and sale of real estate 

F-56 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Continuation of consolidating cash flow statements by industry segment for the year ended March 31, 2023, are as follows: 

Moving Storage Consolidated 

Property Casualty 

Insurance (a) 

Life 

Insurance (a) 

Elimination 

U-Haul Holding Company Consolidated 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings from credit facilities 

Principal repayments on credit facilities 

) 

) 

Payments of debt issuance costs 

) 

) 

Finance lease payments 

) 

) 

Securitization deposits 

Voting Common stock dividends paid 

) 

) 

Series N Non-Voting Common Stock dividends paid 

) 

) 

Investment contract deposits 

Investment contract withdrawals 

) 

) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effects of exchange rate on cash 

) 

) 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

) 

) 

) 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

(page 2 of 2) 

(a) Balance for the period ended December 31, 2022 

F-57 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Consolidating cash flow statements by industry segment for the year ended March 31, 2022, are as follows: 

Moving Storage Consolidated 

Property Casualty 

Insurance (a) 

Life 

Insurance (a) 

Elimination 

U-Haul Holding Company Consolidated 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net earnings 

) 

Earnings from consolidated subsidiaries 

) 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash provided by operations: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts related to investments, net 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Interest credited to policyholders 

Change in allowance (recoveries) for losses on trade receivables, net 

) 

) 

Change in allowance for inventories and parts reserve 

Net gains on disposal of personal property 

) 

) 

Net gains on disposal of real estate 

) 

) 

Net gains on sales of investments 

) 

) 

) 

Net gains on equity securities 

) 

) 

Deferred income taxes 

) 

Net change in other operating assets and liabilities: 

Reinsurance recoverables and trade receivables 

) 

) 

Inventories and parts 

) 

) 

Prepaid expenses 

Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

) 

) 

Other assets and Right of use assets - operating, net 

) 

Related party assets 

) 

) 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses and operating lease liabilities 

Policy benefits and losses, claims and loss expenses payable 

) 

) 

) 

Other policyholders' funds and liabilities 

) 

) 

) 

Deferred income 

) 

Related party liabilities 

) 

) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Escrow deposits 

) 

) 

Purchases of: 

Property, plant and equipment 

) 

) 

Short term investments 

) 

) 

Fixed maturities investments 

) 

) 

) 

Equity securities 

) 

) 

) 

Preferred stock 

) 

) 

Real estate 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Mortgage loans 

) 

) 

) 

Proceeds from sales and paydowns of: 

Property, plant and equipment 

Short term investments 

Fixed maturities investments 

Equity securities 

Preferred stock 

Real estate 

Mortgage loans 

Net cash (used) provided by investing activities 

) 

) 

) 

) 

(page 1 of 2) 

(a) Balance for the period ended December 31, 2021 

F-58 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Continuation of consolidating cash flow statements by industry segment for the year ended March 31, 2022, are as follows: 

Moving Storage Consolidated 

Property Casualty 

Insurance (a) 

Life 

Insurance (a) 

Elimination 

U-Haul Holding Company Consolidated 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings from credit facilities 

Principal repayments on credit facilities 

) 

) 

) 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

) 

) 

Finance lease payments 

) 

) 

Common stock dividends paid 

) 

) 

Investment contract deposits 

Investment contract withdrawals 

) 

) 

Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 

Effects of exchange rate on cash 

) 

) 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

) 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

(page 2 of 2) 

(a) Balance for the period ended December 31, 2021 

F-59 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Consolidating cash flow statements by industry segment for the year ended March 31, 2021 are as follows: 

Moving Storage 

Consolidated 

Property Casualty 

Insurance (a) 

Life 

Insurance (a) 

Elimination 

U-Haul Holding Company Consolidated 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net earnings 

) 

Earnings from consolidated subsidiaries 

) 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash provided by operations: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts related to investments, net 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Interest credited to policyholders 

Change in allowance (recoveries) for losses on trade receivables, net 

) 

) 

Change in allowance for inventories and parts reserve 

Net gains on disposal of personal property 

) 

) 

Net losses on disposal of real estate 

Net gains on sales of investments 

) 

) 

) 

Net gains on equity securities 

) 

) 

Deferred income taxes 

) 

Net change in other operating assets and liabilities: 

Reinsurance recoverables and trade receivables 

) 

) 

) 

Inventories and parts 

) 

) 

Prepaid expenses 

Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

) 

) 

Other assets and Right of use assets - operating, net 

) 

Related party assets 

) 

(b) 

) 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses and operating lease liabilities 

) 

Policy benefits and losses, claims and loss expenses payable 

) 

) 

Other policyholders' funds and liabilities 

) 

Deferred income 

Related party liabilities 

) 

(b) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Escrow deposits 

) 

) 

Purchases of: 

Property, plant and equipment 

) 

) 

Short term investments 

) 

) 

Fixed maturities investments 

) 

) 

) 

Equity securities 

) 

) 

Preferred stock 

) 

) 

Real estate 

) 

) 

Mortgage loans 

) 

) 

) 

Proceeds from sales and paydowns of: 

Property, plant and equipment 

Short term investments 

Fixed maturities investments 

Equity securities 

Preferred stock 

Real estate 

Mortgage loans 

Net cash used by investing activities 

) 

) 

) 

(page 1 of 2) 

(a) Balance for the period ended December 31, 2020 

(b) Eliminate intercompany recivables and payables 

F-60 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

Continuation of consolidating cash flow statements by industry segment for the year ended March 31, 2021 are as follows: 

Moving Storage 

Consolidated 

Property Casualty 

Insurance (a) 

Life 

Insurance (a) 

Elimination 

U-Haul Holding Company Consolidated 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings from credit facilities 

Principal repayments on credit facilities 

) 

) 

) 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

) 

) 

Finance lease payments 

) 

) 

Common stock dividends paid 

) 

) 

Net contribution from (to) related party 

) 

) 

Investment contract deposits 

Investment contract withdrawals 

) 

) 

Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 

) 

Effects of exchange rate on cash 

Increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

(page 2 of 2) 

(a) Balance for the period ended December 31, 2020 

F-61 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

F-62 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

The amounts above do not reflect future rental revenue from the renewal or replacement of existing leases. 

Revenue Recognized in Accordance with Other Topics 
 
 Traditional life and Medicare supplement insurance premiums are recognized as revenue over the premium-paying periods of the contracts when due from the policyholders. For products where premiums are due over a significantly shorter duration than the period over which benefits are provided, such as our single premium whole life product, premiums are recognized when received and excess profits are deferred and recognized in relation to the insurance in force. 

F-63 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

In the above table, the revenues recognized over time include property management fees, the shipping fees associated with U-Box rentals and a portion of other revenues. Revenues recognized at a point in time include self-moving equipment rentals, self-moving and self-storage products and service sales and a portion of other revenues. 

When management determines that credit losses are expected to occur, an allowance for expected credit losses based on the fair value of the collateral is recorded. 

Reinsurance recoverables 
 
 Reinsurance recoverable on paid and unpaid benefits was less than of the total assets as of January 1, 2022 which is immaterial based on historical loss experience and high credit rating of the reinsurers. 

F-64 

U-Haul HOlding Company and consolidated subsidiaries 

notes to consolidated financial statements (continued) 

million and 

million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in which the credit loss allowance is immaterial based on our ability to cancel the policy if the policyholder doesn t pay premiums. 

The following details the changes in the Company s reserve allowance for credit losses for trade receivables, fixed maturities and investments, other: 

F-65 

SCHEDULE 
 
 I 

CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF U-Haul Holding Company 

(Parent Company Only) 

BALANCE SHEETS 

March 31, 

2023 

2022 

(In thousands) 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investment in subsidiaries 

Related party assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Liabilities: 

Other liabilities 

2,601,631 

2,463,308 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock 

Voting Common stock 

Non-Voting Common Stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

) 

Retained earnings: 

Beginning of period 

Net earnings 

Common Stock Dividends 

) 

) 

Non-Voting Common Stock dividends 

) 

End of period 

Cost of common shares in treasury 

) 

) 

Cost of preferred shares in treasury 

) 

) 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

F-66 

CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF U-Haul Holding Company 

(Parent Company Only) 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Revenues: 

Net interest income and other revenues 

Expenses: 

Operating expenses 

Other expenses 

Total expenses 

Equity in earnings of subsidiaries 

Interest income 

Pretax earnings 

Income tax expense 

) 

) 

) 

Net earnings available to common shareholders 

Basic and diluted earnings per share of Common Stock 

5.54 

7.08 

5.37 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Common Stock: Basic and diluted 

19,607,788 

19,607,788 

19,607,788 

Basic and diluted earnings per share of Series N Non-Voting Common Stock 

4.62 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Series N Non-Voting Common Stock: Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF U-Haul Holding Company 

(Parent Company Only) 

STATEMENTS OF comprehensive income 

Years Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

) 

) 

Total comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

F-67 

CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF U-Haul Holding Company 

(Parent Company Only) 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW 

Years Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net earnings 

Change in investments in subsidiaries 

) 

) 

) 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash provided by operations: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Deferred income taxes 

Net change in other operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Other assets 

) 

) 

Related party assets 

) 

) 

) 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

) 

) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

) 

) 

) 

Purchase of fixed maturities investments 

(224,999) 

Net cash used by investing activities 

) 

) 

) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings from credit facilities 

Principal repayments on credit facilities 

) 

Debt issuance costs 

) 

) 

Proceeds from (repayments) of intercompany loans 

) 

) 

Common stock dividends paid 

) 

) 

) 

Non-Voting Common Stock dividends paid 

(14,117) 

Net contribution from related party 

Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 

) 

Effects of exchange rate on cash 

) 

) 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

) 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Income taxes paid (received) amounted to 145.7 
 
 million, 4.5) million and 29.0 million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

F-68 

CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF U-Haul holding company 

(parent company only) 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 

1. 
 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

2. 
 
 Guarantees 

F-69 

F-70 

) 

) 

2022 

Consolidated property 

casualty entity 

) 

2021 

Consolidated property 

casualty entity 

) 

) 

(1)The earned and written premiums are reported net of intersegment transactions. There were 2.9 million, 3.1 million and 1.5 million in written premiums and 3.0 million, 2.8 million and 1.8 million in earned premiums eliminated for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F-71 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 
 
 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

U-Haul Holding Company 

Date: 
 
 June 1, 2023 

/s/ Edward J. Shoen 

Edward J. Shoen 

President and Chairman of the Board 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 
 June 1, 2023 

/s/ Jason A. Berg 

Jason A. Berg 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: 
 
 June 1, 2023 

/s/ Maria L. Bell 

Maria L. Bell 

Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

F-72 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, 
 that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Edward J. Shoen his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 
 
 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act or things requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith as fully and to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Edward J. Shoen 

President and Chairman of the Board 

June 1, 2023 

Edward J. Shoen 

/s/ Jason A. Berg 

Chief Financial Officer 

June 1, 2023 

Jason A. Berg 

/s/ Maria L. Bell 

Chief Accounting Officer 

June 1, 2023 

Maria L. Bell 

/s/ James E. Acridge 

Director 

June 1, 2023 

James E. Acridge 

/s/ John P. Brogan 

Director 

June 1, 2023 

John P. Brogan 

/s/ James J. Grogan 

Director 

June 1, 2023 

James J. Grogan 

/s/ Richard J. Herrera 

Director 

June 1, 2023 

Richard J. Herrera 

/s/ Karl A. Schmidt 

Director 

June 1, 2023 

Karl A. Schmidt 

/s/ Roberta R. Shank 

Director 

June 1, 2023 

Roberta R. Shank 

/s/ Samuel J. Shoen 

Director 

June 1, 2023 

Samuel J. Shoen 

F-73 

<EX-101.SCH>
 2
 uhal-20230331.xsd
 SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 3
 uhal-20230331_cal.xml
 CALCULATION

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 4
 uhal-20230331_def.xml
 DEFINITION

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 5
 uhal-20230331_lab.xml
 LABEL

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 uhal-20230331_pre.xml
 PRESENTATION

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-4.32>
 9
 ex432.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.32 

The affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote is required to (1) make, alter, amend and repeal the Bylaws and (2) approve, adopt or authorize any merger, consolidation, amalgamation or combination agreement with or into any person, firm, corporation or other entity which, as of the record date for the determination of stockholders, is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 5 of the voting power of any class of outstanding shares of the Company s voting stock (an Interested Stockholder any sale, lease exchange or other disposition to or with the Company of any assets of any Interested Stockholder; any sale, lease, exchange or other disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to or with an Interested Stockholder; any plan or proposal for liquidation of the Company if any stockholder of the Company is an Interested Stockholder; or any reclassification of securities (including any reverse stock split) or recapitalization of the Company which has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate share of the outstanding shares of any class of stock or convertible securities in the Company, directly or indirectly owned by an Interested Stockholder. The affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote are also required to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision inconsistent with (2) above. The two-thirds affirmative vote requirement in (2) above is not applicable to a proposed action which has been approved or recommended by a majority of Disinterested Directors. A Disinterested Director means (i) any Company director who was a director as of July 24, 1988; or (ii) was thereafter elected by the stockholders or appointed by the Board of Directors Board and was not at the time of such election or appointment associated with or an affiliate of an interested Stockholder director or indirectly involved in the transaction or proposal before the Board; or (iii) a person designated, before his or her election or appointment as a director, as a Disinterested Director by a majority of Disinterested Directors then on the Board. 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms we, our, us, and the Company refer to U-Haul Holding Company, a Nevada corporation. The Company has the following classes of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 We are authorized to issue up to 250,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.25 Voting Common Stock 250,000,000 shares of common stock issued in one or more classes or series, with or without par value Serial Common Stock ), of which 176,470,092 shares have been designated as Series N Non-Voting Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share Non-Voting Common Stock and, with the Voting Common Stock, the Common Stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, in one or more classes or series, with or without par value. 

The affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote is required to (1) make, alter, amend and repeal the Bylaws and (2) approve, adopt or authorize any merger, consolidation, amalgamation or combination agreement with or into any person, firm, corporation or other entity which, as of the record date for the determination of stockholders, is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 5 of the voting power of any class of outstanding shares of the Company s voting stock (an Interested Stockholder any sale, lease exchange or other disposition to or with the Company of any assets of any Interested Stockholder; any sale, lease, exchange or other disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to or with an Interested Stockholder; any plan or proposal for liquidation of the Company if any stockholder of the Company is an Interested Stockholder; or any reclassification of securities (including any reverse stock split) or recapitalization of the Company which has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate share of the outstanding shares of any class of stock or convertible securities in the Company, directly or indirectly owned by an Interested Stockholder. The affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote are also required to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision inconsistent with (2) above. The two-thirds affirmative vote requirement in (2) above is not applicable to a proposed action which has been approved or recommended by a majority of Disinterested Directors. A Disinterested Director means (i) any Company director who was a director as of July 24, 1988; or (ii) was thereafter elected by the stockholders or appointed by the Board of Directors Board and was not at the time of such election or appointment associated with or an affiliate of an interested Stockholder director or indirectly involved in the transaction or proposal before the Board; or (iii) a person designated, before his or her election or appointment as a director, as a Disinterested Director by a majority of Disinterested Directors then on the Board. 

Common Stock 

The following description of the Company s capital stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Articles of Incorporation ), the Company s Certificate of Designation of Series [N] Non-Voting Common Stock (the Certificate of Designation and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10 K of which this exhibit is a part, and which we encourage you to refer. In addition, you should refer to the relevant laws of the State of Nevada, which may also affect the terms of the Common Stock. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 The holder of each share of Voting Common Stock is entitled to cast one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. A stockholder meeting quorum consists of one-third of voting power, represented in person or by proxy. 
 
 The holder of each share of Non-Voting Common Stock has no voting power to vote on any matter that is submitted to a vote or for the consent of the stockholders of the Corporation, except the designation of the Non-Voting Common Stock, the number of the class or series and the voting powers, designations, preferences, limitations, restrictions and relative rights of the Non-Voting Common Stock may be amended only if approved by holders of shares of Non-Voting Common Stock representing a majority of the outstanding shares of Non-Voting Common Stock. For the avoidance of doubt, (1) except as provided in the immediately preceding sentence, shares of Non-Voting Common Stock are specifically denied voting power and the holders thereof, as such, are specifically denied the right to vote on any matter and (2) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the certificate of designation of the Non-Voting Common Stock or otherwise, shares of Non-Voting Common Stock are specifically denied voting power and the holders thereof, as such, are specifically denied the right to vote on any matter pursuant to or arising under Nevada Revised Statutes NRS 78.2055(3), 78.207(3), 78.390(2), or Chapter 92A. 

Stockholder action by written consent is prohibited, which prohibition may be amended only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Voting Common Stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock or any other series of Serial Common Stock outstanding at the time, the holders of shares of Voting Common Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock are entitled to share equally, on a per share basis, in any dividends or distributions that our Board may authorize and we may pay from time to time. If a dividend or distribution is paid in the form of shares of Company stock, or rights to acquire shares of Company stock, then the holders of Voting Common Stock will receive shares of Voting Common Stock, or rights to acquire Voting Common Stock, and the holders of Non-Voting Common Stock will receive an equivalent number of shares of Non-Voting Common Stock, or rights to acquire an equivalent number of shares of Non-Voting Common Stock. Our Board may authorize, and we may make, distributions (as defined in NRS 78.191) to the holders of Non-Voting Common Stock as a separate series without the Voting Common Stock or the holders thereof being entitled to receive such distributions (on a per share basis or otherwise). 
 
 Preemptive Rights 
 
 Holders of shares of our Common Stock have no preemptive right to purchase, subscribe for, or otherwise acquire any shares of Company stock of any class now or hereafter authorized, or any securities exchangeable or convertible into such shares, or any warrants or other instruments evidencing rights or options to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire such shares, unless otherwise provided by our Board. 

Listing 
 
 The Voting Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol UHAL . The Non-Voting Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol UHALB . 
 
 Transfer Agent 
 
 The transfer agent for the Voting Common Stock and the Non-Voting Common Stock is Computershare, Inc. 
 
 Restrictions on Transfer 
 
 Except as it relates to shares of Voting Common Stock (i) sold, transferred, or otherwise disposed of by the Trust under the AMERCO Employee Savings, Profit Sharing and Employee Stock Ownership Plan, (ii) sold in a bona fide underwritten public offering or in a bona fide public distribution pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or (iii) sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of by a member of the public who acquired such Voting Common Stock in a transaction permitted by (i) or (ii) above, any sale, transfer or disposition of Voting Common Stock is subject to a right of first refusal by the Company at the per share price of such sale, transfer or disposition. No sale, transfer or disposition of Non-Voting Common Stock is subject to any right of first refusal by the Company. 
 
 Certain Provisions of Nevada Law and our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Nevada Combinations With Interested Stockholders Statutes 
 
 The Nevada Combination With Interested Stockholders Statutes, NRS 78.411 et seq., provides that an interested stockholder cannot engage in specified business combinations with a company for a period of two years after the date on which the person became an interested stockholder, unless (a) the combination or transaction by which the person first became an interested stockholder was approved by the Company s board of directors before the person became an interested stockholder; or (b) the combination is approved by the board and, at or after that time, the combination is approved at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of 60 or more of the voting power of the disinterested stockholders. At the expiration of the two-year waiting period, no proposed combinations with an interested stockholder may occur unless (a) the combination or transaction was approved by the board before the stockholder became an interested stockholder; (b) the combination is approved by a majority of the Company s disinterested stockholders at an annual or special meeting; or (c) the combination meets certain statutory requirements for specifying a premium transaction price. 
 
 These statutes do not apply to (i) a person who has been an interested stockholder for 4 or more years; (ii) any combination with a person who was an interested stockholder on January 1, 1991; (iii) any combination of a company which adopts an amendment to its articles of incorporation, approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding voting power of the company not beneficially owned by interested stockholders, expressly electing not to be governed by these statutes. Such an amendment would not be effective until 18 months after the stockholder vote and would not apply to any combination with a person who first became an interested stockholder on or before the effective date of the amendment; (iv) when the person became an interested stockholder inadvertently. 

Nevada Acquisition of Controlling Interest Statutes 
 
 Under the Nevada Acquisition of Controlling Interest Statutes, NRS 78.378 et seq., if a person acquires 20 or more of the voting shares of the Company, stockholders have the right to regulate that person s voting rights. The acquisition of a controlling interest must be approved by both (a) the holders of a majority of the voting power of the Company and (b) if the acquisition would adversely alter or change any preference or any relative or other right given to any other class or series of outstanding shares, the holders of a majority of each class or series affected, excluding those shares voted by any interested stockholder. An interested stockholder under these statutes includes an acquiring person, an officer or a director of the corporation, or an employee of the corporation. 
 
 If provided in a company s articles or bylaws, a company may redeem the control shares at the average price paid by the acquiring person if the majority of disinterested stockholders do not grant full voting rights to the control shares or the acquiring person fails to submit an offer statement to the corporation. Conversely, if the stockholders grant full voting rights, disinterested dissenting stockholders may obtain payment of the fair value of their shares. 
 
 A corporation may opt out of these statutes by expressly electing not to be governed by their provisions in either its articles or bylaws. The Bylaws make these statutes inapplicable to the exchange of Series A common stock for Common Stock or Common Stock exchanged for Series A common stock, held by Mark V. Shoen, James P. Shoen, and Edward J. Shoen. 

</EX-4.32>

<EX-14>
 10
 ex14.htm
 CODE OF ETHICS

Rev. December 2022 
 
 U-HAUL HOLDING COMPANY CODE OF ETHICS 

U-Haul Holding Company and our subsidiaries (collectively, the Company are committed to conducting our business consistent with high ethical and legal standards. This Code reinforces our commitment to these standards and provides each employee, officer and director of the Company with guidance and perspective in understanding our business ethics. 
 This Code is designed to guide and help identify activities and behaviors that are appropriate in conducting business and those that are not. It is also designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote (i) honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; (ii) full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submit to, the US Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and in other public communications made by us; (iii) compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; (iv) the prompt internal reporting of violations of this Code to an appropriate person or persons as identified herein; and (v) accountability for adherence to this Code. 
 No code of ethics can hope to spell out the appropriate moral conduct and ethical behavior for every situation one may confront. In the final analysis, we must rely on our own good judgment. Whenever we find ourselves with a difficult decision to make, we should seek counsel from our colleagues, our supervisors, the U-Haul Holding Company s Audit Committee when appropriate, the U-Haul Holding Company s Independent Governance Committee when appropriate, and our own conscience and common sense. Specific interpretation or application of any guidelines or other content of this Code should be made to the Company s Director of Corporate Compliance or the Legal Department. 
 
 This Code is intended to conform to the provisions of applicable law, including Item 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Item 406 of Regulation S-K, and applicable listing standards. This Code applies to all Company employees, officers, directors, non-director Board committee members, the trustees of the U-Haul Holding Company Employee Stock Ownership Plan and trustees of other trusts owning U-Haul Holding Company securities, all as provided herein. 
 
 This Code is available for viewing on U-Haul Holding Company s internet Web site at investors.uhaul.com and may be filed each year as an exhibit to U-Haul Holding Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company will publicly disclose (i) any change to this Code that applies to any officer or director of the Company, or any other person performing functions similar to those of a senior financial officer, and (ii) the grant of a waiver to any such individual of any provision of this Code. Such public disclosure will be made by the filing with the SEC of a Report on Form 8-K and/or the prompt disclosure of such change or waiver on the Company s internet Web site. 

YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES 

The Company believes that ethical behavior is good business. Company employees, 

1 

officers, directors, non-director Board committee members and trustees share certain responsibilities, but individually each is accountable for, among other things: 

Conducting the Company s business with integrity and in compliance in all material respects with applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 Avoiding situations where personal interests are, or appear to be, in conflict with the Company s interests, except as provided herein. 
 Treating customers, suppliers and fellow employees in an honest and fair manner. 
 Safeguarding proper use of the Company s proprietary information, assets and resources. 
 Maintaining confidentiality of nonpublic information and not acting on such information for personal gain. 

We are sometimes faced with situations where pressure exists to act unethically. If you are unsure in any situation, re-read this Code and ask yourself these questions: 

Is this action legal? 
 Does it comply with our values and our standards? 
 Would you feel comfortable telling someone else about your decision? 

Compromises in behavior that lead to violations of our standards may result in disciplinary action, including termination of employment. 
 
 Unethical or unlawful behavior hurts the Company, our customers, our stockholders and other employees. As an officer, director, employee, non-director Board committee member or trustee, you can play a major role in ensuring ethical and legal compliance by reporting known or suspected wrongdoing within the Company. If you discover or suspect that an illegal, dishonest or unethical act is being committed, that an employee has violated this Code, or a violation is reported to you, report it immediately to your supervisor. Or, you may report the matter through our Hotline in any of the following manners: 
 
 e-mail: Dennis_Sullivan@uhaul.com 
 Call: 1-866-963-7128, ext. 548101, between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m., M-F, Arizona time. 
 Leave a voice-mail message: 1-866-372-8392 (toll free, 24/7). 
 Mail information to : U-Haul International, Inc., P.O. Box 21502, Phoenix, AZ 85036-1502, ATTN: Internal Audit. 
 
 Reporting may be done on a confidential or anonymous basis. Employees will not be disciplined or otherwise retaliated against as a result of reporting such matters in good faith. Always report a violation at least one level of management above the suspected wrongdoer. All reports are given serious and appropriate attention. 

CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS, AND CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES 

A conflict of interest may occur when an individual s personal interest (or the interest of a member of his or her family) interferes, or even appears to interfere, with the interests of the 

2 

Company as a whole. A conflict of interest can arise when an employee, officer, director, non-director Board committee member or trustee (or a family member of any of the foregoing) takes actions or has interests which are actually or potentially detrimental to the best interests of the Company. Conflicts of interest also arise when an employee, officer, director, non-director Board committee member or trustee (or a family member of any of the foregoing) receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position in the Company. A corporate opportunity may arise when a Company employee, officer, director, non-director Board committee member or trustee (or a family member of any of the foregoing) seizes for himself or herself a business opportunity that would otherwise go to the Company s benefit, if that business opportunity is reasonably incident to the Company s present or prospective business and is one in which the Company has the capacity and desire to engage. A related party transaction can include any transaction over a specified dollar amount between the Company and an officer, director or significant stockholder (or a member of their respective family) and could also constitute a conflict of interest. 
 
 All Company employees, officers, directors, non-director Board committee members and trustees have a responsibility of fairness, integrity and loyalty, and should avoid situations and relationships that involve actual or potential conflicts of interest, unless otherwise permitted as provided herein. 
 
 Whether or not a conflict of interest, related party transaction or corporate opportunity exists or will exist can be unclear. Examples of situations that could be perceived as being in those categories might include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Conducting company business with a firm owned, partially owned, or controlled by a significant stockholder of the Company, or a Company officer, director or employee, or a family member of any of the foregoing. 
 Ownership of a material financial interest in a competitor of the Company. 
 Working as an employee or a consultant for a customer or supplier of the Company, or doing any work for a third party that may adversely affect your performance or judgment on the job or diminish your ability to devote the necessary time and attention to your duties. 
 Using Company property (tangible or intangible), materials, supplies, funds or other resources for personal purposes, or appropriating or diverting to others any business opportunity or idea in which the Company might have an interest. 
 Taking for yourself any opportunity that you learn of through the Company or that rightfully is the Company s to pursue. 
 Using corporate property, information or ideas for personal gain. 

Persons who have questions about an actual or potential conflict of interest, related party transaction or corporate opportunity, or who become aware of such a matter, should discuss the matter with their supervisor or the Audit Committee. 
 a. Transaction Between the Company and a Related Person . Transactions between the Company and a Related Person (as hereinafter defined) where the amount involved in the transaction exceeds 120,000 (which amount may change from time to time, to be consistent with any changes to the threshold amount set forth in Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K) shall be reported 

3 

to the Audit Committee, and are subject to ratification or approval by the Board of Directors or Audit Committee in accordance with, and to the extent required by, applicable law, including without limitation NRS 78.140. 
 b. Definition of Related Person A Related Person as that term is used herein, is defined in the Instructions to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Generally speaking, but subject to the more detailed definition in the referenced regulation, a Related Person includes a Company officer, director, director nominee, 5 stockholder of U-Haul Holding Company, or an immediate family member of any of the foregoing. 
 c. Annual Questionnaires . Directors and executive officers of U-Haul Holding Company shall disclose to the Company, by way of periodic questionnaire, questionnaire update, or other appropriate format which shall be provided to them, the existence of any relationships that constitute a related party transaction, a conflict of interest or that could create the appearance of a conflict of interests. Such transactions are subject to disclosure, as provided by applicable law. 
 d. Determination of Amount Involved in a Transaction The amount involved in the transaction shall be determined in accordance with the Instructions to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 e. Review Process . Review of a transaction by the Audit Committee or the Board of Directors should be based on the overall fairness of the transaction to the Company and whether the transaction as a whole is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. This could include, based on the facts and circumstances, whether the transaction is on substantially the same terms as prevailing terms with a third party in a comparable transaction; whether the transaction was negotiated at arms length; collectability; whether there exists unfavorable features to the Company; the nature and extent of any such unfavorable features; analysis of the favorable features to the Company; the nature and extent of such favorable features; overall Company objectives relative to the transaction, both long term and short term; any other factors deemed relevant by the reviewing party; and any other factors under applicable law. 

GIFTS AND ENTERTAINMENT 

All decisions regarding the purchasing of materials, supplies and services must be made on the basis of competitive price, quality and timing in a way that preserves the Company s integrity. Giving or accepting anything of value is inappropriate if it could be reasonably interpreted as an effort to influence a business relationship or decision. The difference between a gift and a bribe is a question of intent. It is impermissible to accept or request any form of kickback or bribe. A bribe or a kickback includes any item or favor provided for the purpose of improperly obtaining favorable treatment or seeking a competitive advantage. Such efforts should never be used to accomplish indirectly what the Company could not properly or legally do directly. 
 
 In certain situations or on certain occasions, small gifts of nominal value, such as specialty advertising items bearing the corporate logo, tickets to local sports, civic or cultural events and/or restaurant meals or refreshments may be given to those with whom the Company has a business relationship. 

4 

Standards governing the acceptance of gifts from suppliers or their agents mirror those relating to the giving of gifts in that acceptance of a significant gift could be construed as improperly influencing the selection of a vendor. 
 
 Ultimately, each employee, officer, director, non-director Board committee member and trustee must exercise good business judgment in deciding which situations are unacceptable. If there is ever any doubt as to the acceptability of any gift or entertainment activity, consult with your supervisor. 
 
 The Company has several key Policy Bulletins emphasizing ethics and integrity, which are readily available to System members on the Company s internal Web site. These bulletins include, but are not limited to: 

Policy Bulletin No. 015, Gifts and Favors, dated March 22, 2004. 

Policy Bulletin No. 462, Conflicts of Interest and Kickbacks, dated March 22, 2004. 
 Policy Bulletin No. 959, Marketing Company Disbursements Approvals, dated December 22, 1997. 

Policy Bulletin No. 475, Theft, Embezzlement and Poor Business Judgment, dated October 10, 1994. 
 
 U-Haul Holding Company has been and will always remain committed to maintaining high standards of ethics and corporate behavior. Except as may be expressly provided herein, nothing in this Code is intended to modify any Company Policy Bulletins. 

CONFIDENTIALITY 

All employees, officers, directors, non-director Board committee members and trustees should maintain the confidentiality of information entrusted to them by the Company or its customers, suppliers or employees, except when disclosure is authorized or legally mandated. Confidential information includes all nonpublic information that might be of use to competitors, or harmful to the Company, if disclosed. 
 
 U-Haul Holding Company operates in a very competitive environment providing a wide variety of products and services to a wide variety of customer. We must protect U-Haul Holding Company s trade secrets, confidential information and other proprietary information. Employees agree to treat all trade secrets and confidential information of U-Haul Holding Company as confidential and to take all necessary precautions against disclosure of such information to third parties during and after their employment. To the extent any employee, officer, director, non-director Board committee member or trustee is party to a Confidentiality Agreement, Non-Disclosure Agreement or similar agreement with the Company, the terms of such agreement shall prevail over any inconsistent term in this Code. 

PROTECTION AND USE OF CORPORATE ASSETS 

All employees are responsible for ensuring that appropriate measures are taken to properly protect the Company s corporate assets. Employees are expected to assist in the protection of all 

5 

confidential and proprietary information, including technical, financial, marketing and other business information, which, if made available to the Company s competitors or the public, would be advantageous to such competitors and detrimental to the Company. Protection of such information is critical to our ability to grow and compete. 
 
 The Company s computer systems, electronic mail (e-mail), voice mail, mobile devices and Internet access are employer-provided technologies and Company property. The use of the Company s computer systems, e-mail, voice mail, mobile devices and Internet access are primarily for matters of concern to the Company s operations, and not for communications of a personal nature. Such nonbusiness related use should be on an infrequent basis. Employees may not use these assets to display, transmit or store inappropriate or illegal materials at any time. 

INSIDER TRADING 

It is illegal to buy or sell securities (either personally or on behalf of others) on the basis of material, nonpublic information, in breach of a fiduciary duty or other relationship of trust and confidence. It also is illegal to communicate (i.e., to tip material, nonpublic information to others so that they may buy or sell securities on the basis of that information. All Company employees, officers, directors, non-director Board committee members and trustees who know material, nonpublic information about the Company or any other company are prohibited from trading, or tipping others to trade in the securities of that company. 
 
 Material information is factual information that a reasonable investor would want to know before making an investment decision. Examples of material information may include: 

Quarterly or annual financial results. 
 Financial forecasts. 
 Significant financial developments. 
 Significant new developments. 
 Significant contracts. 

These prohibitions continue for as long as the information you know remains material and nonpublic. In addition to disciplinary action by the Company, violation of these rules may subject you to a federal court injunction, disgorgement of the amount of profits gained or losses avoided, substantial civil penalties, private action for money damages, as well as criminal penalties, including prison and fines. 

FINANCIAL INTEGRITY 

The Company s books, records and accounts are to be maintained in a manner that honestly and accurately reflects all financial transactions in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. An employee shall not: 

Improperly accelerate or defer expenses or revenues to achieve financial results or goals. 
 Maintain any undisclosed or unrecorded funds or off the book assets. 
 Establish or maintain improper, misleading, incomplete or fraudulent accounting documentation or financial reporting. 

6 

Make any payment for purposes other than those described in the documents supporting the payment. 
 Sign any documents, certificates or representation letters believed to be inaccurate or untruthful. 

Our financial officers are required to provide full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that U-Haul Holding Company files with, or submits to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and in other public communications made by us. 

ACCOUNTING CONCERNS 

Employees, officers, directors, non-director Board committee members and trustees are encouraged to talk to their supervisor, the Director of Corporate Compliance or any member of U Haul Holding Company s Audit Committee regarding any concerns that they have pertaining to the Company s accounting, internal controls or audit practices. It is our policy not to allow retaliation for reports of misconduct or potential misconduct by others made in good faith. 

RECORDS RETENTION 

Any employee who becomes aware of any governmental or regulatory investigation, litigation, administrative or other proceeding or claim should promptly consult with the appropriate member of the Legal Department regarding any records relating to that matter. Federal and state (provincial) law provides for severe penalties for any person who alters, mutilates, conceals or destroys a record or an object with intent to impair the availability of such item or influence the investigation of a governmental department or agency. Employees are expected to comply with the Company s records retention policy, a copy of which is available through the U Haul intranet. Any questions about the records retention policy should be directed to the Legal Department. 

WORKPLACE HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT 

The Company is committed to the safety and health of its employees. Providing and maintaining a safe work environment and instituting and following work practices to safeguard employees and customers must be a primary consideration for all of us. Reviewing all of our businesses and identifying where we can act to improve safety awareness is an ongoing task to which the Company and each employee should be dedicated. There is no job so important that we cannot take the time to complete it safely. 
 
 Safe work practices also include exercising good judgment with regard to the environmental aspects of our business. Additionally, discharge and disposition of hazardous materials must be performed only in a manner that complies with all applicable environmental protection laws, ordinances and regulations. 

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS 

All employees are expected to comply at all times with all federal, state (provincial), local and foreign laws and regulations affecting the Company and its business. If any employee is uncertain about the existence or effect of a particular law on his or her conduct on behalf of the 

7 

Company, such individual should consult with his or her supervisor. In particular, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing statements: 

Any action taken to intentionally and wrongfully evade the payment of any tax, or the violation of any law relating to taxation of property, services, sales, income or any other matters, including failure to file reports or returns on a timely basis (other than with the approval of the applicable taxing authority) or filing false or fictitious reports or returns, is strictly prohibited. 
 Any action taken to intentionally circumvent the requirements of any federal, state (provincial), or local health or safety law applicable to the Company s facilities, operations or products, or any action taken to intentionally mislead any regulatory authority with respect to the Company s compliance with such laws is strictly prohibited. 
 Any action taken to intentionally mislead the investing public, the SEC, the Nasdaq National Market or any other federal or state (provincial) securities regulatory authority or securities exchange or quotation system regarding the Company s business, legal or financial affairs or regarding any material event or circumstance affecting the Company is strictly prohibited. 

SEC DISCLOSURE 

The U-Haul Holding Company President and all senior financial officers are responsible for full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in the periodic reports required to be filed by the Company with the SEC. Accordingly, it is the responsibility of the President and each senior financial officer to bring to the attention of the Director of Corporate Compliance any material information of which he or she may become aware that affects the disclosure made by the Company in its public filings. The President and each senior financial officer shall promptly bring to the attention of the Director of Corporate Compliance and the Audit Committee any information he or she may have concerning (a) significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data or (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s financial reporting, disclosures or internal controls. The President and each senior financial officer shall promptly bring to the attention of the Director of Corporate Compliance any information he or she may have concerning any violation of this Code, including any actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships, involving any management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s financial reporting, disclosures or internal controls. The President and each senior financial officer shall promptly bring to the attention of the Director of Corporate Compliance and to the Audit Committee any information he or she may have concerning evidence of a material violation of the securities laws, rules or regulations applicable to the Company by the Company or any agent thereof. 

8 

</EX-14>

<EX-21>
 11
 ex21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES LIST

Exhibit 21 
 U-HAUL HOLDING COMPANY 
 (Nevada) 
 Consolidated Subsidiaries 

Name of Entity 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Patriot Truck Leasing, LLC 

NV 

Picacho Peak Investments Co. 

NV 

ARCOA Risk Retention Group, Inc. 

NV 

U-Haul International Moves, LLC 

NV 

Repwest Insurance Company 

AZ 

Republic Claims Service Co. 

AZ 

Ponderosa Insurance Agency, LLC 

AZ 

Ponderosa Self-Storage Liability Group, LLC 

AZ 

RWIC Investments, Inc. 

AZ 

Oxford Life Insurance Company 

AZ 

Oxford Life Insurance Agency, Inc. 

AZ 

North American Insurance Company 

WI 

Christian Fidelity Life Insurance Company 

TX 

Amerco Real Estate Company 

NV 

Amerco Real Estate Company of Texas, Inc. 

TX 

Amerco Real Estate Services, Inc. 

NV 

Rainbow-Queen Properties, L.L.C. 

AZ 

Two PAC Company 

NV 

Twenty PAC Company 

NV 

Twenty-One PAC Company 

NV 

Nationwide Commercial Co. 

AZ 

AREC RW, LLC 

AZ 

AREC Holdings, LLC 

DE 

AREC 1, LLC 

DE 

AREC 2, LLC 

DE 

AREC 3, LLC 

DE 

AREC 4, LLC 

DE 

AREC 5, LLC 

DE 

AREC 6, LLC 

DE 

AREC 7, LLC 

DE 

AREC 8, LLC 

DE 

AREC 9, LLC 

DE 

AREC 10, LLC 

DE 

AREC 11, LLC 

DE 

AREC 12, LLC 

DE 

AREC 13, LLC 

DE 

AREC 14, LLC 

NV 

AREC 15, LLC 

NV 

AREC 19, LLC 

NV 

AREC 20, LLC 

NV 

AREC 21, LLC 

NV 

AREC 22, LLC 

DE 

AREC 23, LLC 

DE 

AREC 24, LLC 

DE 

AREC 25, LLC 

DE 

AREC 26, LLC 

DE 

AREC 27, LLC 

DE 

AREC 28, LLC 

DE 

AREC 29, LLC 

DE 

AREC 30, LLC 

DE 

AREC 31, LLC 

DE 

AREC 32, LLC 

DE 

AREC 33, LLC 

DE 

AREC 34, LLC 

DE 

AREC 35, LLC 

DE 

AREC 36, LLC 

DE 

AREC 37, LLC 

DE 

AREC 38, LLC 

DE 

AREC 39, LLC 

DE 

AREC 40, LLC 

NV 

AREC 41, LLC 

DE 

AREC 42, LLC 

DE 

AREC 43, LLC 

DE 

AREC 44, LLC 

DE 

AREC 45, LLC 

DE 

AREC 46, LLC 

DE 

AREC 47, LLC 

DE 

AREC 48, LLC 

DE 

AREC 49, LLC 

NV 

AREC 50, LLC 

NV 

AREC 2018, LLC 

NV 

AREC QOF, LLC 

NV 

AREC Ridgefield, LLC 

NV 

20 Oak Harbor, LLC 

NV 

41 Haig, LLC 

NV 

53 Roanoke, LLC 

NV 

74-5583 Pawai, LLC 

NV 

125 Beechwood, LLC 

NV 

333 Sunrise, LLC 

NV 

370 Orange Street, LLC 

NV 

407 Park, LLC 

NV 

506 Fesslers, LLC 

NV 

625 639 8 th Avenue, LLC 

NV 

700 54th Avenue, LLC 

NV 

8201 Santa Fe (CA), LLC 

NV 

1315 3rd, LLC 

NV 

1450 Walbridge, LLC 

NV 

1506 Woodlawn, LLC 

DE 

1508 Woodlawn, LLC 

DE 

CRP Holdings Dunleavey, LLC 

DE 

1833 Egg Harbor Blvd, LLC 

NV 

2022 MC, LLC 

NV 

2115 West, LLC 

NV 

2317 Route 70, LLC 

DE 

2823 Nashville Road, LLC 

DE 

3400 MacArthur, LLC 

NV 

3410 Galena, LLC 

DE 

3463 Billy Hext, LLC 

NV 

3700 Bigelow, LLC 

NV 

4029 Golden, LLC 

DE 

4251 Hiawatha, LLC 

NV 

4795 Charlotte, LLC 

NV 

5655 Whipple, LLC 

NV 

8250 Hwy 99, LLC 

NV 

8272 Hwy 59, LLC 

NV 

Foster 81st, LLC 

DE 

Kansas City 454, LLC 

NV 

Rosehill Street, LLC 

NV 

West 16th, LLC 

DE 

West 136, LLC 

DE 

Shoen Family Holdings, LLC 

NV 

AREC 1031 Holdings, LLC 

NV 

8 Erie EAT, LLC 

NV 

53 Technology EAT, LLC 

NV 

60 Burrell Plaza EAT, LLC 

NV 

88 Birnie EAT, LLC 

NV 

176 Ragland EAT, LLC 

NV 

200-220 North Point EAT, LLC 

NV 

207 Simpson EAT, LLC 

NV 

339-341 Lehigh EAT, LLC 

NV 

463 Lakewood EAT, LLC 

NV 

529 Westgreen EAT, LLC 

NV 

665 Perry EAT, LLC 

NV 

800 28 EAT, LLC 

NV 

817 Appleyard EAT, LLC 

NV 

900 Roswell EAT, LLC 

NV 

950 25th EAT, LLC 

NV 

1200 Main EAT, LLC 

NV 

1320 Grandview EAT, LLC 

NV 

1450 South West EAT, LLC 

NV 

2811 Vista EAT, LLC 

NV 

4225 Hiawatha EAT, LLC 

NV 

5204 Links EAT, LLC 

NV 

6805 Corporate EAT, LLC 

NV 

6910 Richmond EAT, LLC 

NV 

8135-8171 Houghton Lake EAT, LLC 

NV 

10412 Sprague EAT, LLC 

NV 

10681 Loop 1604 EAT, LLC 

NV 

Dimond EAT, LLC 

NV 

Marginal EAT, LLC 

NV 

U-Haul International, Inc. 

NV 

United States: 

A M Associates, Inc. 

AZ 

Web Team Associates, Inc. 

NV 

eMove, Inc. 

NV 

U-Haul Business Consultants, Inc. 

AZ 

U-Haul Leasing Sales Co. 

NV 

RTAC, LLC 

NV 

U-Haul R Fleet, LLC 

NV 

2010 BE-BP-2, LLC 

NV 

2010 U-Haul S Fleet, LLC 

NV 

2010 TM-1, LLC 

NV 

2010 TT-1, LLC 

NV 

2010 DC-1, LLC 

NV 

2013 U-Haul R Fleet, LLC 

NV 

2013 BP, LLC 

NV 

2013 U-Haul R Fleet 2, LLC 

NV 

2013 BOA-BE, LLC 

NV 

2013 U-Haul R Fleet 3, LLC 

NV 

2013 NYCB-BE, LLC 

NV 

U-Haul Moving Partners, Inc. 

NV 

U-Haul Self-Storage Management (WPC), Inc. 

NV 

U-Haul Co. of Alabama, Inc. 

AL 

U-Haul Co. of Alaska 

AK 

U-Haul Co. of Arizona 

AZ 

Boxman Rentals, LLC 

NV 

U-Haul Titling, LLC 

NV 

2010 U-Haul Titling 2, LLC 

NV 

2010 U-Haul Titling 3, LLC 

NV 

2013 U-Haul Titling 1, LLC 

NV 

2013 U-Haul Titling 2, LLC 

NV 

2013 U-Haul Titling 3, LLC 

NV 

CGAF Holdings, LLC 

NV 

Casa Grande Alternative Fuel Co., LLC 

NV 

U-Haul Co. of Arkansas 

AR 

U-Haul Co. of California 

CA 

U-Haul Co. of Colorado 

CO 

U-Haul Co. of Connecticut 

CT 

U-Haul Co. of District of Columbia, Inc. 

DC 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 

FL 

6810 US Hwy 1, LLC 

NV 

1800 State Road, LLC 

NV 

Sample Square Office Park Property Owners Master Association, Inc. 

FL 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 2, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 3, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 4, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 5, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 8, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 9, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 10, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 905, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 14, LLC 

NV 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 15, LLC 

NV 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 19, LLC 

NV 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 21, LLC 

NV 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 22, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 23, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 24, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 25, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 26, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 28, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 30, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 31, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 32, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 33, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 34, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 35, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 42, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 44, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 48, LLC 

DE 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 49, LLC 

NV 

U-Haul Co. of Florida 50, LLC 

NV 

U-Haul Co. of Georgia 

GA 

U-Haul of Hawaii, Inc. 

HI 

U-Haul Co. of Idaho, Inc. 

ID 

U-Haul Co. of Illinois, Inc. 

IL 

U-Haul Co. of Indiana, Inc. 

IN 

U-Haul Co. of Iowa, Inc. 

IA 

U-Haul Co. of Kansas, Inc. 

KS 

U-Haul Co. of Kentucky 

KY 

U-Haul Co. of Louisiana 

LA 

U-Haul Co. of Maine, Inc. 

ME 

U-Haul Co. of Maryland, Inc. 

MD 

U-Haul Co. of Massachusetts and Ohio, Inc. 

MA 

Collegeboxes, LLC 

MA 

U-Haul Co. of Michigan 

MI 

U-Haul Co. of Minnesota 

MN 

U-Haul Co. of Mississippi 

MS 

U-Haul Company of Missouri 

MO 

U-Haul Co. of Montana, Inc. 

MT 

U-Haul Co. of Nebraska 

NE 

U-Haul Co. of Nevada, Inc. 

NV 

U-Haul Co. of New Hampshire, Inc. 

NH 

U-Haul Co. of New Jersey, Inc. 

NJ 

U-Haul Co. of New Mexico, Inc. 

NM 

U-Haul Co. of New York and Vermont, Inc. 

NY 

U-Haul Co. of North Carolina 

NC 

U-Haul Co. of North Dakota 

ND 

U-Haul Co. of Oklahoma, Inc. 

OK 

U-Haul Co. of Oregon 

OR 

U-Haul Co. of Pennsylvania 

PA 

U-Haul Co. of Rhode Island 

RI 

U-Haul Co. of South Carolina, Inc. 

SC 

U-Haul Co. of South Dakota, Inc. 

SD 

U-Haul Co. of Tennessee 

TN 

U-Haul Co. of Texas 

TX 

U-Haul Propane of Texas, LLC 

NV 

U-Haul Co. of Utah, Inc. 

UT 

U-Haul Co. of Virginia 

VA 

U-Haul Co. of Washington 

WA 

U-Haul Co. of West Virginia 

WV 

U-Haul Co. of Wisconsin, Inc. 

WI 

U-Haul Co. of Wyoming, Inc. 

WY 

UHIL Holdings, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 1, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 2, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 3, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 4, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 5, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 6, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 7, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 8, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 9, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 10, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 11, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 12, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 13, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 14, LLC 

NV 

UHIL 15, LLC 

NV 

UHIL 16, LLC 

NV 

UHIL 19, LLC 

NV 

UHIL 20, LLC 

NV 

UHIL 21, LLC 

NV 

UHIL 22, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 23, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 24, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 25, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 26, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 27, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 28, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 29, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 30, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 31, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 32, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 33, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 34, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 35, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 36, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 37, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 38, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 39, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 40, LLC 

NV 

UHIL 41, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 42, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 43, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 44, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 45, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 46, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 47, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 48, LLC 

DE 

UHIL 49, LLC 

NV 

UHIL 50, LLC 

NV 

UHIL RW, LLC 

DE 

Canada: 

U-Haul Co. (Canada) Ltd. U-Haul Co. (Canada) Ltee 

ON 

U-Haul Inspections Ltd. 

BC 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 12
 ex231.htm
 EX 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 U-Haul Holding Company 
 Reno, Nevada 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S- 3 (No. 33-56571 and 333-268891) of U-Haul Holding Company of our reports dated June 1 , 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and schedules, and the effectiveness of U-Haul Holding Company s internal control over financial reporting, which appear in this Form 10-K. Our report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting expresses an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 
 Phoenix, Arizona 
 June 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 13
 ex311.htm
 EX 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 
 
 I, Edward J. Shoen, certify that: 
 
 1.I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of U-Haul Holding Company; 
 2.Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 
 (a)Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Edward J. Shoen 

Edward J. Shoen 

President and Chairman of the Board 

Date: June 1, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 14
 ex312.htm
 EX 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 
 
 I, Jason A. Berg, certify that: 
 
 1.I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of U-Haul Holding Company; 
 2.Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 
 (a)Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Jason A. Berg 

Jason A. Berg 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: June 1, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 15
 ex321.htm
 EX 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 of U-Haul Holding Company (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 1, 2023 (the Report ), I, Edward J. Shoen, President and Chairman of the Board of the Company, certify, to the best of my knowledge and belief, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Edward J. Shoen 

Edward J. Shoen 

President and Chairman of the Board 

Date: June 1, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 16
 ex322.htm
 EX 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 of U-Haul Holding Company (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 1, 2023 (the Report ), I, Jason A. Berg, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, to the best of my knowledge and belief, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 1)The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 2)The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jason A. Berg 

Jason A. Berg 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: June 1, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

