<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230403_10-K_edgar_data_1530163_0001213900-23-026293.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4157661</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>193475</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>807991</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>981282</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1019222</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1033000</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-026293.hdr.sgml : 20230403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230403161506
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-026293
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Samsara Luggage, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001530163
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RETAIL STORES, NEC [5990]
		IRS NUMBER:				260299456
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54649
		FILM NUMBER:		23792780

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE UNIVERSITY PLAZA, SUITE 505
		CITY:			HACKENSACK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1 (855)-256-7477

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE UNIVERSITY PLAZA, SUITE 505
		CITY:			HACKENSACK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Darkstar Ventures, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110915

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-026293.txt : 20230403

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_samsara.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended
 , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from __________ to __________ 

Commission file number:

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange
 on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Common Stock, 0.0001 par value 

(Title of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Yes No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes No

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022) was . 

The number of shares of the registrant s
common stock outstanding as of April 3, 2023 was shares. 

Documents incorporated by reference: None 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 
 ITEM 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 23 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant s
 Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 Reserved 
 25 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 25 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures About Market Risk 
 27 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements
 and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements
 with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 29 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding
 Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 29 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive
 Officers and Corporate Governance 
 30 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 32 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of
 Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 33 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships
 and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 35 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accountant
 Fees and Services 
 35 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial
 Statement Schedules 
 36 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 37 

SIGNATURE 
 38 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections.
We may use words such as anticipate, expect, intend, plan, believe, 
 foresee, estimate and variations of these words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements.
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of
which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted.
These risks and uncertainties include the following: 

the
 risks and other factors described under the caption Risk Factors under Item
 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K; 

our
 future operating results; 

our
 business prospects; 

any
 contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the
 dependence of our future success on the general economy; 

any
 possible financings; and 

the
 adequacy of our cash resources and working capital. 

Because the factors referred
to above could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us,
you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. New factors emerge from time to time, and their emergence
is impossible for us to predict. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor,
or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

This Annual Report should
be read completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. The forward-looking
statements included in this Annual Report are made as of the date of this Annual Report and should be evaluated with consideration of
any changes occurring after the date of this Annual Report. We will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may
change in the future and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise. 

Except as otherwise indicated
by the context, references in this report to Company , Samsara , we , us and our 
are references to SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. All references to USD or United States Dollar refer to the legal currency of the
United States of America. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview and Outlook 

The Company was incorporated
on May 7, 2007 under the name, Darkstar Ventures, Inc. under the laws of the State of Nevada. On November 12, 2019, the
Company completed its merger with the Delaware corporation that was previously known as Samsara Luggage, Inc. Samsara
Delaware in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 10, 2019, (the Merger
Agreement by and among the Company, Samsara Delaware, and Avraham Bengio, pursuant to which Samsara Delaware merged with and
into the Company, with the Company being the surviving corporation (the Merger ). Following the completion of the Merger,
the business of the Company going forward became the business of Samsara Delaware prior to the Merger, namely, the development and sale
of smart luggage products. 

On October 5, 2020, the Board
of Directors of the Company approved, and the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001
per share, (the Common Stock ), executed a written consent in lieu of a meeting that approved, amending the Company s
Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock from 5,000,000,000 to 7,500,000,000 (the Authorized
Capital Increase ). On November 3, 2020, the Company effected the Authorized Capital Increase by filing with the Secretary of State
of the State of Nevada a Certificate of Amendment amending the Company s Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized
shares of Common Stock from 5,000,000,000 to 7,500,000,000. 

On March 17, 2021, the Company
filed a Certificate of Change with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada (the Certificate of Change to effect
a reverse split of Company s Common Stock at a ratio of 1-for-7,000 (the Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock
Split took effect at the open of business on Tuesday, March 23, 2021. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, each seven thousand (7,000)
pre-split shares of Common Stock outstanding automatically combined into one (1) new share of Common Stock without any action on the
part of the holders, and the number of outstanding shares Common Stock were reduced from 5,995,825,131 shares to 8,565,465 shares (subject
to rounding of fractional shares). No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. The Company issued one
whole share of the post-Reverse Stock Split Common Stock to any stockholder who otherwise would have received a fractional share as a
result of the Reverse Stock Split. 

On May 12, 2022, the
Company established a series of redeemable convertible preferred stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ), par value
 0.0001 per share, pursuant to a Certificate of Designation, Preference and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company (the
 Certificate of Designation ). Pursuant to the Certificate of Designation, the Company authorized 1,000,000 shares of
the Series A Preferred Stock, which may be convertible into shares of Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company (the
 Common Stock at the option of the holders thereof at any time after the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, at
a conversion price equal a Variable Conversion Price (the Conversion Price ). The Variable Conversion
Price means 80 multiplied by the Market Price (representing a discount rate of 20 ). The Market Price means
the average of the lowest two (2) Trading Prices (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day period
ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. The Trading Price means, for any security as
of any date, the actual closing price on the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Sheets electronic quotation system or applicable trading market (the
 OTC ). The Series A Preferred Stock will, with respect to dividend rights and rights upon liquidation, winding-up or
dissolution, rank: (a) senior with respect to dividends and right of liquidation with the Company s Common Stock and (b)
junior with respect to dividends and right of liquidation to all existing and future indebtedness of the Company and existing and
outstanding preferred stock of the Company. The Series A Preferred Stock shall have no right to vote on any matters requiring
shareholder approval or any matters on which the shareholders are permitted to vote. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock will
carry an annual dividend in the amount of six percent (6 of the price per share of Series A Preferred Stock of 1.00 (the
 Divided Rate ), which shall be cumulative, payable solely upon redemption, liquidation or conversion. Upon the
occurrence of an event of default (as further defined further in the Certificate of Designation), the Dividend Rate shall
automatically increase to fifteen percent (15 ). 

1 

Organization and Description of Business 

Samsara Luggage is a global
smart luggage and lifestyle brand that incorporates innovative design and functional technology into its smart travel products. The Company
launched the first product from the Tag Smart collection of smart suitcases in April 2022, as travel resumed to pre-COVID levels. This
collection is equipped with Apple AirTag technology, allowing travelers to track their suitcase using the iPhone s Find My app.
Lost luggage became a prominent issue for global travelers during the Summer 2022 travel season. The Tag Smart suitcase offered travelers
precise tracking of their suitcase along with immediate information regarding their luggage s whereabouts. The Tag Smart collection
is currently available in two different sizes to accommodate both international and US domestic travel. The newest collection comes in
three colors in durable polycarbonate and two colors in a lightweight, aviation-grade aluminum material. 

The Company launched Street
Smart in February 2023. Street Smart is a curated collection of travel and lifestyle accessories that builds on the fashion element of
travel. Included in the collection are a selection of sunglasses, tote bag, stylish ballcaps and a stand-alone portable battery for electronic
devices. Street Smart compliments Samsara Luggage s aesthetic and allows the brand to offer more travel-ready products at varying
price points. 

Merger Transaction 

On November 12, 2019, the
Company completed its merger with the Delaware corporation that was previously known as Samsara Luggage, Inc. Samsara
Delaware in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 10, 2019, (the Merger
Agreement by and among the Company, Samsara Delaware, and Avraham Bengio, pursuant to which Samsara Delaware merged with and
into the Company, with the Company being the surviving corporation (the Merger ). Following the completion of the Merger,
the business of the Company going forward became the business of Samsara Delaware prior to the Merger, namely, the development and sale
of smart luggage products. 

On November 6, 2019, the
Company filed (1) Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada in which the Company amended its Articles of
Incorporation to change the Company s name from Darkstar Ventures, Inc. to Samsara Luggage, Inc. (the
 Name Change and (2) a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada in which the Company
increased the number of authorized shares of Common Stock of the Company from 2,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock to 5,000,000,000 shares
of Common Stock and subsequently became effective on November 12, 2019. 

In connection with the Merger,
the Company and Avraham Bengio entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement pursuant to which the Company sold 100 of the issued
and outstanding shares of the Company s wholly-owned Israeli subsidiary, Bengio Urban Renewal and all of the Company s interest
in Bengio Urban Renewal (including all debts and liabilities owed by the Company to Bengio Urban Renewal and the debts of Bengio Urban
Renewal to the Company) to Avraham Bengio, the former CEO and principal shareholder of the Company (prior to the Merger). 

At the effective time of
the Merger, each share of common stock of Samsara, 0.0001 par value, was converted into the right to receive 0.0654 shares of the Company s
common stock, such that the shareholders of Samsara Delaware were issued new shares of the Company representing approximately 80 of
the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock following the completion of the Merger. The exchange rate was determined
through arms -length negotiations between the Company and Samsara Delaware. 

On November 13, 2019, the
Board of Directors of the Company (the Board amended Section 3 of Article VII of the bylaws of the Company to change the
fiscal year end-date of the Company from July 31 to December 31. 

On October 5, 2020, the Company s
stockholders approved amending the Company s Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock
from 5,000,000,000 to 7,500,000,000 (the Authorized Capital Increase ). On November 3, 2020, the Company effected the Authorized
Capital Increase by filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada a Certificate of Amendment amending the Company s
Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 5,000,000,000 to 7,500,000,000, 

Address and Market for Securities 

On July 6, 2022, the Company
filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, moving its official
headquarters to 135 East 57th Street, Suite 18-130 New York, NY. The Company s telephone number remains the same, phone: (877)
421-1574. Our website is www.samsaraluggage.com. 

Our common shares are quoted
on the OTCQB under the symbol SAML. On April 2, 2023, the closing price for shares of our common shares as reported on the
OTCQB was 0.0326 per share. 

2 

Bankruptcy, Receivership or Similar Proceeding 

We have never declared bankruptcy,
have never been in receivership, and have never been involved in any legal actions or proceedings. 

Recent Developments 

Samsara Luggage entered into
strategic partnerships with wireless network operator T-Mobile and luxury lifestyle clothing brand Tommy Bahama after the launch of its
Tag Smart collection of smart luggage. The Company began its collaboration with T-Mobile in July of 2022. The two companies conceptualized
a new co-branded carry-on suitcase that would merge the Samsara Luggage and T-Mobile aesthetic. Samsara Luggage began the process of
designing and manufacturing the Un-carrier On suitcase, a magenta colored carry-on that offered the same tracking technology as the Tag
Smart suitcase and a power bank with wireless and USB-C charging capabilities. The Un-carrier On was launched in late November 2022 and
garnered significant press. 

During this time, Samsara
Luggage also made its retail debut in Tommy Bahama stores. Select travel related items including Samsara s Tag Smart carry-on became
available in select Tommy Bahama stores in Florida and New York. Tommy Bahama also added the products to its online e-commerce store.
The men s and women s clothing brand included the new Samsara Luggage products in its marketing assets for the Tommy Bahama
website and social media channels. Samsara Luggage remains in Tommy Bahama stores and on its eponymous website. 

Notable Accolades Press Mentions 

The Tag Smart Carry-on won
Special Mention in TIME s list of Best Inventions 2022. The prestigious list was published in early November, just before the launch
of the Un-carrier On co-branded suitcase. Conde Nast Traveler included the Tag Smart Carry-on in its print edition, giving the smart
suitcase an entire page in its October issue. Along with this special award, the Tag Smart Carry-on was included in several back-to-back
 best of roundups in noteworthy press outlets including Travel + Leisure, Tom s Guide, Forbes, CBS News and Buy Side
from WSJ. With the Tag Smart collection being designed for the AirTag, Apple-focused publications like iMore published stories around
the new collection. 

Transactions during 2022 (dollars shown below
in thousands) 

On March 1, 2022, and pursuant
to the SPA, YAII PN, Ltd. YAII exercised its option to convert the Convertible Promissory Note principal in the amount
of 35 and accrued interest of 6 into 97,458 shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was 56. 

On April 25, 2022, and pursuant
to the SPA, YAII exercised its option to convert the Convertible Promissory Note principal in the amount of 30 and accrued interest
of 4 into 103,963 shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was 45. 

On May 11, 2022, and pursuant
to the SPA, YAII exercised its option to convert the Convertible Promissory Note principal in the amount of 23 and accrued interest
of 1 into 113,109 shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was 29. 

On May 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Series
A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC f/k/a Sixth Street Lending LLC, a Virginia limited liability company
pursuant to which the Company issued and sold 148,062 shares of Series A Preferred Stock for a purchase price of 129, of which the Company
received proceeds of 125, net of issuance costs. The Company has accounted for the Series A Preferred Stock as mezzanine equity. 

On June 7, 2022, and pursuant
to the SPA, YAII exercised its option to convert the Convertible Promissory Note principal in the amount of 13 and accrued interest
of 2 into 117,244 shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was 36. 

On June 28, 2022, and pursuant
to the SPA, YAII exercised its option to convert the Convertible Promissory Note principal in the amount of 18 and accrued interest
of 1 into 123,288 shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was 31. 

3 

On July 26, 2022, and pursuant
to the SPA, YAII exercised its option to convert the Convertible Promissory Note principal in the amount of 13 and accrued interest
of 2 into 130,250 shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was 38. 

On July 27, 2022, and pursuant
to the SPA, YAII exercised its option to convert the Convertible Promissory Note principal in the amount of 29 and accrued interest
of 0 into 259,404 shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was 44. 

On August 3, 2022, and pursuant
to the SPA, YAII exercised its option to convert the Convertible Promissory Note principal in the amount of 28 and accrued interest
of 0 into 295,579 shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was 35. 

On August 10, 2022, the Company
entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC f/k/a Sixth Street Lending LLC, a Virginia
limited liability company pursuant to which the Company issued and sold 73,312 shares of Series A Preferred Stock for a purchase price
of 63, of which the Company received proceeds of 60, net of issuance costs. The Company has accounted for the Series A Preferred Stock
as mezzanine equity. 

On October 7, 2022, and pursuant
to the SPA, YAII exercised its option to convert the Convertible Promissory Note principal in the amount of 32 and accrued interest
of 2 into 329,252 shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was 43. 

On November 23, 2022, and
pursuant to the SPA, YAII exercised its option to convert the Convertible Promissory Note principal in the amount of 29 and accrued
interest of 1 into 363,498 shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was 39. 

On November 23, 2022, and
pursuant to the SPA, the Preferred A Investor exercised its option to convert 14,466 shares of Series A Preferred Stock into 181,442
shares of Common Stock of the Company. 

On November 23, 2022, and
pursuant to the SPA, the Preferred A Investor exercised its option to convert 13,500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock into 209,035
shares of Common Stock of the Company. 

Transactions during 2021 

December 2021 Convertible
Loan Agreement (YAII PN, Ltd.) 

On December 14, 2021, Samsara
Luggage, Inc. (the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with YA II PN Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempt company (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company sold and issued a convertible
debenture in the amount of 500,000 (the Convertible Debenture ), which is convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock, par value 0.0001 (the Common Stock (as converted, the Conversion Shares ). 

The Convertible Debenture
bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum (15 on default) and has a maturity date of one (1) year. The Convertible Debenture provides
a conversion right, in which any portion of the principal amount of the Convertible Debenture, together with any accrued but unpaid interest,
may be converted into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price equal to 80 of the lowest volume weighted average price
of the Company s Common Stock during the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion, subject to adjustment.
The Convertible Debenture may not be converted into common stock to the extent such conversion would result in the Investor beneficially
owning more than 4.99 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provided,
however, that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation may be waived by the Investor upon not less than 65 days prior notice to the
Company. The Convertible Debenture provides the Company with a redemption right, pursuant to which the Company, upon fifteen (15) business
days prior notice to the Investor, may redeem, in whole or in part, outstanding principal and interest under the Convertible Debenture
at a redemption price equal to the principal amount being redeemed plus a redemption premium equal to 5 of the outstanding principal
amount being redeemed plus outstanding and accrued interest; however, the Investor shall have fifteen (15) business days after receipt
of the Company s redemption notice to elect to convert all or any portion of the Convertible Debenture, subject to the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation. 

4 

June 2021
Convertible Loan Agreement (YAII PN, Ltd.) 

On June 7, 2021, the Company
entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the
Company sold and issued convertible debentures (individually a Convertible Debenture and collectively, the Convertible
Debentures in the aggregate amount of up to 1,250,000 (the Purchase Price ), which are convertible into shares
of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 (the Common Stock (as converted, the Conversion Shares ),
of which: 

(i) a
 Convertible Debenture (the First Convertible Debenture in the principal amount
 of 500,000 (the First Convertible Debenture Purchase Price was issued upon
 execution of the Securities Purchase Agreement (the First Closing Date 

(ii) a
 Convertible Debenture (the Second Convertible Debenture in the principal amount
 of 500,000 shall be issued within one (1) business day following the filing of a registration
 statement on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement under the Securities Act
 of 1933, as amended, registering the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible
 Debentures with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and 

(iii) a
 Convertible Debenture (the Third Convertible Debenture in the principal amount
 of 250,000 (the Third Convertible Debenture Purchase Price shall be issued
 within one (1) business day following the Registration Statement having been declared effective
 by the SEC. 

The Convertible Debentures
bear interest at a rate of 10 per annum (15 on default) and have a maturity date of one (1) year. The Convertible Debentures provide
a conversion right, in which any portion of the principal amount of the Convertible Debentures, together with any accrued but unpaid
interest, may be converted into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price equal to 80 of the lowest volume weighted average
price of the Company s Common Stock during the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion, subject to adjustment.
The Convertible Debentures may not be converted into common stock to the extent such conversion would result in the Investor beneficially
owning more than 9.99 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provided,
however, that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation may be waived by the Investor upon not less than 65 days prior notice to the
Company. The Convertible Debentures provide the Company with a redemption right, pursuant to which the Company, upon fifteen (15) business
days prior notice to the Investor, may redeem, in whole or in part, outstanding principal and interest at a redemption price equal
to the principal amount being redeemed plus a redemption premium equal to 5 of the outstanding principal amount being redeemed plus
outstanding and accrued interest; however, the Investor shall have fifteen (15) business days after receipt of the Company s redemption
notice to elect to convert all or any portion of the Convertible Debentures, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. 

In connection with the Securities
Purchase Agreement, the Company executed a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to
which it was required to file the Registration Statement with the SEC for the resale of the Conversion Shares, which went effective on
or about August 31, 2021. 

April 2021 Convertible
Loan Agreement (YAII PN, Ltd.) 

On April 6, 2021, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement SPA with the Investor, pursuant to which the Investor invested 150,000,
and the Company issued a convertible debenture and warrants to the Investor. The 150,000 investment was provided upon signature of the
SPA. 

The investment bears interest
at an annual rate of ten percent (10 and will be repayable after two years. The investment will be convertible at any time into shares
of the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price equal to the lower of (a) 3.46, or (b) 80 of the lowest the daily dollar
volume-weighted average price for the Company s Common Stock during the 10 trading days immediately preceding the conversion date. 

As part of the transaction,
the Company issued to the Investor warrants to purchase an aggregate of 10,838 shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price equal to
 3.46. The term of each warrant is five years from the issue date. Each warrant may be exercised by cash payment or through cashless
exercise by the surrender of warrant shares having a value equal to the exercise price of the portion of the warrant being exercised. 

5 

Business Strategy 

Samsara designs, manufacturers,
and sells high quality luggage products to meet the evolving needs of frequent travelers. The Company also seeks to present new technologies
within the aluminum luggage industry, including an aluminum smart suitcase. 

Samsara believes that aluminum
is an untapped segment within the premium luggage market, with only few manufacturers currently in the industry. Samsara s aluminum
suitcase contains a 6061 aluminum alloy that combines titanium, magnesium and zinc to create a lightweight and durable natural material.
The structure of the suitcase is designed to provide both convenience and ample storage space. The suitcase contains an ergonomic design
with a flat top that can be used as a desk allowing the user to work on the go. The suitcase also contains a variety of storage options,
including an opening log and a wheel design that creates additional packing space. The suitcase s interior includes packing bags,
toiletry bag, garment bag, and gym bag, all illuminated by an interior LED light. The suitcase comes in two colors, black and gray. 

Furthermore, the suitcase
contains an anodized coating, which is obtained through an electrolytic process that increases the natural oxide layer of the suitcase.
The coated surface provides extra protection and a long-lasting appearance. It provides strength without adding weight and protects the
suitcase from scratches, corrosion and weather damage. The anodized coating also gives the suitcase its color. 

The smart components
of the suitcase include a LED light control inside the suitcase and an alert system that informs the owner of the suitcase s location
if the suitcase is opened. Samsara s proprietary mobile application connects to sensors in the suitcase for 24/7 connectivity.
The suitcase s battery status and LED interior light can be remotely monitored via the mobile application. The suitcase also contains
a battery and charging port for charging laptops and mobile phones that is USB-C compatible. 

In 2020, Samsara implemented
a new marketing strategy and online infrastructure, based on its digital assets and a direct-to consumer (D2C) approach. Most of the
Company s marketing is currently directed to the end consumer and Samsara s promotional efforts are aimed at the digital
world and online sales. 

In addition, during the fourth
quarter of 2020, Samsara launched Sarah Sam Fashion and Lifestyle Collection. Sarah Sam is a part of Samsara s direct
business model prompted by the travel limitations due to the COVID-19 pandemic, leveraging the Company s established digital assets
and manufacturing and fulfillment supply chain capabilities to offer additional consumer products that respond to the changing needs
of the market. 

Due to COVID-19, Samsara
postponed the launch of its Next-Gen line of suitcases that were presented in January 2020 at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) exhibition.
The Company decided to make changes to its business plan and developed alternative product lines to create a new revenue stream during
the Corona virus pandemic. These new products are all sold online by Samsara s digital unit utilizing the Company s digital
assets. 

In
 March 2020, Samsara launched sales of the Essentials Kit , offering protective
 essentials for travel. 

In
 July 2020, Samsara launched the Nano Weekender Bag , an overnight travel bag
 treated with a layer of bacteriostatic Nano protection that prevents colonies of bacteria
 from developing on fabric. 

In
 the fourth quarter of 2020, Samsara expanded its D2C activities with the launch of its Sarah
 Sam Fashion and Lifestyle Collection on a new dedicated website: www.sarah-sam.com. 

In 2021 Samsara prepared
for an expansive launch. The Company focused on strengthening its strategic branding and marketing as well as developing its R D
to expand its product offerings based on the changing needs of the market. Samsara was working closely with the production assembly line
to create a more reliable supply chain despite the global disruptions due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company was also working on quality
assurance to ensure that the products meet the high-standards core to the company s principles. 

6 

On the branding and marketing
fronts, Samsara began building a library of digital assets that align with the ideal target audience for the upcoming collection. Samsara
improved its branding to become more distinctive in the marketplace and mature as a brand with a unique voice. The branding and marketing
efforts combined are designed to strategically grow the Samsara community and expand its online reach. 

Samsara continued developing
new digital marketing assets for the anticipated launch of its next collection of smart luggage, which has evolved to adapt to the changing
travel landscape despite the interruptions to the global supply chain. 

During the first quarter
of 2022, Samsara debuted its first NFT (non-fungible token) on Desperate ApeWives, a leading NFT community. The new NFT named Sam 
is inspired by the sleek, modern style and passion for adventure that the brand embodies. Sam is the company s first NFT Brand
Ambassador and will included in the marketing campaign for Samsara s newest collection anticipated 

Sam 

In May of 2022, Samsara partnered
with YouTube Tech and Lifestyle Creator Justine Ezarik (aka iJustine) as part of its new marketing strategy for its newly launched
Tag Smart collection of smart luggage. The collaboration aims to help Samsara reach the millions of gadget lovers that follow iJustine s
many social media platforms such as YouTube and Instagram. The unboxing video was unveiled on YouTube and features iJustine highlighting
the detail of the new Tag Smart suitcase which incorporates the Apple AirTag so travelers can track their luggage using the Find My app
on their iPhone. 

In August of 2022, Samsara
announced a partnership with iconic island lifestyle brand, Tommy Bahama (NYSE: OXM) to offer select products from its newly
launched Tag Smart Collection both in-store and online. Tommy Bahama will add Samsara s Tag Smart Carry-on to its website in September
and in select stores later in Fall 2022. The Tag Smart Carry-on is combined with the Apple AirTag, allowing travelers to easily track
their suitcase using the Find My app on their iPhone. In addition, Samsara s Weekender Bag will also be added to the Tommy Bahama site
as a travel accessory that coordinates with the Tag Smart Carry-on 

In November of 2022, T-Mobile
(NASDAQ: TMUS) unveiled the Un-carrier On a new smart, very-magenta suitcase in collaboration with Samsara, with the aim
of helping people explore the world. The limited-edition Un-carrier On was made available for pre-order starting in November of 2022
at TravelMagenta.com. Samsara received significant press spotlight in connection with the Un-carrier On with T-Mobile. A few of
the many notable outlets include Forbes, Fox News and 9to5google.com, who shared outstanding reviews of Samsara s
latest smart suitcase equipped with standout tech features including Tag Smart luggage tracker, wireless charging, and USB-C port for
corded charging. 

Later that month TIME awarded
Samsara s Tag Smart carry-on with Special Mention in its Best Inventions of 2022 list. 

7 

Research and Development 

Samsara performs research
and development in the fields of materials, design, and technology to develop new features and functionality, such as Wi-Fi hotspots,
SIM cards, GPS, Bluetooth, RFID, built-in batteries, digital scaling, tracking systems, and automated locking. 

Samsara s R D team
is also exploring ways to add new Internet of Things (IoT) components to its existing smart luggage product such as a Samsara online
community platform and integration with airline and airport systems. Additionally, Samsara s R D team is exploring new composite
materials to use in Samsara s luggage products. 

Samsara works with three
designers on an ongoing basis, and with NOA Labs Ltd., a Hong Kong company. Samsara s R D activities are overseen by David
Dahan via Design Boxes Ltd. 

Manufacturing 

Samsara utilizes two manufacturers
in China to manufacture its smart luggage products, GDF / Ming Hing Industries Development Ltd., which manufactures the suitcase, and
ABO Electronics (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., which manufactures the smart unit. In addition, Samsara utilizes to contractors to provide order
fulfilment services, FBA Sourcing China (DAPIGOO CO LTD), located in China, and Preferred Depot, located in the United States. 

Marketing and Sales 

Samsara is selling its smart
luggage products direct-to-consumer (D2C) via its own website. Samsara has been building a library of digital assets with the ideal target
audience for current sales, and upcoming collections. As a D2C company, Samsara leverages from the company s established digital
assets, manufacturing and fulfillment supply chain capabilities to continue and respond to the changing needs of the market. 

Samsara is focusing efforts
in improving its branding to become more distinctive in the marketplace and mature as a brand with a unique voice. The branding and marketing
efforts combined are designed to strategically grow the Samsara community and expand its online reach. 

Competition 

Samsara s primary competitors
offering aluminum suitcases in the carry-on luggage market include Away, Rimowa, Samsonite (Tumi), and Zero Halliburton. 

8 

Competitor 
 
 Product 
 
 Price 

Features 
 
 Away 
 
 Aleon 21 Carry-On Aluminum Hardside Luggage 

549 

Dimensions: 20.9 x 15.7 x 9.0 inches, Weight: 10.6 lbs, Volume: 2098 cubic inches 

Lightweight and extremely durable Aircraft Grade Aluminum Frame and Body with two TSA-Approved Resettable Combination Locks 

Interior Compression Packing System will keep items from shifting to the bottom, and prevent wrinkles 

A telescoping handle, 360-degree spinner wheels, double reinforced square corners for extra space, a fitted rubber seal makes the case water-resistant and airtight; piano hinges extend the length of the case for added durability 

10-year Worry Free Warranty 

Rimowa 
 
 Rimowa Topas IATA Carry- On Luggage 21 Inch Multi-wheel 32L TSA Lock Spinner Suitcase Silver 

799 

Dimensions: 21.7 x7.9 x15.7 inch 

4 wheel spinners for smooth-rolling mobility in any direction 

The height-adjustable Flex-Divider system on the interior can also be set to accommodate the exact volume of your luggage and keeps your belongings in the greatest possible order 

Integrated in the case, the innovative TSA lock that can be opened without damage during security checks 

Zero Halliburton 
 
 Zero Halliburton Geo Aluminum 3.0 International Carry-On (Silver) 

850 

Dimensions: 15x8x21 

Made in USA from imported Materials. Utilizes premium anodized aluminum that is as strong as steel but only one-fourth the weight. Innovative and unique double-rib design provides additional strength and durability as well as optimum protection of its contents. The intuitive 3-stage dual-button handle system allows for quicker release for both left and right-handed travelers. 

Designed to securely close using two TSA accepted combination locks that are integrated into the draw-bolt latches. Seals airtight with the addition of a neoprene gasket seal around the opening s perimeter. 

The spinner wheels provide convenient and controlled by-your-side mobility for easy traveling. Our superior piano hinge is used to keep the shells of each case in alignment and adds additional strength and integrity to the seal. 

The interior is divided into two compartments with flat panels in place to hold clothes securely and discreetly. Our signature lining is stain-resistant and non-abrasive to clothes. 

Our newly introduced ZH Global Tracking allows your case to be tracked anywhere in the world, providing additional peace of mind for your travel. 

Samsonite 
 
 Samsonite LITE-BOX ALU SPINNER (4 WHEELS) 55CM 

667 

Dimensions: 55 x 40 x 23 cm (including handles, wheels, bottom glides, side pockets and other external parts) 

Volume: 40 L 

Weight: 4.7 kg 

Warranty: Limited 10 year global warranty 

Model: Spinner (4 wheels) 

Colour: Aluminum 

Material: 100 High-end anodized aluminum 

9 

Intellectual Property 

Samsara owns a design patent
on its carry-on luggage product, issued in Israel (60249) on April 6, 2017, in the United States (136531) on October 3, 2017, in Europe
(004385086-0001) on October 10, 2017, and in China (315400) on October 29, 2017. Samsara also owns registered trademarks on the Samsara 
and Samsara Luggage trade names. 

Government Regulations 

Several aspects of Samsara s
smart luggage products, including its battery, locks and LED lights, are subject to the requirements of federal law relating to aviation
and homeland security, as well as international regulation of electronic devices. Part 15 of the FCC Rules requires operation of electronic
equipment not to cause harmful interference and to accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired
operation. The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) recommends that only TSA approved locks be used on luggage, to avoid risk
of TSA agents breaking the lock for inspection. The European Union requires all electronic devices to comply with the Restriction of
Hazardous Substances (ROHS) regulations which restricts the use of specific hazardous materials found in electrical and electronic products.
BS EN 62471 gives universal best-practice recommendations for the photobiological safety of electric lamps and lighting systems, including
LED lights. This standard specifies exposure limits, measurement techniques and classification systems to control photobiological and
light hazards. The EU radio equipment directive establishes a regulatory framework for placing radio equipment on the market, setting
requirements for safety and health, electromagnetic compatibility, and the efficient use of the radio spectrum. Additionally, smart luggage
products are subject to airline regulations applicable to manufacturing materials, size and weight. 

Samsara believes that it
is in substantial compliance with the laws and regulations which regulate its business, as detailed below: 

Air Travel Regulations 

The Samsara Luggage Carry-on
case complies with all airline regulations applicable to manufacturing materials, size and weight. Additionally, it incorporates all
the electronic parts into one removeable unit, leaving an option for the suitcase to be completely electronic free, if needed, in compliance
with the airline regulations implemented by the International Air Transport Association in January 2018, requesting passengers to remove
batteries from checked-in smart luggage. 

Samsara carry-on locks, bearing
the Travel Sentry logo, meet TSA recommendations for accepted locks which can be opened by the TSA without being broken. 

Employees 

Samsara maintains seven (7)
employees. All of the Company s other business activities are performed by independent contractors and third-party service providers. 

10 

WHERE YOU CAN GET ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

We are required to file annual,
quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).
You may read and copy our reports or other filings made with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room, located at 100 F Street,
N.E., Washington, DC 20549. You can obtain information on the operations of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.
You can also access these reports and other filings electronically on the SEC s web site, www.sec.gov. 

If you would like to request
documents from Samsara, please send a request in writing or by telephone to Samsara at the following address: 

Samsara Luggage, Inc. 
 135 E. 57 th Street, Suite 18-130 
 New York, NY 10022 
 Telephone: 1-877-421-1574 
 Attn: Atara Dzikowski 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Samsara has a limited operating history,
has incurred significant operating losses since its inception and expects to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. Samsara
may never generate significant revenue or become profitable or, if Samsara achieves profitability, it may not be able to sustain it. 

Samsara has a limited operating
history and has generated limited revenues to date. Samsara is dependent upon additional capital resources for the continuation of its
planned principal operations, which are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including failing to secure funding to expand
commercialization of its products or failing to profitably operate the business. 

Samsara has incurred significant
operating losses since its inception. Samsara s net losses were 2,239,000 and 3,817,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022,
and December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, Samsara had an accumulated deficit of 12,433,000. Substantially all of
Samsara s losses have resulted from expenses incurred in connection with its research and development programs and from general
and administrative costs associated with Samsara s operations. Samsara expects to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable
future and anticipates these losses will increase substantially as Samsara continues to develop and commercialize its products. 

To become and remain profitable,
Samsara must succeed in developing and commercializing products that generate significant revenue. This will require Samsara to be successful
in a range of challenging activities, including manufacturing, and marketing and selling products. Samsara may never succeed in these
activities and, even if it does, may never generate revenues that are significant enough to achieve profitability. In addition, Samsara
has not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully overcome many of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies
in new and rapidly evolving fields. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with smart luggage product development,
Samsara is unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, or if, Samsara will be able to achieve profitability.
Even if Samsara does achieve profitability, it may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Samsara s
failure to become and remain profitable would depress the value of Samsara and could impair its ability to raise capital, expand its
business, maintain its research and development efforts, diversify its product candidates or even continue its operations. A decline
in the value of Samsara could also cause stockholders to lose all or part of their investment. 

11 

The report of Samsara s independent
registered public accounting firm expresses substantial doubt about the ability of Samsara to continue as a going concern. 

Samsara s independent
registered public accounting firm indicated in its report on Samsara s financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2022,
that conditions exist that raise substantial doubt about Samsara s ability to continue as a going concern. A going
concern paragraph included in Samsara s independent registered public accounting firm s report on its consolidated financial
statements could impair investor perceptions and Samsara s ability to finance its operations through the sale of equity, incurring
debt, or other financing alternatives. Samsara s ability to continue as a going concern will depend upon many factors beyond Samsara s
control including the availability and terms of future funding. If Samsara is unable to achieve its goals and raise the necessary funds
to finance its operations, its business would be jeopardized, and Samsara may not be able to continue. 

Samsara will require substantial additional
financing to achieve its goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed and on acceptable terms, or at all, could
force Samsara to delay, limit, reduce or terminate its product development programs, commercialization efforts or other operations. 

Samsara expects its expenses
to increase in connection with its ongoing activities. Samsara also expects to incur significant commercialization expenses related to
product manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution. Samsara cannot reasonably estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully
complete the development and commercialization of its products. Samsara will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection
with its continuing operations as a public company. If Samsara is unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, Samsara
could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate its research and development programs or any future commercialization efforts. 

Samsara has based its estimates
on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and Samsara could use its capital resources sooner than it currently expects. Samsara s
operating plans and other demands on its cash resources may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to Samsara, and Samsara
may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned, through public or private equity or debt financings or other capital sources,
including potentially government funding, collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. In addition, Samsara may seek additional
capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations even if Samsara believes it has sufficient funds for its current
or future operating plans. Attempting to secure additional financing may divert Samsara s management from its day-to-day activities,
which may adversely affect Samsara s ability to develop its product. 

Samsara s future capital
requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the
 costs and timing of manufacturing for Samsara s products, including commercial manufacturing
 of its products; 

the
 costs of obtaining, maintaining and enforcing Samsara s intellectual property rights; 

Samsara s
 efforts to enhance operational systems and hire additional personnel to satisfy its obligations
 as a public company, including enhanced internal controls over financial reporting; 

the
 costs associated with hiring additional personnel and consultants as Samsara s research
 and development activities increase; 

the
 timing and amount of the milestone or other payments Samsara must make to the licensors and
 other third parties from whom Samsara has licensed or acquired technology; 

the
 costs and timing of establishing or securing sales and marketing capabilities for its products; 

Samsara s
 ability to achieve market acceptance and adequate market share and revenue for its products;
 and 

the
 terms and timing of establishing and maintaining collaborations, licenses and other similar
 arrangements. 

12 

In addition, Samsara s
products may not achieve commercial success. 

Accordingly, Samsara will
need to continue to rely on additional financing to achieve its business objectives. Adequate additional financing may not be available
to Samsara on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, Samsara may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic
considerations, even if Samsara believes it has sufficient funds for its current or future operating plans. 

Raising additional capital may cause dilution
to Samsara s stockholders, restrict Samsara s operations or require Samsara to relinquish rights to its technologies or product
candidates. 

Until such time, if ever,
as Samsara can generate substantial product revenues, Samsara expects to finance its cash needs through equity offerings, debt financings
or other capital sources, including potentially government funding, collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. To the extent
that Samsara raises additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, existing stockholders ownership
interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect stockholders 
rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants
limiting or restricting Samsara s ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures
or declaring dividends. 

If Samsara raises funds through
future collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements, Samsara may have to relinquish valuable rights to its future revenue
streams or products, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to Samsara and/or that may reduce the value of Samsara s
common stock. 

Samsara s executives and managerial personnel are critical
to our business, and they may not remain with us. 

Samsara s performance
substantially depends on the performance of our management team. The loss of the services of any of Samsara s executives or managerial
personnel could cause us to incur increased operating expenses and divert senior management resources in searching for replacements.
We do not have a dedicated Chief Financial Officer, and our other executives have taken on substantially more responsibility for the
management of our business and of our financial reporting. These changes in our organization may have a disruptive impact on our ability
to implement our strategy and could have a material adverse effect on our business, internal controls, financial condition and results
of operations. Management transition inherently causes some loss of institutional knowledge, which can negatively affect strategy and
execution. Until we find a Chief Financial Officer, or if we have additional changes to our executives or highly skilled technical and
managerial personnel, we may be unable to successfully manage and grow our business, and our results of operations, internal controls
and financial condition could suffer as a result. The loss of the services of our executives or other personnel also could harm our reputation. 

Risks Relating to Samsara s Strategy
and Industry 

Samsara s success depends on independent
contractors to manufacture and supply Samsara with its smart luggage products, and to label, package, and ship these products. 

Samsara has retained third
party manufacturers to manufacture and supply Samsara with its smart luggage products. Samsara relies on independent contractors for
the supply of its smart luggage products and for the labeling, packaging, and shipping of these products. Samsara may not be successful
in developing relationships with these independent contractors. In addition, these third party contractors may not dedicate sufficient
resources or give sufficient priority to satisfying Samsara s requirements or needs. There is limited history upon which to base
any assumption as to the likelihood that Samsara will prove successful in selecting qualified third party independent contractors or
in negotiating any agreements with them. If Samsara is unsuccessful in addressing these risks, its results of operations could be adversely
affected. 

Samsara does not have long term commitments
from suppliers and other independent contractors. 

Samsara may experience shortages
of supplies and inventory because Samsara orders goods and services via purchase orders and has not signed long-term contracts with its
suppliers. Samsara currently utilizes the services of two manufacturers in China, one for the manufacture of the suitcase and the other
for the manufacture of the smart unit. In addition, Samsara utilizes the services of two contractors, one in China and one in the United
States, for the provision of order fulfillment services. Samsara s success is dependent on Samsara s ability to timely provide
its customers with Samsara s smart luggage products. Although Samsara directly markets these products, Samsara is dependent on
its suppliers and other independent contractors for the manufacture and supply of Samsara s smart luggage products and for the
labeling, packaging, and shipment of these products. No assurance can be given that Samsara will enter into agreements with other suppliers
for the supply of its smart luggage products at acceptable levels of quality and price, or with other independent contractors who will
provide Samsara with order fulfillment services at acceptable levels of quality and price. While Samsara currently has and anticipates
continuing to have good relationships with its suppliers and other independent contractors, if Samsara is unable to secure additional
sources of supply or order fulfillment services from one or more independent contractors on a timely basis and on acceptable terms, Samsara s
results of operations could be adversely affected. 

13 

The selling of smart luggage products is
subject to current governmental regulations. 

Several aspects of Samsara s
smart luggage products, including its battery, locks and LED lights, are subject to the requirements of federal laws relating to aviation
and homeland security, as well as international regulation of electronic devices. Part 15 of the FCC Rules requires operation of electronic
equipment not to cause harmful interference and to accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired
operation. The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) recommends that only TSA approved locks be used on luggage, to avoid risk
of TSA agents breaking the lock for inspection. The European Union requires all electronic devices to comply with the Restriction of
Hazardous Substances (ROHS) regulations which restricts the use of specific hazardous materials found in electrical and electronic products.
BS EN 62471 gives universal best-practice recommendations for the photobiological safety of electric lamps and lighting systems, including
LED lights. This standard specifies exposure limits, measurement techniques and classification systems to control photobiological and
light hazards. The EU radio equipment directive establishes a regulatory framework for placing radio equipment on the market, setting
requirements for safety and health, electromagnetic compatibility, and the efficient use of the radio spectrum. 

Additionally, smart luggage
products are subject to airline regulations applicable to manufacturing materials, size and weight. While Samsara believes that it is
and will be in substantial compliance with the laws and regulations which regulate its business, the failure to comply with any of these
laws or regulations, or the imposition of new laws or regulations could negatively impact Samsara s proposed business. 

Samsara faces intense competition and many
of its competitors have substantially greater resources than Samsara has. 

Samsara operates in a highly
competitive environment. In addition, the competition in the market for smart luggage products may intensify. There are numerous well-established
companies based in the United States with longer operating histories, significantly greater resources and name recognition, and a larger
base of distributors and retailers. In addition, there are smaller entrepreneurial companies who are developing products that will compete
with the smart luggage products that Samsara currently sells. As a result, these competitors may have greater credibility with Samsara s
potential customers. They also may be able to adopt more aggressive pricing policies and devote greater resources to the development,
promotion, and sale of their products. These competitors may make it difficult for Samsara to market and sell its products and compete
in the smart luggage market, which could harm Samsara s business. 

Samsara depends on market acceptance of
its smart luggage products. If these products do not gain market acceptance, Samsara s ability to compete will be adversely affected. 

Samsara s success depends
in large part on Samsara s ability to successfully market its smart luggage products. No assurances can be given that Samsara will
be able to successfully market its smart luggage products or achieve consumer acceptance. Moreover, failure to successfully commercialize
its smart luggage products on a timely and cost-effective basis will have a material adverse effect on Samsara s ability to compete
in its targeted market. 

Failure to meet customers expectations
or deliver expected performance could result in losses and negative publicity, which would harm Samsara s business. 

If the smart luggage products
which Samsara sells fail to perform in the manner expected by its customers, then Samsara s revenues may be delayed or lost due
to adverse customer reaction. In addition, negative publicity about Samsara and its products could adversely affect Samsara s ability
to attract or retain customers. Furthermore, disappointed customers may initiate claims for damages against Samsara, regardless of Samsara s
responsibility for their disappointment. 

Samsara needs to retain key personnel to
support its services and ongoing operations. 

The marketing and sale of
Samsara s smart luggage products will continue to place a significant strain on Samsara s limited personnel, management,
and other resources. Samsara s future success depends upon the continued services of its executive officers and the hiring of key
employees and contractors who have critical industry experience and relationships that Samara will need to rely on to implement its business
plan. The loss of the services of any of Samsara s officers or the lack of availability of other skilled personnel would negatively
impact Samsara s ability to market and sell its smart luggage products, which could adversely affect Samsara s financial
results and impair Samsara s growth. 

14 

If Samsara cannot build and maintain strong
brand loyalty to its products, its business may suffer. 

Samsara believes that the
importance of brand recognition will increase as more companies produce smart luggage products. Development and awareness of Samsara s
brand will depend largely on Samsara s ability to successfully advertise and market its products. If Samsara is unsuccessful, its
products may not be able to gain widespread acceptance among consumers. A failure to develop Samsara s smart luggage products sufficiently
could have a material adverse effect on Samsara s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Samsara may be unable to protect its brand
name. 

Brand recognition is critical
in attracting consumers to Samsara s products. Samsara has researched the availability of the trademark Samsara and
have not found any inherent obstacle to registering the trademark with the US patent and trademark office. Nevertheless, if Samsara is
unable to trademark its brand name or to adequately protect its trade name against infringement or misappropriation, Samsara s
competitive position in the smart luggage market may be undermined, which could lead to a significant decrease in the volume of products
that we sell. Such a result would materially and adversely affect Samsara s results of operations. 

Samsara may incur losses as a result of
claims that may be brought against Samsara due to defective products or as a result of product recalls. 

While Samsara is not aware
of any claims having been brought in connection with Samsara s smart luggage products, Samsara may be liable if the use of Samsara s
products causes injury, illness, or death. Samsara also may be required to withdraw or recall some of its products if they are damaged
or defective. A significant product liability judgment against Samsara or a widespread product withdrawal or recall could have a material
adverse effect on Samsara s business and financial condition. 

If a third party asserts that Samsara s
infringes upon its proprietary rights, Samsara could be required to redesign its products, change suppliers, pay significant royalties,
or enter into license agreements. 

Although presently Samsara
is not aware of any such claims, a third party may assert that Samsara s smart luggage products violate its intellectual property
rights. As the number of smart luggage products increases, infringement claims may become more common. Any claims against Samsara, regardless
of their merit, could: 

Be
 expensive and time-consuming to defend; 

Result
 in negative publicity; 

Force
 Samsara to stop selling its products; 

Divert
 management s attention and Samsara s other resources; and 

Require
 Samsara to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to sell
 its products, which right may not be available on terms acceptable to Samsara, if at all. 

In addition, Samsara s
believes that any successful challenge to its use of a trademark or domain name could substantially diminish Samsara s ability
to conduct business in a particular market or jurisdiction and thus could decrease Samsara s revenues and/or result in losses to
Samsara s business. 

Samsara s lack of business diversification
could result in the loss of your investment if revenues from Samsara s primary products decrease . 

Currently, Samsara s
business is focused on the marketing and sale of smart luggage products. Samsara does not have any other lines of business or other sources
of revenue if Samsara is unable to successfully implement its business plan. Samsara s lack of business diversification could cause
you to lose all or some of your investment if Samsara is unable to generate significant revenues by the sale of smart luggage products
since Samsara does not have any other lines of business or alternative revenue sources. 

15 

Samsara relies on third parties to conduct
many of its activities. Any failure by a third-party to conduct these activities and other requirements and in a timely manner may delay
or prevent Samsara s ability to commercialize its products. 

Samsara is dependent on third
parties to perform certain activities. Specifically, Samsara has used and relied on, and intends to continue to use and rely on, GDF
/ Ming Hing Industries Development Ltd. and ABO Electronics (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. for the manufacture of its luggage products, and on
FBA Sourcing China (DAPIGOO CO LTD) and Preferred Depot for order fulfillment services. While Samsara has signed purchase orders governing
the activities of its third-party contractors, Samsara has limited influence over their actual performance. There is no guarantee that
any such third parties will devote adequate time and resources to such activities or perform as contractually required. If any of these
third parties fail to meet expected deadlines, adhere to Samsara s requirements, or otherwise performs in a substandard manner,
Samsara s ability to fulfill customer orders for products may be undermined. In addition, many of the third parties with whom Samsara
contracts may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including Samsara s competitors, for whom they may also be
conducting development activities that could harm Samsara s competitive position. 

If any of Samsara s
relationships with these third parties terminate, Samsara may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative third parties or
do so on commercially reasonable terms. 

In addition, Samsara may
be unable to establish any agreements with third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms. Even if Samsara is able to establish
agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: 

failure
 of third-party manufacturers to comply with regulatory requirements and maintain quality
 assurance; 

breach
 of the manufacturing agreement by the third-party; 

failure
 to manufacture Samsara s product according to Samsara s specifications; 

failure
 to manufacture Samsara s product according to Samsara s schedule, or at all; 

misappropriation
 of Samsara s proprietary information, including Samsara s trade secrets and know-how;
 and 

termination
 or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third-party at a time that is costly or inconvenient
 for Samsara. 

Any performance failure on
the part of Samsara s existing or future manufacturers could delay product development, and any related remedial measures may be
costly or time consuming to implement. Samsara does not currently have arrangements in place for redundant supply or a second source
for all required raw materials used in the manufacture of Samsara s products. If Samsara s current third-party manufacturers
cannot perform as agreed, Samsara may be required to replace such manufacturers and Samsara may be unable to replace them on a timely
basis or at all. Samsara s current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of Samsara s products
may adversely affect Samsara s future profit margins and Samsara s ability to commercialize any products on a timely and
competitive basis. 

16 

Samsara s reliance on third parties
requires Samsara to share its trade secrets, which increases the possibility that Samsara s trade secrets will be misappropriated
or disclosed. 

Because Samsara currently
relies on third parties to manufacture its products, Samsara must, at times, share its proprietary technology and confidential information,
including trade secrets, with them. Samsara seeks to protect its proprietary technology, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements,
consulting agreements or other similar agreements with its advisors, employees, consultants and contractors prior to beginning research
or disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose Samsara s
confidential information. Despite the contractual provisions employed when working with third parties, the need to share trade secrets
and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets may become known by Samsara s competitors, are intentionally
or inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that Samsara s
proprietary position is based, in part, on Samsara s know-how and trade secrets, and despite Samsara s efforts to protect
its trade secrets, a competitor s discovery of Samsara s proprietary technology and confidential information or other unauthorized
use or disclosure would impair Samsara s competitive position and may have a material adverse effect on Samsara s business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Samsara may seek to enter into collaborations,
licenses and other similar arrangements and may not be successful in doing so, and even if Samsara is, it may not realize the benefits
of such relationships. 

Samsara may seek to enter
into collaborations, joint ventures, licenses and other similar arrangements for the development or commercialization of Samsara s
products, due to capital costs required to develop or commercialize the products or manufacturing constraints. Samsara may not be successful
in its efforts to establish such collaborations for Samsara s products. In addition, Samsara faces significant competition in seeking
appropriate strategic partners, and the negotiation process can be time consuming and complex. Further, any future collaboration agreements
may restrict Samsara from entering into additional agreements with potential collaborators. Samsara cannot be certain that, following
a strategic transaction or license, Samsara will achieve an economic benefit that justifies such transaction. 

Even if Samsara is successful
in its efforts to establish such collaborations, the terms that Samsara agrees upon may not be favorable to Samsara, and Samsara may
not be able to maintain such collaborations. 

In addition, any potential
future collaborations may be terminable by Samsara s strategic partners, and Samsara may not be able to adequately protect its
rights under these agreements. Furthermore, strategic partners may negotiate for certain rights to control decisions regarding the development
and commercialization of Samsara s products, if approved, and may not conduct those activities in the same manner as Samsara would.
Any termination of collaborations Samsara enters into in the future, or any delay in entering into collaborations related to Samsara s
products, could delay the development and commercialization of Samsara s products and reduce their competitiveness if they reach
the market, which could have a material adverse effect on Samsara s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Samsara currently has a limited marketing
and sales organization and has limited experience as a company in commercializing products, and Samsara may have to invest significant
resources to develop these capabilities. If Samsara is unable to establish marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements
with third parties to market and sell its products, Samsara may not be able to generate product revenue. 

Samsara has limited internal
sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. Samsara has limited experience as a company in the marketing, sale and distribution of
smart luggage products and there are significant risks involved in building and managing a sales organization, including Samsara s
ability to hire, retain and incentivize qualified individuals, generate sufficient sales leads, provide adequate training to sales and
marketing personnel and effectively manage a geographically dispersed sales and marketing team. Any failure or delay in the development
of Samsara s internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities would adversely impact the commercialization of these products.
Samsara may not be able to enter into collaborations or hire consultants or external service providers to assist Samsara in sales, marketing
and distribution functions on acceptable financial terms, or at all. In addition, Samsara s product revenues and its profitability,
if any, may be lower if Samsara relies on third parties for these functions than if Samsara were to market, sell and distribute any products
that Samsara develops itself. Samsara likely will have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the
necessary resources and attention to sell and market Samsara s products effectively. If Samsara is not successful in commercializing
its products, either on its own or through arrangements with one or more third parties, Samsara may not be able to generate any future
product revenue and Samsara would incur significant additional losses. 

17 

Business disruptions could seriously harm
Samsara s future revenue and financial condition and increase its costs and expenses. 

Samsara s operations
could be subject to earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires,
extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics and other natural or manmade disasters or business interruptions, for which Samsara is
predominantly self-insured. Samsara relies on third- party manufacturers to produce Samsara s products whose operations may be
disrupted by a man-made or natural disaster or other business interruption. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could
seriously harm Samsara s operations and financial condition and increase its costs and expenses. 

Samsara is subject to U.S. and certain
foreign export and import controls, sanctions, embargoes, anti-corruption laws and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Compliance
with these legal standards could impair Samsara s ability to compete in domestic and international markets. Samsara could face
criminal liability and other serious consequences for violations, which could harm its business. 

Samsara is subject to export
control and import laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, and various
economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Controls, and
anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended,
the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, and other state and national
anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which Samsara conducts activities. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted
broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, agents, clinical research organizations, contractors and other collaborators and
partners from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting or receiving, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything
else of value to recipients in the public or private sector. Samsara can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of
its employees, agents, contractors and other collaborators and partners, even if Samsara does not explicitly authorize or have actual
knowledge of such activities. Any violations of the laws and regulations described above may result in substantial civil and criminal
fines and penalties, imprisonment, the loss of export or import privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud
litigation, reputational harm and other consequences. 

Samsara may engage in strategic transactions
that could impact its liquidity, increase its expenses and present significant distractions to Samsara s management. 

From time to time, Samsara
may consider strategic transactions, such as acquisitions of companies, asset purchases and licensing arrangements. Any future transactions
could increase Samsara s near- and long-term expenditures, result in potentially dilutive issuances of Samsara s equity securities,
including its common stock, or the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or acquired in-process research
and development expenses, any of which could affect Samsara s financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Additional
potential transactions that Samsara may consider in the future include a variety of business arrangements, including spin-offs, strategic
partnerships, joint ventures, restructurings, divestitures, business combinations and investments. Future acquisitions may also require
Samsara to obtain additional financing, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. These transactions may never be successful
and may require significant time and attention of management. In addition, the integration of any business that Samsara may acquire in
the future may disrupt Samsara s existing business and may be a complex, risky and costly endeavor for which Samsara may never
realize the full benefits of the acquisition. Accordingly, although there can be no assurance that Samsara will undertake or successfully
complete any additional transactions of the nature described above, any additional transactions that Samsara does complete could have
a material adverse effect on Samsara s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

If Samsara fails to comply with its obligations
in the agreements under which it licenses intellectual property rights from third parties, or otherwise experiences disruptions in its
business relationships with its licensors, Samsara could lose license rights that are important to its business. 

Samsara is a party to several
license agreements under which it is granted rights to intellectual property that are important to its business and Samsara may enter
into additional license agreements in the future. These license agreements impose, and Samsara expects that any future license agreements
where Samsara licenses intellectual property will impose, on Samsara, various development, regulatory and/or commercial diligence obligations,
payment of milestones and/or royalties and other obligations. If Samsara fails to comply with its obligations under these agreements,
or Samsara is subject to bankruptcy-related proceedings, the licensor may have the right to terminate the license, in which event Samsara
would not be able to market products covered by the license. 

18 

Samsara may need to obtain
licenses from third parties to advance its research or allow commercialization of its products, and Samsara cannot provide any assurances
that third-party patents do not exist which might be enforced against Samsara s products in the absence of such a license. Samsara
may fail to obtain any of these licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Even if Samsara is able to obtain a license, it
may be non-exclusive, thereby giving Samsara s competitors access to the same technologies licensed to Samsara. In that event,
Samsara may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology. If Samsara is unable to
do so, Samsara may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected products, which could materially harm Samsara s business
and the third parties owning such intellectual property rights could seek either an injunction prohibiting Samsara s sales, or,
with respect to Samsara s sales, an obligation on Samsara s part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation. Licensing
of intellectual property is of critical importance to Samsara s business and involves complex legal, business and scientific issues.
Disputes may arise between Samsara and its licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including: 

the
 scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

whether
 and the extent to which Samsara s technology and processes infringe on intellectual
 property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 

Samsara s
 right to sublicense patents and other rights to third parties; 

Samsara s
 diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to its
 development and commercialization of Samsara s products, and what activities satisfy
 those diligence obligations; 

Samsara s
 right to transfer or assign the license; and 

the
 ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual
 property by Samsara s licensors and Samsara and its partners. 

If disputes over intellectual
property that Samsara has licensed prevent or impair Samsara s ability to maintain its current licensing arrangements on acceptable
terms, Samsara may not be able to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates, which would have a material
adverse effect on Samsara s business. 

Samsara s commercial success depends
significantly on its ability to operate without infringing the patents and other proprietary rights of third parties. Claims by third
parties that Samsara infringes their proprietary rights may result in liability for damages or prevent or delay Samsara s developmental
and commercialization efforts. 

Samsara s commercial
success depends in part on avoiding infringement of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. However, Samsara s or
its licensee s research, development and commercialization activities may be subject to claims that Samsara or its licensee infringes
or otherwise violates patents or other intellectual property rights owned or controlled by third parties. Other entities may have or
obtain patents or proprietary rights that could limit Samsara s or its licensee s ability to make, use, sell, offer for sale
or import Samsara s products, or impair Samsara s competitive position. There is a substantial amount of litigation, both
within and outside the United States, involving patent and other intellectual property rights. Numerous third-party U.S. and foreign
issued patents and pending patent applications exist in the fields in which Samsara is developing products. 

19 

Because patent applications
are maintained as confidential for a certain period of time, until the relevant application is published Samsara may be unaware of third-party
patents that may be infringed by commercialization of any of Samsara s products, and Samsara cannot be certain that Samsara was
the first to file a patent application related to a product candidate or technology. Moreover, because patent applications can take many
years to issue, there may be currently-pending patent applications that may later result in issued patents that Samsara s products
may infringe. In addition, identification of third-party patent rights that may be relevant to Samsara s technology is difficult
because patent searching is imperfect due to differences in terminology among patents, incomplete databases and the difficulty in assessing
the meaning of patent claims. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of Samsara s technologies
infringes upon these patents. Any claims of patent infringement asserted by third parties would be time consuming and could: 

result in costly litigation that may cause negative publicity; 

divert the time and attention of Samsara s technical personnel
 and management; 

cause development delays; 

subject Samsara to an injunction preventing Samsara from making, using,
 selling, offering for sale, or importing Samsara products; 

prevent Samsara from commercializing any of its products until the
 asserted patent expires or is held finally invalid or not infringed in a court of law; 

require Samsara to develop non-infringing technology, which may not
 be possible on a cost-effective basis; 

subject Samsara to significant liability to third parties; or 

require Samsara to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, which
 may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or which might be non-exclusive, which could result in Samsara s
 competitors gaining access to the same technology. 

Although no third-party has
asserted a claim of patent infringement against Samsara as of the date of this Annual Report, others may hold proprietary rights that
could prevent Samsara s products from being marketed. Any patent-related legal action against Samsara claiming damages and seeking
to enjoin activities relating to Samsara s products could subject Samsara to potential liability for damages, including treble
damages if Samsara were determined to have willfully infringed, and require Samsara to obtain a license to manufacture or develop its
products. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial
diversion of employee resources from Samsara s business. Samsara cannot predict whether it would prevail in any such actions or
that any license required under any of these patents would be made available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Moreover, even
if Samsara or its future strategic partners were able to obtain a license, the rights may be nonexclusive, which could result in Samsara s
competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. In addition, Samsara cannot be certain that it could redesign its products
to avoid infringement, if necessary. Accordingly, an adverse determination in a judicial or administrative proceeding, or the failure
to obtain necessary licenses, could prevent Samsara from developing and commercializing its products, which could harm Samsara s
business, financial condition and operating results. 

Parties making claims against
Samsara may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than Samsara can because they have substantially
greater resources. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation
or administrative proceedings, there is a risk that some of Samsara s confidential information could be compromised by disclosure.
In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect
on Samsara s ability to raise additional funds or otherwise have a material adverse effect on Samsara s business, results
of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

20 

If Samsara is unable to protect the confidentiality
of its trade secrets, its business and competitive position would be harmed. 

In addition, Samsara relies
on the protection of its trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information to maintain Samsara s
competitive position. Although Samsara has taken steps to protect its trade secrets and unpatented know-how, including entering into
confidentiality agreements with third parties, and confidential information and inventions agreements with employees, consultants and
advisors, Samsara cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly executed, and any of these parties may breach
the agreements and disclose Samsara s proprietary information, including its trade secrets, and Samsara may not be able to obtain
adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult,
expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less
willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. 

Moreover, third parties may
still obtain this information or may come upon this or similar information independently, and Samsara would have no right to prevent
them from using that technology or information to compete with Samsara. If any of these events occurs or if Samsara otherwise loses protection
for its trade secrets, the value of this information may be greatly reduced and Samsara s competitive position would be harmed.
If Samsara does not apply for patent protection prior to such publication or if Samsara cannot otherwise maintain the confidentiality
of its proprietary technology and other confidential information, then Samsara s ability to obtain patent protection or to protect
its trade secret information may be jeopardized. 

Risks Related to the Company s Common
Stock 

An active, liquid and orderly market for
the Company s common stock may not develop, and you may not be able to resell your common stock at or above the purchase price. 

Samsara s common stock
is quoted on the OTCQB. An active trading market for the Company s common stock has not developed and may never develop or be sustained.
The lack of an active market may impair an investor s ability to sell its shares at the time it wishes to sell them or at a price
that it considers reasonable. An inactive market may also impair the Company s ability to raise capital by selling shares and may
impair the Company s ability to acquire other businesses or technologies using the Company s shares as consideration, which,
in turn, could materially adversely affect the Company s business. 

The trading price of the shares of the
Company s common stock could be highly volatile, and purchasers of the Company s common stock could incur substantial losses. 

The Company s stock
price is likely to be volatile. The stock market in general has experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating
performance of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their common stock at or above
their purchase price. The market price for the Company s common stock may be influenced by those factors discussed in this Risk
Factors section and many others, including: 

the
 success or failure of the Company s efforts to acquire, license or develop additional
 products; 

innovations
 or new products developed by the Company or its competitors; 

announcements
 by the Company or its competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint
 ventures or capital commitments; 

manufacturing,
 supply or distribution delays or shortages; 

any
 changes to the Company s relationship with any manufacturers, suppliers, licensors,
 future collaborators or other strategic partners; 

achievement
 of expected product sales and profitability; 

variations
 in the Company s financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar
 to the Company; 

trading
 volume of the Company s common stock; 

an
 inability to obtain additional funding; 

sales
 of the Company s stock by insiders and stockholders; 

general
 economic, industry and market conditions other events or factors, many of which are beyond
 the Company s control; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; and 

intellectual
 property, product liability or other litigation against the Company. 

21 

Samsara s executive officers and
directors control or significantly influence all matters submitted to stockholders for approval. 

The Company s executive
officers, directors and greater than 5 stockholders, in the aggregate, own in excess of 80 of the Company s outstanding common
stock. Furthermore, the two directors of Samsara have the ability to control or significantly influence all matters submitted to the
Company s board of directors or stockholders for approval, including the appointment of the Company s management, the election
and removal of directors and approval of any significant transaction, as well as the Company s management and business affairs.
This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation,
takeover or other business combination involving the Company, or discouraging a potential acquiror from making a tender offer or otherwise
attempting to obtain control of the Company s business, even if such a transaction would benefit other stockholders. 

Samsara does not currently intend to pay
dividends on its common stock, and, consequently, investors ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation,
if any, in the price of the Company s common stock. 

Samsara has never declared
or paid any cash dividend on its common stock. Samsara currently anticipates that it will retain future earnings for the development,
operation and expansion of the Company s business and does not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable
future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock. There is no guarantee that shares of
the Company s common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which stockholders have purchased their shares. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares
of the Company s common stock by the Company s stockholders in the public market could cause the Company s stock price
to fall. 

Sales of a substantial number
of shares of the Company s common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur could significantly
reduce the market price of the Company s common stock and impair the Company s ability to raise adequate capital through
the sale of additional equity securities. 

Samsara must incur significant increased
costs as a result of operating as a public company, and its management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance
initiatives compared to that which they devoted as the management of a private company. 

As a public company, Samsara
must incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. Samsara is subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which
will require, among other things, that Samsara file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, annual, quarterly and current
reports with respect to its business and financial condition. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley ),
as well as rules subsequently adopted by the SEC to implement provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley, impose significant requirements on public
companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate
governance practices. Further, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the SEC has adopted
additional rules and regulations in these areas, such as mandatory say on pay voting requirements that now apply to Samsara.
Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may
lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in
which Samsara operates its business in ways Samsara cannot currently anticipate. 

Samsara expects the rules
and regulations applicable to public companies to substantially increase Samsara s legal and financial compliance costs compared
to those of the Target prior to the Merger, and to make some activities more time consuming and costly. If these requirements divert
the attention of Samsara s management and personnel from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on
Samsara s business, financial condition and results of operations. The increased costs may increase Samsara s net loss, and
may require Samsara to reduce costs in other areas of its business or increase the prices of its products or services. For example, Samsara
expects these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for Samsara to obtain director and officer liability
insurance, and Samsara may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. Samsara cannot predict or
estimate the amount or timing of additional costs Samsara may incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements
could also make it more difficult for Samsara to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on its board of directors, its board committees
or as executive officers. 

22 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or reports or publish unfavorable research or reports about the Company s business, the Company s stock
price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for the
Company s common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about the Company,
its business, its market or its competitors. Samsara does not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by securities and
industry analysts. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of the Company, the trading price for the Company s
stock would be negatively impacted. In the event the Company obtains securities or industry analyst coverage, if one or more of the analysts
who covers the Company downgrades its stock, the Company s stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases
to cover the Company or fails to regularly publish reports on the Company, interest in the Company s stock could decrease, which
could cause the Company s stock price or trading volume to decline. 

If the Company fails to maintain proper
and effective internal control over financial reporting, the Company s ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements
could be impaired, investors may lose confidence in the Company s financial reporting and the trading price of the Company s
common stock may decline. 

Pursuant to Section 404 of
Sarbanes-Oxley, the Company s management is required to report upon the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
financial reporting. Additionally, if the Company reaches an accelerated filer threshold, the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm will be required to attest to the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess the Company s internal control over financial reporting
are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. To comply with the requirements of being a reporting
company under the Exchange Act, the Company will need to upgrade its information technology systems; implement additional financial and
management controls, reporting systems and procedures; and hire additional accounting and finance staff. If the Company or, if required,
its auditors are unable to conclude that the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective, investors may lose
confidence in the Company s financial reporting and the trading price of the Company s common stock may decline. 

The Company cannot assure
its investors that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit the Company s
ability to accurately report its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If the Company is unable to conclude that
its internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if the Company s independent registered public accounting firm determines
the Company has a material weakness or significant deficiency in the Company s internal control over financial reporting once that
firm begin its Section 404 reviews, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of the Company s financial reports,
the market price of the Company s common stock could decline, and the Company could be subject to sanctions or investigations by
the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict the Company s
future access to the capital markets. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our office and mailing address
is 135 E. 57 th Street, Suite 18-130, New York, New York 10022. The lease period for our New York office commenced in October
2021 and expires on May 2022. We pay a fixed monthly rent of 5,000 per month for our main office in New York and two additional international
offices. The leases for our two international offices have been renewed in August 2022. We believe that our leased property is satisfactory,
suitable, and adequate for our current needs. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We know of no material, existing
or pending legal proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation.
There are no proceedings in which our director, officer or any affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse
party or has a material interest adverse to our interests. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

23 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market for our Common Stock 

Our common stock is quoted
on the OTCQB market system. The Common Stock, which had previously traded through the close of business on November 11, 2019 under the
ticker symbol DAVC, commenced trading on the OTC Pink under the ticker symbol SAML on November 12, 2019.
Following the Company s reverse stock split, the Common Stock received a new CUSIP number, 79589J200, and now is currently quoted
on the OTCQB. 

On December 31, 2022,
the last trading day before the date of this Annual Report, the closing sale price of the Common Stock on OTCQB was 0.0902 per share. 

While our Common Stock is
quoted on the OTCQB market system, there is a limited public market for the shares of our common stock, and little to no trades of our
common stock to date have taken place. Any quotations reflect interdealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and
may not represent actual transactions. 

The table below sets forth
the range of high and low bid information for our common shares as quoted on the OTC Pink or OTCQB, as applicable, for each of the quarters
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 For the Quarter ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 March 31 
 0.96 
 0.41 
 
 June 30 
 0.61 
 0.13 
 
 September 30 
 0.29 
 0.11 
 
 December 31 
 0.21 
 0.09 

For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 For the Quarter ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 March 31 
 15.00 
 1.68 
 
 June 30 
 6.33 
 1.43 
 
 September 30 
 4.10 
 2.16 
 
 December 31 
 2.10 
 0.95 

Shareholders of Record 

As of April 3, 2023, there
were 166 stockholders of record holding 5,888,152 shares of common stock. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, all sales of equity securities not registered under the Securities Act were included in our Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q and in our Current Reports on Form 8-K. 

Repurchase of Equity Securities 

We have no plans, programs
or other arrangements in regard to repurchases of our common stock. 

24 

Dividends 

We have never declared or
paid any cash dividends on our common stock and currently do not anticipate paying such cash dividends. We currently anticipate that
we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the development and expansion of our business and for general corporate purposes.
Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors (the Board and will
depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, tax laws and other factors as the Board, in its discretion, deems relevant. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Use of Proceeds from the Sale of Registered
Securities 

None. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to help you understand
our historical results of operations during the periods presented and our financial condition. This MD A should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements, and contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See section entitled Forward-Looking Statements above. 

Overview and Outlook 

The Company was incorporated
on May 7, 2007 under the name, Darkstar Ventures, Inc. under the laws of the State of Nevada. Currently, the Company develops
and sell smart luggage products. 

Results of Operations 

Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to
the year ended December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

The Company generates revenues through the sale and distribution of
smart luggage products. Revenues during the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 1,171,000, compared to 345,000 for the year ended December
31, 2021, an increase of 239 . The increase in the total revenue is mainly due to the increased demand for the new product which was launched
in the second quarter of 2022. The Company was mostly engaged and invested in developing the new line of products without adding new inventory
for sales of the older model. Sales activities were focused on brand awareness to prepare for the launch that started in the second quarter
of 2022. 

Costs of Revenue 

Costs of revenue consists of the purchase of raw materials and the
cost of production. Cost of revenues during the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 822,000, compared to 293,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2021, an increase of 181 . The increase in the costs of revenue is mainly due to the increase in sales as described above. 

25 

Gross Profit 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, Gross Profit totaled 349,000,
representing a Gross Profit margin of 30 . During the year ended December 31, 2021, Gross Profit totaled 52,000 representing Gross Profit
margin of 15 . The Gross Profit margin increased in 2022 by 571 . 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses totaled 1,722,000 during the year ended December
31, 2022, compared to 2,013,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a net decrease of 291,000, or 14 . The decrease
is due primarily to decreases in Research and Development of 154,000 and General and Administrative of 411,000 partially offset by an
increase in Sales and Marketing of 274,000. The decrease in Research and Development and the increase in Sales and Marketing are due
primarily to the shift to sales and marketing activities relating to the launch of the new products in 2022. The decrease in General and
Administrative is due primarily to decreases in share-based compensation and professional fees. 

Financing Income (expenses) 

Financing expenses totaled
 1,033,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a financing expense of 1,856,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021.
The decrease in the financing expenses is mainly due to the gains from the changes in the derivative liabilities. 

Net Loss 

We incurred a net loss of
 2,406,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to a net loss of 3,817,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 for
the reasons described above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability
of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing
basis. Significant factors in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, levels of accounts receivable and accounts
payable and capital expenditures. 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company has 168,000 of cash, total current assets of 345,000, and total current liabilities of 2,320,000, creating a working capital
deficit of 1,975,000. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has 827,000 of cash, total current assets of 974,000, and total current
liabilities of 1,675,000, creating a working capital deficit of 701,000. 

The decrease in our working
capital deficit was mainly attributable to the increase of 911,000 in fair value of the convertible component in a convertible loan and
a decrease of 659,000 in cash and cash equivalents. 

Net cash used in operating
activities was 904,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to cash used in operating activities of 849,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The Company s primary uses of cash have been for professional support, research and development expenses,
sales and marketing expenses, and working capital purposes. 

Net cash used in investing
activities was 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net cash used in investing activities of 0 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was approximately 245,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to approximately 1,622,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. We have principally financed our operations through the sale of our common stock and the issuance of debt. Due to
our operational losses, we relied to a large extent on financing our cash flow requirements through issuance of common stock and debt.
There can be no assurance we will be successful in raising the necessary funds to execute our business plan. 

26 

Necessity of Additional Financing 

Securing additional financing
is critical to implementation of our business plan. If and when we obtain the required additional financing, we should be able to fully
implement our business plan. In the event we are unable to raise any additional funds we will not be able to pursue our business plan,
and we may fail entirely. We currently have no committed sources of financing. 

Going Concern Consideration 

The above conditions raise
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our independent auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their
report on the accompanying financial statements regarding concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements
contain additional note disclosures describing the circumstances that lead to this disclosure by our independent auditors. Although we
anticipate that our current operations will provide us with cash resources, we believe existing cash will not be sufficient to fund planned
operations and projects through the next 12 months. Therefore, we believe we will need to increase our sales, attain profitability, and
raise additional funds to finance our future operations. Any meaningful equity or debt financing will likely result in significant dilution
to our existing stockholders. There is no assurance that additional funds will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

To address these risks, we
must, among other things, implement and successfully execute our business and marketing strategy surrounding our products, continually
develop and upgrade our website, respond to competitive developments, lower our financing costs, and attract, retain and motivate qualified
personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so can have a material
adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations 

Seasonality 

We do not expect our sales
to be impacted by seasonal demands for our products. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet
arrangements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

We are a smaller reporting
company and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

27 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
 FIRMS 
 
 F-2 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Balance sheets as of December
 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of operations
 and comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 
 
 Statements of changes in
 stockholders deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-8 
 
 Statements of cash flows
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-9 
 
 Notes to financial statements 
 
 F-10 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
AND STOCKHOLDERS OF 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC.

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Samsara luggage Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying the balance sheets
of Samsara luggage Inc. the Company as of December 31, 2022 and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders 
deficit and cash flows, for the year then ended, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the "financial
statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared to assume that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, as of December
31, 2022, The Company suffered losses from operations in all years since inception, has a negative working capital and further losses
are anticipated in the development of its business. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plan regarding these matters is also described in Note 1 to the financial statements.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. This matter is also described
in the Critical Audit Matters section of our report. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Going concern- refer to note 1 of the financial
statements 

Critical audit matter description 

The Company raised substantial doubt about the
entity's ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. The financial statements for the years under audit have
been prepared to assume that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. See the explanatory paragraph of the opinion paragraph. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was addressed in
our Audit 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included the following: (i) We evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue
as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. (ii) We obtained information about management's plans that are intended to mitigate
the effect of such conditions or events and assess the likelihood that such plans can be effectively implemented. (iii) We added an explanatory
paragraph to the audit report. 

Evaluation of convertible debt with an embedded
derivative liability and detachable warrants 

Critical audit matter description 

As discussed in Notes 2 and 3 to the financial
statements, upon initial recognition of Convertible loans, Convertible Notes, similar instruments issued with or without detachable warrants,
the Company considers whether the embedded feature within the convertible instruments should be separated from the host instrument and
the manner of its presentation and future measurement and weather warrants granted by the Company to lenders through convertible bridge
loans and stock warrants transactions should be classified as a component of permanent equity or as derivative liabilities. The Company
utilized a Monte Carlo model to value the derivative bifurcated liabilities, which estimates the fair value of the liabilities based upon
certain assumptions utilizing a probability-weighted analysis of certain future events. Other inputs into the model include volatility,
closing stock prices at various valuation points, and conversion prices as determined by the applicable agreements. 

We identified the fair value of the derivative
liability as a critical audit matter, as (i) the assumptions utilized in the model to value the derivative liability required judgment,
and the model is inherently complex. (ii) the accounting for derivative liabilities is complex (iii) the magnitude of the liabilities
and losses recognized in the estimation process. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was addressed in
our Audit 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter involved the assistance of our valuation specialist and included the following: (i) we reviewed the qualifications
of the valuation specialist utilized by the Company (ii) we audited the underlying inputs utilized by the valuation specialist in the
model (iii) we evaluated the reasonableness of management s assumptions included in the model (iv) we reviewed the underlying source
documents to determine the proper accounting of the transactions (v) we tested the accuracy of those underlying calculations. 

/s/ 

PCAOB number 681600001 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2023. 

April 3, 2023 

F- 3 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

TO
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS OF 

SAMSARA
LUGGAGE, INC. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Samsara Luggage Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related
statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year in the period ended
December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the year in the period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1E to the financial statements, the Company has not yet generated material revenues from its operations to fund its activities and is
therefore dependent upon external sources for financing its operations. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has incurred accumulated
deficit of 10,193 thousands and negative operating cash flows. These factor among others, as discussed in Note 1E to the financial statements
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans concerning these matters
are also described in Note 1E to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of these uncertainties. This matter is also described in the Critical Audit Matters section of
our report. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
audit matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 4 

Evaluation
of convertible debt with an embedded derivative liability and detachable warrants 

Description
of the Matter 

As
discussed in Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements, upon initial recognition of Convertible loans, Convertible Notes and similar
instruments issued with or without detachable warrants, the Company considers whether the embedded feature within the convertible instruments
should be separated from the host instrument and the manner of its presentation and future measurement and weather warrants granted by
the Company to lenders through convertible bridge loans and stock warrants transactions should be classified as a component of permanent
equity or as derivative liabilities. The Company utilized a Monte Carlo model to value the derivative bifurcated liabilities, which estimates
the fair value of the liabilities based upon certain assumptions utilizing a probability weighted analysis of certain future events.
Other inputs into the model include, volatility, closing stock prices at various valuation points, and conversion prices as determined
by the applicable agreements. 

We
identified the fair value of the derivative liability as a critical audit matter, as (i) the assumptions utilized in the model to value
the derivative liability required judgement, and the model is inherently complex. (ii) the accounting for derivative liabilities is complex
(iii) the magnitude of the liabilities and losses recognized in the estimation process. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter involved the assistance of our valuation specialist and included
the following: (i) we reviewed the qualifications of the valuation specialist utilized by the Company (ii) we audited the underlying
inputs utilized by the valuation specialist in the model (iii) we evaluated the reasonableness of management s assumptions included
in the model (iv) we reviewed the underlying source documents to determine the proper accounting of the transactions (v) we tested the
accuracy of those underlying calculations. 

/s/
 . 

Certified
Public Accountants (Isr.) 

PCAOB
number 650100001 

March
31, 2022 

We
have served as the Company s auditor from 2019 until 2023 

F- 5 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts Receivables 
 
 -

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and Equipment, net 
 -

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Related party payables 

Deferred revenue 

Convertible notes and short-term loans (Note 3) 

Fair Value of convertible component in convertible loan, net of discounts and debt issue costs (Note 3) 

Note payable, net 
 
 -

Fair value of warrants issued in convertible loan (Note 3) 

Total current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Mezzanine equity: 

Convertible and redeemable preferred shares, par value, shares authorized, and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 
 -

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT (Note 4) 

Common stock subscribed 

Common stock, authorized shares, par value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 
 -
 
 -

Additional paid in capital 

Services receivable 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 6 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Revenues from sales 

Cost of sales 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Research and development expenses 

Selling and marketing expenses 

General and administrative (Note 5) 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

OPERATING LOSS 

FINANCING INCOME (EXPENSES) 

Interest on convertible loan and convertible note 

Income (expenses) in respect of warrants issued and convertible component in convertible loan (Note 3) 

TOTAL FINANCING INCOME (EXPENSE) 

NET LOSS 

Basic and Diluted net loss per share

Weighted average number of basic and diluted common shares outstanding

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements 

F- 7 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(U.S. dollars in thousands,
except share and per share data) 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Service 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares ) 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivables 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 
 
 -

Shares issued due to conversion of Convertible Note 
 
 -

-
 
 -

Issuance of shares due to conversion of Notes 
 
 -

-
 
 -

Roundup Differences due to Reverse Split 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Amortization of services 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance December 31, 2021 
 
 -

Shares issued due to conversion of Convertible Note 
 
 -

-
 
 -

- 

Issuance of shares to service provider 
 
 -

-
 
 -

- 

Conversion of Preferred A Shares into common shares 
 
 -

-
 
 -

- 

Amortization of services 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance December 31, 2022 
 
 -

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements 

F- 8 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(In thousands) 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Shares issued for services 

Amortization of services receivable 

Interest on convertible note and short-term loan 

Expenses in respect of warrants issued and convertible component in convertible loan, net interest expenses 

Depreciation 

Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: 

Inventory 

Accounts Receivables 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Related party payable 

Other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net Cash Used by Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from Convertible notes, net of issuance cost 
 -

Proceeds from loan received 
 
 -

Proceeds from note payable 

Repayments of long-term loans 
 -

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash 

Cash at Beginning of Period 

Cash at End of Period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 
 -

Cash paid for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities 

Common stock issued for conversion of convertible note 

Conversion of Preferred A Shares to Common Stock 
 
 -

Issuance of Common stock against Accounts Payables 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements 

F- 9 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

per share (the Common Stock ), have executed a written consent in lieu of a special meeting approving to amend the Company s Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from to (the Authorized Capital Increase ). 

in cash and cash equivalents, approximately in deficit of working capital, a stockholders deficiency of approximately
 and an accumulated deficit of approximately . These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising capital from financing
transactions and revenue from operations. Management anticipates their business will require substantial additional investments that have
not yet been secured. Management is continuing in the process of fund raising in the private equity and capital markets as the Company
will need to finance future activities. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern. 

F- 10 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

to . Maintenance and repair costs are
expensed as they are incurred while renewals and improvements which extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized. At the time of
retirement or disposal of property and equipment, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the
accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated results of operations. 

F- 11 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION (cont.) 

Fair value of warrants issued in convertible
 loan 
 -
 
 -

Total liabilities 
 -
 
 -

Fair value of warrants issued in convertible loan 
 -
 
 -

Total liabilities 
 -
 
 -

F- 12 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION (cont.) 

. 

F- 13 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

in three tranches, and the Company agreed to issue convertible debentures and a warrant to the Investor. 

shares of common stock, at an exercise price equal to . The warrants may be exercised
within years from the issuance date by cash payment or through cashless exercise by the surrender of warrants shares having a value
equal to the exercise price of the portion of the warrant being exercised. 

Expected volatility 

Expected term 
 years 
 
 Risk free rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Fair Market Value of Warrants 
 -

thousand 

Expected volatility 

Expected term 
 years 
 
 Risk free rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Fair Market Value of Warrants 

F- 14 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 3 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (cont.) 

. In the period from loan inception through December 31, 2021, the full amount of outstanding principal and accrued interest was converted into shares of common stock. 

shares of common stock, at an exercise price equal to . The warrants may be exercised
within years from the issuance date by cash payment or through cashless exercise by the surrender of warrants shares having a value
equal to the exercise price of the portion of the warrant being exercised. 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (years) 

Risk free rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Fair Market Value of Warrants 
 -

represents an amount less
 than 1 thousand 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (years) 

Risk free rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Fair Market Value of Warrants 

F- 15 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 3 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (cont.) 

and the Company agreed to issue convertible debentures and a warrant to the Investor. The investment will be convertible at any time into shares of the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price equal to the lower of (a) , or (b) of the lowest the daily dollar volume-weighted average price for the Company s Common Stock during the 10 trading days immediately preceding the conversion date. 

Expected volatility 

Expected term 

Risk free rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Fair Market Value of Convertible component 

Expected volatility 

Expected term 

Risk free rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Fair Market Value of Convertible component 

shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price equal to . The term
of each warrant is five years from the issue date. Each warrant may be exercised by cash payment or through cashless exercise by the
surrender of warrant shares having a value equal to the exercise price of the portion of the warrant being exercised. 

F- 16 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 3 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (cont.) 

Expected volatility 

Expected term 

Risk free rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Fair Market Value of Warrants 

Expected volatility 

Expected term 

Risk free rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Fair Market Value of Warrants 

in three tranches, and the Company will issue convertible debentures and warrants to the Investor, in which each tranche is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value (the Common Stock ). The first tranche in the principal amount of was issued on June 7, 2021. The second tranche in the principal amount of was issued on July 6, 2021 following the filing of a registration statement on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, registering the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Debentures with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The third tranche in the principal amount of was issued on September 7, 2021 following the Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC. 

per annum on default) and have a maturity date of (1) . The Convertible Debentures provide a conversion
right, in which any portion of the principal amount of the Convertible Debentures, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, may
be converted into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price equal to of the lowest volume weighted average price of
the Company s Common Stock during the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion, subject to adjustment.
The Convertible Debentures may not be converted into common stock to the extent such conversion would result in the Investor beneficially
owning more than of the Company s outstanding Common Stock (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provided,
however, that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation may be waived by the Investor upon not less than 65 days prior notice to the
Company. The Convertible Debentures provide the Company with a redemption right, pursuant to which the Company, upon fifteen (15) business
days prior notice to the Investor, may redeem, in whole or in part, outstanding principal and interest at a redemption price equal
to the principal amount being redeemed plus a redemption premium equal to of the outstanding principal amount being redeemed plus
outstanding and accrued interest; however, the Investor shall have fifteen (15) business days after receipt of the Company s redemption
notice to elect to convert all or any portion of the Convertible Debentures, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. In connection
with the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company executed a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to which it is required to file the Registration Statement with the SEC for the resale of the Conversion Shares. Pursuant to
the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company is required to meet certain obligations with respect to, among other things, the timeliness
of the filing and effectiveness of the Registration Statement. The Company is obligated to file the Registration Statement no later than
45 days after the First Closing Date and to have it declared effective by the SEC no later than 105 days after filing (the Registration
Obligations ). 

F- 17 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 3 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (cont.) 

remains outstanding. 

of outstanding principal from the second tranche and of accrued interest was converted into shares
of common stock. of outstanding principal from the second tranche and of accrued interest
was converted into shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance from the second tranche
was . As a result of the conversion of the convertible loans, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded
losses from conversion in the amount of and , respectively. 

Expected volatility 

Expected term 

Risk free rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Fair Market Value of Convertible component Tranche 1 

Expected volatility 

Expected term 

Risk free rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Fair Market Value of Convertible component Tranche 2 

F- 18 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 3 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (cont.) 

, and the Company will issue convertible debentures to the Investor. 

per annum on default) and has a maturity date of (1) . The Convertible Debenture provides a conversion
right, in which any portion of the principal amount of the Convertible Debenture, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, may
be converted into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price equal to of the lowest volume weighted average price of
the Company s Common Stock during the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion, subject to adjustment.
The Convertible Debenture may not be converted into common stock to the extent such conversion would result in the Investor beneficially
owning more than of the Company s outstanding Common Stock; provided, however, that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation may
be waived by the Investor upon not less than 65 days prior notice to the Company. The Convertible Debenture provides the Company
with a redemption right, pursuant to which the Company, upon fifteen (15) business days prior notice to the Investor, may redeem,
in whole or in part, outstanding principal and interest under the Convertible Debenture at a redemption price equal to the principal
amount being redeemed plus a redemption premium equal to of the outstanding principal amount being redeemed plus outstanding and accrued
interest; however, the Investor shall have fifteen (15) business days after receipt of the Company s redemption notice to elect
to convert all or any portion of the Convertible Debenture, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. 

Expected volatility 

Expected term 

Risk free rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Fair Market Value of Convertible component 

Settlement of derivative liabilities 
 -

Changes in fair value 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

F- 19 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

and accrued interest of into 
shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was . 

shares of Common Stock to a service provider as payment for services rendered. The fair market value of the shares was . 

and accrued interest of into 
shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was . 

and accrued interest of into 
shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was . 

and accrued interest of into 
shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was . 

and accrued interest of into 
shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was . 

and accrued interest of into 
shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was . 

and accrued interest of into 
shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was . 

and accrued interest of into 
shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was . 

and accrued interest of into 
shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was . 

and accrued interest of into 
shares of Common Stock of the Company. The fair market value of the shares was . 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock
of the Company. 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock
of the Company. 

F- 20 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S. dollars in thousands,
except per share data) 

NOTE 4 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY
(cont.) 

Shares issued due to conversion of Notes 

Shares issued for services 

Conversion of Preferred A Shares into common shares 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

per share, stated value 
per share, pursuant to a Certificate of Designation, Preference and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company (the Certificate
of Designation ). 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock for a purchase price of , of which the Company received proceeds of , net of issuance
costs. The Company has accounted for the Series A Preferred Stock as mezzanine equity. 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock for a purchase price of , of which the
Company received proceeds of , net of issuance costs. The Company has accounted for the Series A Preferred Stock as mezzanine equity. 

of the Company s issued and outstanding
Common Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock may be convertible into shares of Common Stock of the Company at the option of the holders
thereof at any time after the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, at a conversion price equal a Variable Conversion Price. The
Variable Conversion Price means multiplied by the Market Price. The Market Price means the average of the lowest two trading prices
for the Common Stock during the ten-trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. 

; if such prepayment is made between the 181st day and the 730th day after the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock,
then such redemption premium is . After the 730th day following the Issuance Date, there shall be no further right of redemption. 

of the price per share of Series A Preferred Stock of , which shall be cumulative, payable
solely upon redemption, liquidation or conversion. Upon the occurrence of an event of default (as further defined further in the Certificate
of Designation), the Dividend Rate shall automatically increase to . 

F- 21 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Share based compensation 

Management fees 

Other expenses 

effective for tax year beginning January 1, 2018. Under ASC 740, the effects
of new tax legislation are recognized in the period which includes the enactment date. As a result, the deferred tax assets and liabilities
existing on the enactment date must be revalued to reflect the rate at which these deferred balances will reverse. The corresponding
adjustment would generally affect the Income Tax Expense (Benefit) shown on the financial statements. However, since the company has
a full valuation allowance applied against all of its deferred tax asset, there is no impact to the Income Tax Expense for the year ending
December 31, 2022. 

change of ownership. The Company has not performed an analysis under IRC 382
related to changes in ownership, which could place certain limits on the company s ability to fully utilize its NOLs and tax credits.
The Company s has added a note to its financial statements to disclose that there may be some limitations and that an analysis
has not been performed. In the interim, the Company has placed a full valuation allowance on its NOLs and other deferred tax items. 

during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. When it is more likely than not that a tax asset will not be realized through future income
the Company must allow for this future tax benefit. We provided a full valuation allowance on the net deferred tax asset, consisting
of net operating loss carry forwards, because management has determined that it is more likely than not that we will not earn income
sufficient to realize the deferred tax assets during the carry forward period. Effective December 22, 2017 a new tax bill was signed
into law that reduced the federal income tax rate for corporations from to . 

Federal and State statutory rate 

Theoretical tax benefit on the above amount at federal statutory tax rate 

Share-based compensation 

Income (expenses) in respect of warrants issued and convertible component in convertible loan, net interest expenses (Note 3) 

Interest expense (Note 3) 
 
 -

Losses and other items for which a valuation allowance Was provided or benefit from loss carry forward 

Actual tax income (expense) 
 -
 
 -

Valuation allowance 

-
 
 - 

F- 22 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 6 INCOME TAXES (cont.) 

Increase 

Valuation allowance, December 31, 2022 

Related Parties Payable due to research
 and development 
 
 -

Total 

) 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock of the Company. 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock
of the Company. 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock
of the Company. 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock of the
Company. 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock of the
Company. 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock of the
Company. 

F- 23 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

We have had no disagreements
with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls
and procedures that are designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules
and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including the Chief Executive Officer CEO to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our management, with the
participation of our then CEO, as in place as of December 31, 2022, evaluated, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act. This evaluation included a review
of the controls objectives and design, the operation of the controls, and the effect of the controls on the information presented
in this Annual Report. Our management, including the then CEO, do not expect that disclosure controls can or will prevent or detect all
errors and all fraud, if any. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide such reasonable
assurance of achieving their objectives. Also, the projection of any evaluation of the disclosure controls and procedures to future periods
is subject to the risk that the disclosure controls and procedures may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Based on their review and
evaluation, and subject to the inherent limitations described above, our then CEO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective as of December 31, 2022, at the above-described
reasonable assurance level. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, management identified the following weaknesses, which were deemed to be material weaknesses in internal controls: 

1. 
 Due to the size of the Company and available resources, there are limited
 personnel to assist with the accounting and financial reporting function, which results in a lack of segregation of duties. 

2. 
 The Company does not have Chief Financial Officer that can oversee
 day to day operations and the financial reporting function. 

3. 
 The Company does not have an Independent Audit Committee that can provide
 management oversight. 

Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Because of inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even internal controls determined to be
effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. The effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations, judgments used
in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the possibility of human error, and the risk of fraud. The projection
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies may deteriorate. Because of these limitations, there can be no assurance that
any system of internal control over financial reporting will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud or in making all material
information known in a timely manner to the appropriate levels of management. 

This Annual Report does not
include an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of
the Commission that exempt from this requirement issuers that are neither accelerated filers nor large accelerated filers. 

28 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There has been no change
in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of the Company s management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, management, as in place as of December 31, 2022, determined that the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, was not effective. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

The material weaknesses identified are described
below. 

Procedures for Control Evaluation. 
Management has not established with appropriate rigor the procedures for evaluating internal controls over financial reporting. Due to
limited resources and lack of segregation of duties, documentation of the limited control structure has not been accomplished. 

Lack of Audit Committee. To date,
the Company has not established an Audit Committee. It is management s view that such a committee, including a financial expert,
is an utmost important entity level control over the financial reporting process. 

Insufficient Documentation of Review Procedures
 We employ policies and procedures for reconciliation of the financial statements and note disclosures. 

Insufficient Information Technology Procedures.
 Management has not established methodical and consistent data back-up procedures to ensure loss of data will not occur. 

As a result of the management evaluation of company
internal control over financial reporting described above, the Company s management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022,
the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not based on the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework
issued by COSO. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. We were not required
to have, nor have we, engaged our independent registered public accounting firm to perform an audit of internal control over financial
reporting pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in
this Annual Report. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

None. 

29 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table lists
the names, ages and positions of the individuals who serve as executive officers and directors of Samsara: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position(s) 
 
 Atara Dzikowski 
 48 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 David Dahan 
 49 
 Chief Technical Officer and Director 

Atara Dzikowski 

Atara Dzikowski served as
Director and CEO of the Delaware company, Samsara Luggage, Inc., from its inception in 2017 until the Merger, and following the Merger
has served as Director and CEO of Samsara. She has served as Chairperson and CEO of Design Boxes Ltd. from 2013 to date. From 2009 to
2013, Ms. Dzikowski was Director of Development and Public Affairs of Shenkar College of Engineering, Design and Art. She holds a Master s
in Public Administration from Clark University and a BA degree in Communication and Management from The College of Management in Tel
Aviv. Since the Merger, Atara has been employed full time by Samsara as its Chief Executive Officer. 

David Dahan 

David Dahan served as Director
and CTO of the Delaware company, Samsara Luggage, Inc., from its inception in 2017 until the Merger, and following the Merger has served
as Director and CTO of Samsara. From 2015 to date, Mr. Dahan is also employed at Nova-Sight Ltd., a medical device company developing
products for diagnostics and therapy in the field of ophthalmology, as its Software Department Manager. In 2009, Mr. Dahan co-founded
Serve Africa Ltd., a holding company that provides Satellite IP connectivity communication services throughout the continent of Africa,
and from 2013 to 2017 he served as its CEO. In 2008, Mr. Dahan founded Viramedics Ltd., a Bio-Tech firm dealing with Skin Cancer detection,
working with leading medical institutes worldwide towards clinical studies and implementation, and served as its CTO through 2009. He
also serves as a consultant to companies, mainly in the software algorithm field. Mr. Dahan holds a B.sc degree in Physics and Computer
Science from Ben Gurion University. Since the Merger, David has been employed part-time by Samsara as its Chief Technical Officer. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Samsara does not have a separately
constituted audit committee, compensation committee, nominating committee, executive committee or any other committee of the Board of
Directors. As such, the entire Board of Directors acts as Samsara s audit committee. 

Audit Committee Financial Expert 

Samsara does not have any
member who qualifies as an audit committee financial expert. Samsara believes that the cost of retaining such a financial expert at this
time is prohibitive. Further, because the Company is still in an early development stage, Samsara believes the services of an audit committee
financial expert are not necessary at this time. 

30 

Term of Office 

Each director is elected
by the Board and serves until his or her successor is elected and qualified, unless he or she resigns or is removed earlier. Each of
our officers is elected by the Board to a term of one (1) year and serves until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, or
until he or she is earlier removed from office or resigns. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships
between or among any of our directors, executive officers and incoming directors or executive officers. 

Involvement in Legal Proceedings 

None of Samsara s Directors
or officers has appeared as a party during the past ten years in any legal proceedings that may bear on his or her ability or integrity
to serve as a Director or officer of the Company. 

Board Leadership Structure 

The Company has chosen to
combine the principal executive officer and Board chairman positions. Samsara believes that this Board leadership structure is the most
appropriate for the Company. The Company is still in an early stage where it would be more efficient to have the leadership of the Board
in the same hands as the principal executive officer of the Company. The challenges faced by the Company at this stage, including obtaining
financing and implementing a commercialization plan, are most efficiently dealt with by having one person intimately familiar with both
the operational aspects as well as the strategic aspects of the Company s business. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to the Company s principal executive, financial and accounting officers. A written copy of the Code is available
upon written request to the Company and may be found at the Company s website at www.samsaraluggage.com. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock, to file reports regarding
ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to provide us with copies of those
filings. 

Based solely on our review
of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that our officers,
directors and greater than 10 percent beneficial owners have complied with all applicable filing requirements. 

Potential Conflict of Interest 

Since Samsara does not have
an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent Directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees
are performed by the Board of Directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that Samsara s Directors have the authority
to determine issues concerning management compensation, in essence their own, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. 

Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

The Board assesses on an
ongoing basis the risks faced by the Company. These risks include financial, technological, competitive, and operational risks. The Board
dedicates time at each of its meetings to review and consider the relevant risks faced by the Company at that time. In addition, since
the Company does not have an Audit Committee, the Board is also responsible for the assessment and oversight of the Company s financial
risk exposures. 

31 

Nominations to the Board of Directors 

Our directors take a critical
role in guiding our strategic direction and oversee the management of the Company. Board candidates are considered based upon various
criteria, such as their broad-based business and professional skills and experiences, a global business and social perspective, concern
for the long-term interests of the stockholders, diversity, and personal integrity and judgment. 

In addition, directors must
have time available to devote to Board activities and to enhance their knowledge in the growing business. Accordingly, we seek to attract
and retain highly qualified directors who have sufficient time to attend to their substantial duties and responsibilities to the Company. 

As of December 31, 2022,
we did not make any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our Board. 

Employment Arrangements 

None of our officers, directors,
or employees are party to employment agreements with the Company. The Company has no pension, health, annuity, bonus, insurance profit
sharing or similar benefit plans; however, the Company may adopt such plans in the future. There are no personal benefits available for
directors, officers or employees of the Company. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive Compensation 

The following table shows,
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, compensation awarded or paid to, or earned by, our Chief Executive
Officer, our Chief Technical Officer, and our Chief Financial Officer: 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 Name 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan 
 Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
 Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Atara Dzikowski 
 2022 
 100,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 100,00 
 
 (CEO) 
 2021 
 100,000 
 0 
 147,500 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 247,500 
 
 David Dahan 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 (CTO) 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 147,500 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 147,500 

Employment Contracts 

We currently do not have
any employment contracts with any of our executive officers. 

Option/SAR Grants 

Samsara does not currently
have a stock option plan. No individual grants of stock options, whether or not in tandem with stock appreciation rights known as SARs
or freestanding SARs have been made to any executive officer or any Director since inception; accordingly, no stock options have been
granted or exercised by any of the officers or Directors since Samsara was founded. 

32 

Long-Term Incentive Plans and Awards 

Samsara does not have any
long-term incentive plans that provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. No individual grants or agreements
regarding future payouts under non-stock price-based plans have been made to any executive officer or any Director or any employee or
consultant since Samsara s inception; accordingly, no future payouts under non-stock price-based plans or agreements have been
granted or entered into or exercised by any of the officers or Directors or employees or consultants since Samsara was founded. 

Potential Payments upon Termination or Change-in-Control 

We currently have no plans
or arrangements in respect of payments to our executive officers in the event of termination of employment (as a result of resignation,
retirement, or change of control) or a change of responsibilities following a change of control. 

Retirement Benefits 

There are currently no arrangements
or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for our Directors and officers. 

Compensation of Directors 

We have no arrangement to
compensate directors for their services in their capacity as directors. Directors are not paid for meetings attended. However, we intend
to review and consider future proposals regarding board compensation. All travel and lodging expenses associated with corporate matters
are reimbursed by us, if and when incurred. 

Compensation Committee 

We do not have a separate
compensation committee. Instead, our Board reviews and approves executive compensation policies and practices, reviews salaries and bonuses
for other officers, administers our stock option plans and other benefit plans, if any, and considers other matters that may be brought
forth to it. 

Risk Management Considerations 

We believe that our compensation
policies and practices for our employees, including our executive officers, do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a
material adverse effect on our Company. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

As of March __, 2023, we
had [_______]shares of common stock outstanding. The following table sets forth, as of March __, 2023, certain information with respect
to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common
stock, as well as by each of our current Directors and executive officers, and by all of the Company s Directors and executive
officers as a group. 

Each person has sole voting
and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct
interest in the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Owned 
 Percent 
 
 Atara Dzikowski (Director and CEO) 
 260,909 
 12.12 
 
 David Dahan (Director and CTO) 
 260,909 
 12.12 

Directors and officers as a group (2 persons) 
 521,818 
 24.24 

Change in Control 

We are unaware of any contract
or other arrangement the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of our Company. 

33 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Long-Term Incentive Plans and Awards 

We do not have any long-term
incentive plans that provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. No individual grants or agreements regarding
future payouts under non-stock price-based plans have been made to any executive officer or any director or any employee or consultant
since our inception; accordingly, no future payouts under non-stock price-based plans or agreement s have been granted or entered into
or exercised by our officer or director or employees or consultants since we were founded. 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 

None of our named executive
officers received any grants of stock, option awards or other plan-based awards during the fiscal period ended December 31, 2022. The
Company has no activity with respect to these awards. 

Options Exercised and Stock Vested Table 

None of our named executive
officers exercised any stock options, and no restricted stock units if any, held by our named executive officers vested during the fiscal
period ended December 31, 2022. The Company has no activity with respect to these awards. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End
Table 

Except as set forth below,
none of our named executive officers had any outstanding stock or option awards as of December 31, 2022. The Company has not issued any
awards to its named executive officers. The Company and its board may grant awards as it sees fit to its employees as well as key consultants
and other outside professionals. 

On December 10, 2021, the
Board of Directors of the Company awarded David Dahan, Chief Technical Officer, and Atara Dzikowski, Chief Executive Officer, each 130,000
shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, in consideration for deferred and accrued salary payments. David Dahan and Atara Dzikowski thereafter
each owned 260,909 shares of Common Stock. The Shares were issued on December 10, 2021. The Shares were issued in a private placement
that will rely upon an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and/or Regulation
D promulgated thereunder. 

Non-Cumulative Voting 

The holders of our shares
of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50 of such outstanding shares, voting
for the election of Directors, can elect all of the Directors to be elected, if they so choose. In such event, the holders of the remaining
shares will not be able to elect any of our Directors. 

34 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE. 

Described below are any transactions
occurring during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 and any currently proposed transactions to which Samsara was a party and in
which a director, executive officer, holder of more than 5 of the outstanding capital stock of Samsara, or any member of such person s
immediate family had or will have a direct or indirect material interest: 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company received management fee services and research and development services from an entity owned by an executive officer,
in the amounts of 100 and 90, respectively . 

Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions
with Related Persons 

Although we adopted a Code
of Ethics, we still rely on our Board to review related party transactions on an ongoing basis to prevent conflicts of interest. Our
Board reviews a transaction in light of the affiliations of the director, officer or employee and the affiliations of such person s
immediate family. Transactions are presented to our Board for approval before they are entered into or, if this is not possible, for
ratification after the transaction has occurred. If our Board finds that a conflict of interest exists, then it will determine the appropriate
remedial action, if any. Our Board approves or ratifies a transaction if it determines that the transaction is consistent with the best
interests of the Company. 

Director Independence 

Samsara is not subject to
listing requirements of any national securities exchange or national securities association and, as a result, Samsara is not at this
time required to have a board comprised of a majority of independent Directors. Samsara does not believe that any of the
directors of the Company meet the definition of independent as promulgated by the rules and regulations of NASDAQ. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed
or billable for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal account for the audit of our financial
statements and review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and for services that are normally provided
by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

Fees 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 22,500 
 22,500 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Tax Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 All Other Fees 
 0 
 0 

In each of the last two fiscal
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no fees billed for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that
are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Item 9(e)(1)
of Schedule 14A, for professional services rendered by the principal account for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning, for products
and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported in Item 9(e)(1) through 9(d)(3) of Schedule 14A. 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and
Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

Given the small size of our
Board as well as the limited activities of our Company, our Board of Directors acts as our Audit Committee. Our Board pre-approves all
audit and permissible non-audit services. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services, and other
services. Our Board approves these services on a case-by-case basis. 

35 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Financial Statements and
financial statement schedules 

(1) and (2) The financial statements
and financial statement schedules required to be filed as part of this report are set forth in Item 8 of Part II of this report. 

(3) Exhibits. See Item 15(b) below. 

(b) Exhibits required by Item
601 of Regulation S-K 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement, dated May 10, 2019, among the Company, Avraham Bengio, and Samsara Luggage, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-176969) filed on September 23, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 12, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Merger (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 12, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.4 
 
 Amended Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Change to Articles of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Change to the Articles of Incorporation Form of Convertible Debenture (incorporated by reference into the Company s Form 8-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on March 22, 2021). 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation, dated July 6, 2022 (incorporated by reference into the Company s Form 8-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on July 7, 2022). 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock, dated May 17, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on May 19, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 5, 2019, between the Company and YAII PN, Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.2 
 
 Form of Share Purchase Agreement, signed on September 26, 2019, between the Company and investors who invested 500,000 in the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.3 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2019, between the Company and Avraham Bengio (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 12, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.4 
 
 License Agreement dated as of July 18, 2019, between the Company and Sterling/Winters Company, a California corporation, doing business as Meharey MIVI LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 3, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.5 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 25, 2020, between the Company and Power Up Lending Group Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on June 29, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.6 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 3, 2020, between the Company and YAII PN, Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.7 
 
 Form of Convertible Debenture between the Company and YAII PN, Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

36 

10.8 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock between the Company and YAII PN, Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.9 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, signed April 6, 2021, between Samsara Luggage, Inc. and YAII PN, Ltd. (incorporated by reference into the Company s Form 8-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on April 7, 2021) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Convertible Debenture (incorporated by reference into the Company s Form 8-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on April 7, 2021) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (incorporated by reference into the Company s Form 8-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on April 7, 2021) 

10.12 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 7, 2021, between the Company and YA II PN Ltd. (incorporated by reference into the Company s Form 8-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 

10.13 
 
 Convertible Debenture, dated June 7, 2021, between the Company and YA II PN Ltd. (incorporated by reference into the Company s Form 8-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 

10.14 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 7, 2021, between the Company and YA II PN Ltd. (incorporated by reference into the Company s Form 8-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 

10.15 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, by and between the Company and YA II PN Ltd. (incorporated by reference into the Company s Form 8-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on December 14, 2021) 

10.16 
 
 Convertible Debenture, dated December 14, 2021, by and between the Company and YA II PN Ltd. (incorporated by reference into the Company s Form 8-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on December 14, 2021) 

10.17 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2022, by and between Samsara Luggage, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on May 19, 2022). 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (filed as Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 3, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

31 
 
 Section 302 Certification of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of Atara Dzikowski 

32 
 
 Section 906 Certification of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of Atara Dzikowski 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document# 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document# 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document# 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document# 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document# 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document# 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)# 

Filed herewith 

# The XBRL related information in
Exhibit 101 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or
otherwise subject to liability of that section and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing or other document pursuant
to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing or document. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

The Company has elected not
to provide summary information. 

37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

SAMSARA LUGGAGE, INC. 

(Registrant) 

Date: April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Atara Dzikowski 

Atara Dzikowski 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer, and 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

38 

<EX-31>
 2
 f10k2022ex31_samsaraluggage.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Atara Dzikowski, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Report
on Form 10-K of Samsara Luggage, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
 controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including
 its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
 prepared; 

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
 such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls
 and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as
 of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal
 control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth
 fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s Board of Directors (or persons
 performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
 or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability
 to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 3, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Atara Dzikowski 

Atara Dzikowski, 
 Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 f10k2022ex32_samsaraluggage.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In connection with the Report of Samsara Luggage,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Atara Dzikowski, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that to my knowledge: 

1. the Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. the information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 3, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Atara Dzikowski 

Atara Dzikowski, 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 saml-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 saml-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 saml-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 saml-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 saml-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

