<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1753945_0001493152-23-012557.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7371192</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>312174</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1179805</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2325165</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1553966</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1843397</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012557.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417164155
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012557
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Opti-Harvest, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001753945
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FARM MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3523]
		IRS NUMBER:				813007305
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-267203
		FILM NUMBER:		23824420

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1801 CENTURY PARK EAST, SUITE 520
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 788-0200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1801 CENTURY PARK EAST, SUITE 520
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012557.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State 
 of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

 1801Century
Park East, Suite 520 

 Los
Angeles, California 90067 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (excluding voting shares held by officers
and directors) as of June 30, 2022 was . 

There
were shares of Common Stock outstanding as of April 7, 2023. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 2 

Item 1. Business 
 
 2 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 18 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 18 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 18 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 18 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 18 

PART II 
 
 19 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 19 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 21 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 21 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 32 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 33 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 34 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 34 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 34 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 34 

PART III 
 
 35 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 35 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 42 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 49 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 51 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 53 

PART IV 
 
 54 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 54 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 54 

Signatures 
 
 55 

i 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical
facts but rather are plans and predictions based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about our industry, our beliefs,
and assumptions. 

We
use words such as may, will, could, should, anticipate, expect, 
 intend, project, plan, believe, seek, assume, and
variations of these words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future
performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to
predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. These
risks and uncertainties include those described in the section entitled Risk Factors. You should not place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements because the matters they describe are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that
are difficult to predict. Our forward-looking statements are based on the information currently available to us and speak only as of
the date on which they were made. Over time, our actual results, performance, or achievements may differ from those expressed or implied
by our forward-looking statements, and such difference might be significant and materially adverse to our security holders. Except as
required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events, or otherwise. We have identified some of the important factors that could cause future events to differ from our current
expectations and they are described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report under the captions Risk Factors, 
and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as in other documents
that we may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), all of which you should review carefully. Please consider
our forward-looking statements in light of those risks as you read this Annual Report. 

1 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

As
used in this Annual Report, the terms we, us, our, Opti-Harvest and the Company 
refer to Opti-Harvest, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Overview 

Opti-Harvest
is an agricultural innovation company with products backed by a portfolio of patented and patent pending technologies focused on solving
several critical challenges faced by agribusinesses: maximizing crop yield, accelerating crop growth, optimizing land and water resources,
reducing labor costs and mitigating negative environmental impacts. 

Our
advanced agriculture technology (Opti-Filter and precision farming (Opti-View platforms enable commercial growers and
home gardeners to harness, optimize and better utilize sunlight, the planet s most fundamental and renewable natural resource. 

Recent
Events 

Litigation
against Jonathan Destler, our former Chief Executive Officer and former director, and Don Danks, a former director 

On September 30, 2022, a
Complaint (the Complaint ), captioned Securities and Exchange Commission vs. David Stephens, Donald Linn Danks, Jonathan
Destler and Robert Lazarus, and Daniel Solomita and 8198381 Canada, Inc., as relief defendants, Case No. 22CV1483AJB DEB, was filed
in the United States District Court, Southern District of California. In general, the Complaint alleges that Jonathan Destler, a co-founder
and our former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and current employee, and Donald Danks, a co-founder, former director, and former
employee, were part of a control group that committed securities fraud in connection with the purchase and sale of securities of Loop
Industries, Inc., a Nasdaq-listed company. 

On
November 22, 2022, an Indictment (the Indictment ), captioned United States of America v. David Stephens, Donald Danks,
Jonathan Destler and Robert Lazarus, Case No. 22CR2701 BAS, was filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of
California. In general, the Indictment alleges that Mr. Destler and Mr. Danks conspired to and committed securities fraud, based on the
same allegations in the Complaint. The indictment also alleges that Donald Danks engaged in money laundering. 

Furthermore,
the Complaint and the Indictment allege that Mr. Destler and Mr. Danks were part of a control group consisting of four other persons
(David Stephens, Jonathan Destler, Don Danks and Robert Lazarus) who used a third person to make an unregistered offering of securities.
The third person is a deceased former-stockholder of Opti-Harvest, whose Opti-Harvest shares are now held by his estate. 

Transfer
of Voting Control of Mr. Destler s Opti-Harvest Shares to Opti-Harvest 

Although
Mr. Destler (and Mr. Danks, who on January 9, 2023, resigned as an employee of Opti-Harvest) have denied to Opti-Harvest the claims made
against them in the Complaint and the Indictment, Mr. Destler agreed to resign his positions as a director, Chief Executive Officer,
President and Secretary with Opti-Harvest, and transfer voting control (while retaining ownership) of his shares of common stock and
Series A Preferred Stock, to the board of directors of Opti-Harvest. Accordingly, Jeffrey Klausner, Opti-Harvest s, sole director
is the sole trustee of a Voting Trust Agreement, dated December 23, 2022, by and among Opti-Harvest, Inc., Mr. Destler, entities Mr.
Destler controls, Mr. Destler s spouse, and Mr. Klausner, pursuant to which Mr. Klausner, on behalf of Opti-Harvest, votes Mr.
Destler s shares of common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. 

It
should be noted that the term Trust in the title Voting Trust Agreement is used for naming convention only,
and no trust, as an entity, has been created in connection with the Voting Trust Agreement. Accordingly, Mr. Klausner, as the trustee
under the Voting Trust, does not owe any fiduciary duty to Mr. Destler, his affiliated entities, or his spouse, under the Voting Trust
Agreement. Mr. Klausner s sole duty under the Voting Trust Agreement is to vote Mr. Destler s beneficial ownership in Opti-Harvest
securities. 

2 

Under
the Voting Trust Agreement, Mr. Destler had agreed and consented to the appointment of any member of our board of directors to be appointed
a trustee under the Voting Trust Agreement. Therefore, future members of our board of directors may become a trustee under the Voting
Trust Agreement. Whether any future member of our board of directors may become a trustee under the Voting Trust Agreement would depend
on whether any such new director would want to and agree to becoming a trustee under the Voting Trust Agreement. 

The
Voting Trust Agreement terminates on the first to occur of (i) final disposition of the proceedings related to the Complaint and the
Indictment, or (ii) mutual agreement of Opti-Harvest and Mr. Destler. 

Opti-Harvest
Internal Investigation 

The
filing of the Complaint and the Indictment caused our board of directors to ask external legal counsel, who is also counsel to
Opti-Harvest in its initial public offering, to conduct an investigation to determine whether Mr. Destler and/or Mr. Danks have any
plan, agreement, arrangement or understanding to commit any act which could be construed as securities fraud in connection with
Opti-Harvest and its initial public offering. Our legal counsel conducted an internal investigation into whether any officer,
director or employee of Opti-Harvest has, or is aware of, any plan, agreement, arrangement or understanding to (i) manipulate the
price or trading volume of common stock or other securities of Opti-Harvest, or (ii) publish or otherwise disseminate false, untrue,
or misleading information, or information with material omissions of fact, about or otherwise regarding Opti-Harvest. Our legal
counsel concluded, based verbal interviews with Mr. Destler, Mr. Danks, and each officer and director of Opti-Harvest, and based on
written responses from each of officers, our director and our employees (including Mr. Destler and Mr. Danks), that there does not
exist any plan, agreement, arrangement or understanding to (i) manipulate the price or trading volume of common stock or other
securities of Opti-Harvest, or (ii) publish or otherwise disseminate false, untrue, or misleading information, or information with
material omissions of fact, about or otherwise regarding Opti-Harvest. 

Appointment
of Geoffrey Andersen as Chief Executive Officer 

In
connection with the filing of the Complaint and the Indictment, and the agreement of Mr. Destler to transfer voting control of his voting
securities of Opti-Harvest to Mr. Klausner under the Voting Trust Agreement, our board of directors appointed Jeffrey Andersen as our
Chief Executive Officer, effective December 8, 2022. Mr. Andersen had previously, since July 14, 2021, served as a member of our Advisory
Board. In his advisory capacity to us, Mr. Andersen worked closely with Opti-Harvest on all facets of growing our business and strategy,
including government relations, building financial models, product development, technology development, marketing, and general business
strategy, which allowed Mr. Andersen to not only garner a great deal of information about, and be part of, our business and operations,
but to also be the lightning rod for our long-term business strategy. This and his 25-year career serving in multiple leadership and
business development roles at agriculture-related businesses, led to the board of directors asking Mr. Andersen to serve as our Chief
Executive Officer, which he has agreed to do, for a term of two years, stating that he believed in the viability of our business. 

The
Power of Sunlight 

Agriculture
plays a vital role in society. Our survival is based on a sunlight-driven biochemical chain of reactions in which carbon dioxide from
the air and water from the soil are transformed into carbohydrates and oxygen Photosynthesis . Light absorption through
photosynthesis is the cornerstone of all plant growth. It is the very foundation of our food supply as well as the oxygen we breathe. 

Opti-Filter 

Plants
detect and respond to different aspects and qualities of light light intensity, spectral composition, direction, scattering,
duration. Photo-selective filtration of sunlight has well documented effects on numerous crops in different climates. This chromatic
filtration can be used to promote flowering, improve fruit-set, regulate time-to maturation, fruit-size and color. Our
Opti-Filter technology creates an optimized light environment that is detected by the crop canopy and conveyed throughout the canopy
as well as the root system as positive signals to thrive, resulting in crops that are more active, productive, efficient, and healthy.
 Opti-Filter technology delivers the most beneficial parts of the light spectrum directly to plants at all stages of development.
By directing sunlight to where it is needed, filtering the light to favor the red end of the spectrum, and providing an optimized micro-climate
environment, Opti-Filter has been proven in over 65 field trials to accelerate growth and enhance productivity in an array of high-value
crops. 

3 

Opti-Filter
is a proprietary platform technology embedded in our family of products. In its various applications, Opti-Filter collects, spectrally
modifies, and disperses sunlight into shaded and underproductive areas of the inner and lower canopy of a wide variety of crops. Through
this process, Opti-Filter technology makes sunlight more productive by optimizing its spectral composition to provide plants with red-enriched
light that stimulates growth and productivity. Opti-Filter technology, in its various applications, also creates a microclimate environment
that promotes growth by providing protection from wind, cold and other harsh environmental conditions. 

Our
Opti-Filter family of products has been developed and tested in over 65 multi-year field trials during five years with leading commercial
growers in California s Central Valley, Salinas Valley, Coachella Valley, Napa Valley and Sonoma regions. Through these trials
we believe we have demonstrated that our proprietary technology effectively: 

Increases
 revenue per acre by improving production and fruit/nut quality in mature vineyards and orchards; 

Accelerates
 growth of newly planted crops and shortens time to first crop and maturity; 

Increases
 production and accelerates growth without increasing irrigation needs, thus improving land and water resource utilization; 

Advances
 root density and development and mitigates plant daily water stress; 

Reduces
 labor costs associated with pruning, canopy management, training, other related farming practices; and 

Protects
 plants from harsh weather conditions, animals and, in some cases, insect pests. 

Opti-View 

Opti-View
is a multi-vendor precision agriculture platform designed to optimize farmers ability to manage their crops and key inputs including
water and labor. Opti-View is a proprietary and highly sophisticated AI and machine learning based system that integrates data from our
own suite of sensors with data streams from strategic partners. This innovative system is designed to produce powerful predictive analytics
that will empower our customers to make better farming decisions. We call this Agricultural Intelligence . 

We
are committed to the development and utilization of established and emerging technologies to enhance the impact of Opti-Filter technology
and provide valuable information for our ongoing research. Accordingly, we have committed considerable resources under the guidance of
a world-class team to the creation of Opti-View. 

We
believe that the Opti-View and Opti-Filter technology platforms, which are both secured by robust patent protection (see Intellectual
Property below) are complementary and highly innovative systems with very large addressable markets. Precision Agriculture is
a large and fast growing industry that is benefiting from steady increases in commercial adoption. 

Our
Strengths 

We
believe that we have several key strengths that provide us with a competitive advantage: 

Transformative
 agricultural technology platform with proven technology and multiple product applications: Our technology is patented, functional
 and proven with a growing number of customers across major markets in North America and around the world. We expect this trend to
 accelerate as our base of installations grows. 

4 

Intellectual
 property portfolio : Opti-Harvest owns five patent families, including two U.S. patents, one granted European patent, granted
 patents in each of Brazil, Chile, Peru, Israel, and Mexico, as well as one pending international (PCT) application and over thirty
 additional patent applications pending worldwide as of May 30, 2022. Opti-Harvest has 5 years of R D experience, and continues
 to drive innovation. 

Strong
 ecosystem relationships : Through the course of the previous five years and over 65 field trials , Opti-Harvest has developed
 strong collaborative relationships with many leading growers in the commercial agriculture ecosystem; growers who are in the best
 position to recognize the multiple benefits our technology and products bring to their farming initiatives. These industry partnerships
 and collaborative relationships are key to our technical and economic success and are not easily replicated. 

Commitment
 to ESG : Opti-Harvest has an authentic and overarching commitment to ESG, sustainability and social impact. We are committed to
 a broad set of stakeholders, including our employees, our community, our environment, our customers, and our stockholders. This commitment
 aligns with our mission to provide farmer-focused solutions to sustainably feed our world. We see opportunities in many areas of
 the agricultural value chain to address some of today s most significant challenges including food security, farmer livelihood,
 and resource use efficiency. 

We
 are decarbonizing agriculture: Fresh produce accounts for roughly one-tenth of food related greenhouse gas (GHG emissions), or
 approximately 1 of GHG emissions in the U.S. (transportation accounts for 28 of that carbon footprint). We are committed to developing
 technologies that reduce CO emissions across our installed and potential customer base and that reduce the agriculture s
 contribution to climate change. GHG emissions associated with fresh produce production include on-farm inputs (applied water, biocides,
 direct electricity use, direct fuel use and other materials and resources) as well as upstream GHG emissions associated with the
 production and supply of these inputs. We believe our technologies reduce consumption of several of these GHG inputs by improving
 production, operational efficiencies, and resource utilization. 

We
 are conserving resources: An important physiological response to our technology includes as much as 50 mitigation of plant daily
 water stress, more efficient uptake of water and soil nutrients as well as increased photosynthetic uptake of carbon dioxide from
 the atmosphere. 

Experienced
 leadership and scientific team : Opti-Harvest has built an experienced multi-disciplinary leadership and scientific team with
 a strong track record of driving scientific and product innovation and revenue growth in several technology businesses. Each member
 of our leadership team has decades of experience in their respective area of expertise. 

We
 continue to drive innovation . By continuing to focus on innovation and enhancement of our product offerings, we believe we can
 build significant market share, product usage and customer satisfaction. Our research and development, engineering, marketing and
 executive leadership teams bring expertise from a variety of fields including horticultural science, agronomy, optical physics, materials
 science, electronics and networking, product design, software development, machine learning and AI. 

Our
Growth Strategy 

Our
products are marketed to two key markets: commercial agriculture and home garden. We have developed products that accelerate growth,
increase production, reduce labor costs and optimize land and water resource utilization for both market segments. 

We
are developing revenue streams for the following product lines: 

Opti-Filter 
 Products 

ChromaGro 
 Products 

OptiView 
 SaaS Licensing 

5 

Each
of the growth initiatives outlined below depends on our ability to develop broad adoption of our products. We believe that the success
our field testing and extensive product development in collaboration with major commercial growers throughout California will promote
awareness and acceptance of our products. We intend to leverage this acceptance in both the consumer grower and commercial agriculture
segments through the execution of the following strategies: 

New
 product introduction : Our initial commercialization strategy is focused on our Opti-Filter suite of products. We will initially
 focus on converting existing relationships commercial growers with whom we have partnered in testing, developing, and proving
 our technology to become customers and advocates of our commercial products. The introduction of our Opti-View platform will
 represent an important opportunity to expand revenues from existing Opti-Filter customers as well as to offer stand-alone precision
 agriculture solutions to a broad addressable market. 

Expansion
 into new geographies : Opti-Harvest will initially derive most of its business from select markets in North America. As we build
 momentum by expanding our existing customer base and building awareness through new sales and marketing initiatives, we anticipate
 significant growth opportunities in additional regions in North America and in international markets. 

Finance
 / Lease Model : We intend to establish finance partners that will allow us to offer attractive financial terms to commercial agriculture
 customers. We believe that offering this option to prospective customers will serve to accelerate adoption and increase the sales
 velocity and scale of our business. 

Opti-Harvest s
growth and success is dependent upon developing and implementing go-to-market strategies that ensure superior customer satisfaction,
retention, and expansion. As Opti-Harvest transitions from highly successful field trials to comprehensive commercialization initiatives,
opportunities for industry partnerships and/or developing marketing, sales and distribution capabilities internally will be evaluated
and piloted to ensure all aspects of customer and product support are validated. 

Go-to-Market 

We
believe there are clear and subtle trade-offs between internal development of these capabilities and partnering with existing industry
players to execute on our go-to-market strategies. These trade-offs include speed of deployment, geographic coverage, cost and control
of our brand and reputation. Partnering may provide benefits for speed, coverage, and cost, while internal development may provide more
brand and corporate reputation control and direct customer relationships. Potential partners to be considered will be farm equipment
dealerships, irrigation distributors, and other agricultural retailers providing fertilizer, crop protection and technology products
to growers in the field. 

The
go-to-market processes begin after the customer acquisition process is complete and there are signed contractual commitments between
Opti-Harvest and the grower customer. These sub-processes will need to cover the following: 

Installation
 Installation of Opti-Harvest products in grower fields will require reliable personnel, the appropriate tools, expertise,
and training. The in-field installation of the Opti-Harvest products are not very complex and will allow for fairly quick training of
either company or partner employees. 

Grower
training The successful implementation of the Opti-Harvest products will require some basic training of growers. It will
be most important in the customer acquisition process that the growers are well informed about the use and benefits of each product purchased.
At the time of installation, the grower s employees will need to have brief training on how to install and monitor the products
in-field to identify when the products may need to be adjusted and/or replaced due to potential defects or weather-related impairment.
Growers will also need to modify some of their farming practices when using our products this usually will result in less labor
and other potential savings. 

Warranty
 Opti-Harvest will provide a 12-month warranty policy for each product implemented in the field. This warranty will require
Opti-Harvest to repair or replace any products as quickly as possible if defects are identified. This will also require optimal inventory
processes that allow for timely replacement when necessary. 

Support
 It is anticipated that minimal product support will be necessary with the Opti-Harvest products. However, online and phone
options will be provided to allow growers to quickly ask questions and/or report problems in the field. 

6 

Upgrades
 It is expected that there will be minimal product upgrade requirements, while the products are functional in the field. Upgrades
will be provided through natural replacement processes given the lifecycles of each individual product. 

Recycle
 At the end of the product lifecycle, the materials used in the Opti-Harvest products will be collected in the field and transported
to a recycling partner to ensure the optimal environmental impact. 

Current
Challenges in Agriculture and Agribusiness 

Society
is critically dependent on agriculture. It is the foundation of our food chain and provides 27 of the world s jobs. From its inception,
its primary purpose has been to feed and fuel human activity. 

Driven
by innovation and investment, agricultural productivity has increased substantially. Agricultural output nearly tripled between 1948
and 2015 even as the amount of labor and land used in farming declined by approximately 74 and 24 , respectively. During that
same period farmers in many parts of the world have increased efficiency and productivity. But agriculture is entering a new era marked
by scarcer resources, greater demand and potentially higher price and supply volatility. Going forward, the world must produce far more
with less. 

To
meet this challenge, farmers must increase production per acre. They need to reduce the risk of crop failure, minimize operating costs
and sell crops for the highest price possible. This requires, amongst other things, effectively managing resources like land, water and
other inputs while minimizing the impact of weather and pests. 

Yet
farmers are confronted with increasing pressure from climate change, soil erosion, biodiversity loss, changing consumer tastes in food
and concerns about how their food is produced. Nevertheless, farmers and producers are tasked with sustaining a global population with
food production that will need to increase by 50 or more by 2050. Compounding the challenge is the reality that farms around the world
have unique characteristics and challenges: different landscapes, soils, available technologies, access to needed capital, supply and
distribution chains, and highly variable potential yields. 

Climate. 

The
effects of climate change are increasingly impacting farmers ability to grow the food we need. Increasingly volatile weather and
more extreme weather events can change growing seasons, limit the availability of water, allow weeds, pests and fungi to thrive, all
of which reduce crop productivity. 

Soil
erosion is reducing the amount of arable land for agriculture and declining biodiversity affects the pollination of crops. Farmers are
under pressure to conserve water and use fewer agricultural inputs. Rise in the frequency of droughts and floods, all of which tend to
reduce crop yields. 

Consumer
needs and expectations drive the food value chain. 

Farmers
need to keep pace with increasing demand for more food and higher quality food. In addition to concerns about adequate food supply, society
has rising expectations for good food , coupled with expectations that farmers will reduce negative impacts that conventional
farming practices may have on the environment. 

Driving
Innovation by Tapping into Our Most Fundamental Resource 

Technology
is a fast-paced industry that impacts our lives, our society, and culture in countless ways. The speed and scale with which technology
can disrupt existing business and create new opportunities and industries is staggering. Agriculture technology Agtech ),
new breeding techniques, soil and biome enhancement, precision agriculture, robotics, satellites, artificial intelligence, big data and
the Internet of Things IoT are being introduced and adopted at a remarkable pace. 

7 

Innovations
in animal and crop genetics, chemicals, robotics, global positioning systems (GPS), imagery, sensors and the use of big data have driven
changes in the U.S. farming sector, causing total farm output to more than double between 1948 and 2015, even while the amount of land
and labor devoted to farming declined. 

The
power, promise, and potential of Agtech is its capacity to make agriculture more productive and sustainable. For example, because of
Agtech, the farm-to-fork process is becoming more automated, connected, sensed, and traced, while data-driven technologies promise to
boost agricultural productivity by increasing yields, reducing losses and lowering input costs. 

Yet,
despite these advances in Agtech and the technologies introduced in the information age, we believe that sunlight remains our most fundamental
resource; one that can unlock even greater potential for agricultural production and resource management through the development of innovative
technologies that optimize plant utilization of sunlight. 

From
home garden growers to large commercial scale agribusinesses, sunlight plays a crucial role and light interception is a major limiting
factor in production and product quality in a wide variety of crops. Plants are green because they absorb the most productive parts of
the light spectrum and reflect what they don t need. Green light is a signal for plants to slow-down or stop growth. It is nature s
way of separating plants to avoid overcrowding but has become a limiting factor in the modern intensive agriculture. We exploit this
well-established but underutilized scientific phenomenon. 

Opti-Harvest
is focused on developing best-in-class agriculture technologies that help growers efficiently increase production, improve economic performance
and environmental sustainability. We are driving innovation by harnessing nature s most fundamental resource sunlight itself,
in a way never done before. 

Market
Opportunity 

Commercial
Farming 

Agriculture,
food, and related industries contributed 1.109 trillion to the U.S. gross domestic product (GDP) in 2019, a 5.2 share. The output of
America s farms contributed 136.1 billion of this sum about 0.6 of GDP. 

According
to the most recent Census of Agriculture, production costs for the approximately 110,000 farms actively producing fruit, tree nuts and
berries had increased 17 over the prior census period (2012). Approximately 45 of these farms reported a net loss. 

Against
this background, rapid population growth, increased urbanization, and mounting stress on natural resources have increased the need for
agriculture to become a more efficient, sustainable industry. 

The
Agtech sector has the potential to completely reshape global agriculture, dramatically increasing the productivity of the agriculture
system while reducing the environmental and social costs of current Ag production practices. We will need to produce more food in the
next forty years than during the entire course of human history. In order to do so on a planet showing signs of severe environmental
stress, Agtech innovations will be essential. We believe human ingenuity can rise to the occasion and overcome these global challenges,
but to do so will require significant investment, commitment, and AgTech-specific entrepreneur support systems to foster innovation in
the field. 

The
World Economic Forum estimates that if just 15 to 25 of farms were to adopt precision agriculture technologies, global crop yield could
increase by 10 to 15 by 2030 while at the same time reducing greenhouse gas emissions and water use by 10 and 20 respectively. 

Demand
for agricultural equipment is cyclical, influenced by, among other things, farm income, farmland values, weather conditions, the demand
for agricultural commodities, commodity and protein prices and general economic conditions, as well as government policies and subsidies. 

The
global farm machinery and equipment market is expected to grow from 183.8 billion in 2020 to 201.8 billion in 2021 at a compound annual
growth rate (CAGR) of 9.8 

8 

Field
Marketing Analysis 

Field
monitoring analysis technologies, collectively referred to as precision agriculture provide software and sensors
to monitor, analyze, predict, and optimize in-field elements including crops, water, weather, and pests. Startups in this sector offer
hardware sensors designed to collect specific farm data such as weather, moisture, and plant health. Other providers in the space develop
software that can interpret data and improve decision making. 

Growers
have long been a critical market for field monitoring analysis companies promising significant benefits through data collection.
However, the promises of meaningful improvements through data collection have largely fallen short because growers have lacked sufficient
tools to interpret and act on the data. This has led to a significant level of technology fatigue and resistance to new technologies.
However, with data collection infrastructure well advanced, emerging AI machine learning and predictive analytics technologies
are poised to complete the loop by improving decision-making capabilities and offering meaningful recommendations based on data trends
and analysis. 

The
estimated market size of the field monitoring and analysis, based on the global revenues of precision agriculture providers, is estimated
to be 5.8 billion in 2020 and growing at a CAGR of 13.6 to reach 11.1 billion by 2025. 

Home
Garden Market 

With
the global population expected to reach more than 10 billion by 2050, there is a continuous need to increase food production and buffer
stocks. In addition, we believe the COVID-19 pandemic has aggravated food insecurity in urban centers because of the disruption in the
food supply chain, aggravation of the physical and economic barriers that restrict access to food, and the catastrophic increase in food
waste because of labor shortages. 

There
is a need to adopt more resilient food systems, reduce food waste, and strengthen local food production. Enhancing availability at the
household and community levels through home gardening and urban agriculture is an important strategy. 

Over
the recent years there has been growing interest to strengthen and intensify local food production in order to mitigate the adverse effect
of global food shocks and food price volatilities. Consequently, there is much attention towards home gardens as a strategy to enhance
household food security and nutrition. 

Food
production within the cities include small land farming in households, local community gardens, indoor and rooftop gardens, vertical
farming, etc. We believe that home gardening is poised to play an important role in advancing food and nutritional security during and
after the COVD-19 pandemic, while also strengthening the provisioning of numerous ecosystem services. 

The
home garden industry in the U.S. continues to expand accordingly. Recent data from the 2021 National Gardening Survey reports that: 

More
 than four in ten U.S. households (42 report participating in some type of food gardening (vegetable gardening, fruit tree cultivation,
 growing berries, or herb gardening) in 2020, significantly higher than in 2019 (33 ). 

Among
 respondents from households who purchased one or more lawn and garden items in 2020, 39 (an estimated 40.2 million households) say
 they spent slightly (24 or a great deal (14 more in 2020 on lawn and garden supplies and activities than they did in 2019, just
 under half (48 , 50.3M) say they spent about the same amount, and 13 (13.8M) say they spent slightly (8 or a great deal (6 less. 

Among
 those who say they participated in lawn and garden activities more in 2020 than they did in 2019, nearly three-quarters (72 say
 they also spent more in 2020 than in 2019. Even among those who say they participated less in 2020 than in 2019, 31 say they spent
 more while 38 say they spent less. 

Amongst
 U.S. households, 30.4 (39.1M) report participating in vegetable gardening, 23.5 (30.1M) report participating in tree care, 20.0 
 (20.5M) report participating in container gardening, 14.4 (18.4M) report cultivating fruit trees and 7.7 (9.9M) report growing
 berries. 

9 

The
 estimated 18.4 million households participated in cultivating fruit trees in 2020 represents an increase of 35.4 since 2019 (13.6M)
 and nearly 2 million higher than the five-year average of 16.5M. 

With
 an estimated 95.8 million participating households in 2020 and an average spending of 458.26 per household, participating households
 spent an estimated 43.9 billion. 

Just
 under half (47.5 of participating households purchased one or more outdoor containers and season extending products in 2020, significantly
 higher than the percentage of participating households which purchased this product type in 2019 (41.1 and higher than the five-year
 average of 42.8 . 

Our
Technology and Products 

We
are building a global agriculture technology business providing advanced equipment and precision agriculture software and solutions. 

Our
technologies fall into three categories: 

Advanced
 Farm Equipment (Opti-Filter family of products), 

Precision
 Agriculture (Opti-View), and 

Home
 garden products (ChromaGro, powered by Opti-Filter). 

Opti-Filter 

Opti-Filter
products are designed to optimize land and water resources by utilizing sunlight in novel ways to accelerate growth in newly planted
crops (Opti-Gro, Opti-Shield and ChromaGro), and improve production in mature vineyards and orchards (Opti-Skylights and Opti-Panels).
Opti-Filter photo-selective technology turns sunlight into scattered, red-enriched light, maximizing the sun s most productive
rays and filtering out those that inhibit growth and production, which results in enhanced foliage activity, fruitfulness, shorter time
to production, and substantial increases in marketable yield. These benefits are enhanced further by significant reductions in labor
costs and other related expenses associated with conventional farming practices. Increasing outputs (yield, revenues) and lowering inputs
(labor costs, resources) are age-old challenges for farmers. Our consumer product line (ChromaGro) is focused on the home garden market. 

Opti-View 

The
Opti-Filter family of products is complimented by our unique Agricultural Intelligence technology which collects and processes
critical environmental data from a variety of sensors and industry partners to provide predictive analytics and recommendations that
are designed to enable growers to incorporate powerful data into their decision-making process. Currently, we have approximately 9 million
records to correlate with our plant physiology data, and we are developing a proprietary Agricultural Intelligence framework to integrate
our data with data streams from our partners. We believe this system will provide far greater insights than any single system could and
will enable growers to collect and interpret crucial data from which to make better choices to improve yield and maximize resources including
irrigation and labor. 

Sunlight
as a Service 

We
believe that our products will provide innovative, sustainable solutions for agriculture by focusing on: 

Optimizing
 Nature Our sustainable Ag technology platform is powered by the sun. It maximizes a free and renewable resource with no need
 for additional chemicals or fertilizers. We bring the benefits of a greenhouse (control of light, climate and labor) to open field
 cultivation for accelerated crop development, greater crop yields and significant savings in energy, labor, water, and carbon emissions.

10 

Water
 Use Efficiency Stimulating root development by providing crops with tailored light and physical protection creates a microclimate
 which limits evaporation. Our products allow more efficient water uptake, thus reducing plant drought stress and irrigation needs.

Land
 Use Efficiency Economic needs push growers to plant crops very close together. We solve the problem of shading that occurs
 in high density planting by maximizing light-interception beyond all known conventional practices, allowing better land use and optimized
 productivity for higher revenue per acre. 

Carbon
 Fixation Our products are carbon footprint-negative. By increasing photosynthesis and photomorphogenic activity, thereby
 accelerating and maximizing growth and production, we believe our products allow plants to fix more carbon from the atmosphere than
 they would without our technology. 

Reclaim
 Recycle Our products are made in the USA from highly durable HDPE, an eco-friendly and recyclable plastic. Our solution
 and services model will include a reclaim and recycle program to reduce waste and promote a sustainable product life cycle. 

Agriculture
 Intelligence - In addition to our Ag technology platform, we will provide a comprehensive suite of Internet of Things (IoT)
 and AI solutions to help growers gain further insights into optimizing crop yield and resource use through predictive analytics and
 recommendations. These tools are also used to guide us in our own product development. 

Opti-Filter 
Family of Products 

We
believe Opti-Filter technology combines innovative industrial design with established science and leverages our scientific team s
decades of combined experience in the fields of biochemistry, plant physiology, biophysics, and optical physics. 

Opti-Filter
 photo-selective technology turns sunlight into scattered, red-enriched light, maximizing the sun s most productive rays and
 filtering out those that inhibit growth and production 

Red-enriched
 light fuels photosynthesis and triggers positive photomorphogenic plant responses. 

By
 filtering sunlight to the red end of the spectrum while diffusing and directing light where it is needed, Opti-Filter accelerates
 plant growth and enhances productivity. 

Opti-Filter
 promotes enhanced foliage activity, shorter time to production, maturity and substantial increases in marketable yield all
 by simply using what s already there: SUNLIGHT. 

Growth-Accelerating
Products 

Accelerates
 plant establishment development 
 
 Reduces
 time to production maturity 
 
 Overcomes shading of vine / tree replants by adjacent older 
 vines / trees 
 
 Reduces
 labor costs by naturally training vines to the trellis 
 
 Opti-Gro 
 Newly
 planted replanted vines (table, raisin, wine grapes) 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 Opti-Shield 
 Newly
 planted replanted tree crops (citrus, almond, pistachio, avocado, etc.) 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 ChromaGro 
 Vegetable
 Gardens (tomato, pepper, herbs, etc.) 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 NA 

11 

Opti-Gro
Units function as individual plant-growth chambers that target multiple biological processes to naturally accelerate growth and shorten
time to first crop and maturity in table and raisin grapes, and wine grape vines. 

- 
 Optimized
 light and microclimate environment promotes accelerates vine growth and development 

- 
 Shortens
 time to 1 st crop and maturity. 

- 
 Naturally
 trains vines upward reducing labor costs associated with training. 

- 
 Durable
 chamber protects from environmental stress and repels pests. 

Applications 

The
Opti-Gro units are applied soon after vine planting and typically left in place for one season only. However, their positive impacts
last several seasons after their removal. 

Vine
Replants . Table grape crops experience on average 3 to 5 annual loss, wine grapes can experience over 20 loss annually and all
require vines to be replaced. Replanting missing vines is critical to maintaining vineyard production and extending economic life. However,
replanted vines seldom catch up with the rest of the vineyard due to shading by adjacent mature vines, and shortage in labor required
for vine training. Opti-Gro units overcome heavy shading from adjacent vines, accelerate vine canopy and root development, provide self-training,
and shorten time to production and maturity by 2-3 years. 

Newly
Planted Vineyards . Vine growth and development in cool climate regions can take 4-5 years to reach full production. Opti-Gro units
protect vines through the herbaceous stage becoming lignified (woody) in year 1, surviving the winter and continuing development to production
by year 2. Tailored light delivery and controlled microclimate result in dramatically faster, longer, and more vigorous vegetative growth. 

The
current state-of-the-art alternative to Opti-Gro is a small diameter grow tube, which constrains rather accelerates growth. 

Field
Tests 

We
have conducted fully randomized field trials, each composed of 20+ replicates per treatment performed in wine grapes. 

Warm
Climate . In 2019-2021 trials in Thompson seedless raisins, Autumn Royal and Ivory table
grapes located around SJ Valley, California, Opti-Gro treated replant vines continued growth throughout the season while control (common-practice)
replant vines ceased growing in June due to excessive shading. 50-300 (cultivar dependent) larger trunk diameter was detected by end
of the 1 st season. Fruitfulness in the 2 nd season was enhanced by 300 in vines treated by Opti-Gro in the former
season relative to control replant vines. 

Cold
Climate . In 2018-2020 trials Pinot Noir wine grape in Monterey County; Cabernet Sauvignon and Chardonnay 
in Sonoma County), the Opti-Gro vines trunk diameter continued growth throughout the season, extending into Autumn, unlike control vines
that ceased growing by mid-summer. The result was 20-300 (cultivar dependent) larger trunk diameter than control vines. 

Vines
with Opti-Gro (based on field tests) 

Over
 2x faster growth 

5x
 more likely to survive winter frost dieback 

Reach
 time to full production 1-3 years faster 

20-300 
 increase in trunk diameter 

300 
 increase in 2 nd year s fruitfulness 

Opti-Shields
 are designed to fit newly planted fruit trees, nut trees and other crops. The Opti-Filter technology provides a spectrally modified
light environment, wind-breaking and improved microclimate that accelerates establishment and growth of newly planted tree crops, shortening
time-to-production and maturity. 

12 

Applications 

Opti-Shield
are applied soon after planting and kept for two years. 

Field
Tests 

We
have conducted fully randomized field trials on Trees with Opti-Shield, each composed of 20+ replicates per treatment . 

In
several 2019-2021 field trials (newly planted Sumo, Orri, and Tango mandarins; almonds; pistachio) Opti-Shield canopy volume and foliage
density increased by 50-200 within 1-2 years (crop dependent) compared to control trees while daily water stress was reduced by 50 .
Insect-pest infestation in the OH-trees was reduced by 70 . First fruit production increased by 50-100 in citrus mandarin relative
to common practice trees. 

Our
field tests have shown that trees with Opti-Shield have: 

1-2
 years faster to full production 

200 
 accelerated in canopy size 

50 
 increase to foliage density 

70 
 reduction in Thrips infestation 

Products
Improving Production 

Provides spectrally modified, diffused light for better 
 fruit yield 
 
 Self-training;
 greatly reduced canopy management 
 
 Protection
 from rain, hail, frost, sunburn 
 
 Design
 for present and future trellising systems 
 
 Opti-Panels 
 Wine
 table grapes; Trellis tree crops 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 

Opti-Panels
 utilize Opti-Filter technology to reduce labor costs and improve production in mature vineyards and crops grown on trellis systems. 

- 
 Translucent
 panels provide photoselective light environment self-training for table grapes and other fruit crops grown on trellis system;

- 
 Canopy
 is kept open all season improving fruitfulness, cluster and fruit quality the following year; 

- 
 Labor
 required to manage canopy, position shoots and branches is drastically reduced; 

- 
 Crop
 maturity in table grapes can be advanced, delayed or not affected based on selection of panel chromatics; and 

- 
 Continuous
 protection from rain, sunburn, frost and hail. 

Applications 

Rapid
canopy growth during peak season creates excessive shading resulting in delayed coloration, uneven ripening and unmarketable waste. Aggressive,
repeated pruning and trimming is required during the season. The Opti-Panels maintain the center trellis open throughout the season.
The Opti-Panels are installed by retrofitting into current trellis systems, or along with initial construction, and remain in the vineyard
or orchard for many years. 

13 

Field
Tests 

We
have conducted fully randomized field trials, each composed of 20+ replicates per treatment during 2017-2019, followed by semi-commercial,
non-randomized trials in 2020-2021. 

In
2017-2019 table grape trials Flame Seedless , Krissy , Allison cultivars) Opti-Panel treated
vines demonstrated a 40 increase in crop value. Grapes ripened earlier or later in the season (cultivar and Panel color dependent) while
berry size, width and length increased relative to the control. In the 2020-2021 table grape trials Ivory , Krissy ,
 Allison , Scarlotta , Autumn Crisp, Autumn King , Adora cultivars) rain-protection function
was added to the Opti-Panels. Preliminary results demonstrate positive impact of the Red Panel on next year s fruitfulness and
may add protection of the cluster berries from heat damage. 

In
a 2020 trellised peach trial the red Opti-Panel demonstrated earlier fruit maturation and 17 increase in harvested fruit. 

Our
field tests have shown that trellised crops with Opti-Harvest: 

Ripen
 earlier or later in the season (crop and cultivar dependent) 

Have
 a 40 increase in crop value 

Are
 protected from rain, wind, and sunburns 

Are
 labor saving on pruning, leafing, training, positioning 

Have
 an open canopy for easy harvesting accessibility 

Provides
 spectrally modified, diffused light for better fruit yield, size and quality 

Reduces
 pruning of inner canopy 
 
 Improves
 water-use-efficiency 
 
 Designed
 for conventional tree canopy 
 
 Opti-Skylight 
 Citrus,
 Pistachio, Cherry other tree crops 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes

Opti-Skylight
 solar funnels penetrate the canopy of mature fruit and nut trees to improve production in tree crops. 

- 
 Parabolic
 collector concentrates and directs sunlight to the inner canopy, while translucent down tube delivers the production-enhancing effects
 of red enriched light throughout the canopy. 

- 
 Active
 foliage developing around the formerly most shaded inner canopy, resulting in more productive canopy 

- 
 Field
 trials confirm increased productivity, earlier maturation, improvements in fruit size and quality, all with higher water use efficiency. 

- 
 Reduced
 labor costs associated with center canopy pruning. 

Applications 

High
density plantings result in heavy shading. Sunlight reaches exterior foliage while inner canopies remain shaded, non-productive or produce
unmarketable fruit. 

In
a 2017-2019 trial (Sumo mandarin) Opti-Skylight treated trees produced 21 more total fruit and 44 more large fruit in the first season.
In the second season, too much fruit load (~20 above control) caused branch breaking. 

In
a 2018-2021 trial (Sumo mandarin) Opti-Skylight treated trees produced 6 more marketable fruit in the 1 st treatment year
relative to control; 13 more in the 2 nd year; and 47 more fruit in the 3 rd year. Fruit ripened 1-2 weeks earlier
than control . 

In
a 2019-2020 trial (Tango mandarin) Opti-Skylight treated trees produced 22 more marketable-size fruit in 1 st year; 4 more
total fruit, and 15 more fruit of large size in the 2 nd , on-year; and 45 more marketable-size fruit in the 3 rd 
year. 

14 

In
a 2018-2020 trial (pistachio) Opti-Skylight treated trees produced 24 higher in nut-yield in the 1 st trial year (off-year);
16 higher in 2 nd , on-year, and 34 higher than control in the 3 rd , off-year. Nut quality was 9 higher in treated
trees relative to control. 

In
a 2019-2020 trial (pistachio) Opti-Skylight trees produced 11 higher nut yield in the 1 st trial (on-) year relative to control,
and 16 higher yield in the 2 nd (on-year). Nut quality was 8 higher in treated trees relative to control. The Opti units
additionally advanced nut maturation. 

Field
trials were each comprised of 15-30 replicates / treatment, fully randomized. Reduced center-canopy pruning was applied in most trials.
Opti-Harvest treated trees suffered 50 less water stress during summer-autumn periods . 

Our
field tests have shown that Trees with Opti-Skylight: 

Have
 a 15-47 increase in yield 

Produce
 less non-marketable fruit waste 

Have
 50 less water stress during Summer-Autumn 

Have
 a 2,000- 12,000 increase in fruit value per acre, crop and year dependent. 

ChromaGro 

We
are applying the knowledge, science and successful results of our Opti-Filter agribusiness products to the home garden market with ChromaGro.
A similar but modified version of our Opti-Gro product line, ChromaGro is designed for use in home gardens in rural (backyards, professional
gardens) and urban (patios, balconies and terraces) settings. Field trials have demonstrated over 200 increases in fruit yield as well
as protection from frost in tomatoes, peppers and beans. 

Opti-View 

According
to the International Food Policy Research Institute, data-driven techniques can increase farm productivity by as much as 67 by 2050.
This type of increase will be essential for growers to meet expected demand caused by worldwide population growth and other environmental
factors. 

Opti-View
is a proprietary, high sophisticated, multi-vendor AI and machine learning precision agriculture platform. It integrates data from our
own suite of sensors with data streams from strategic partners. It s designed to empower farmers with better data by offering
valuable insights from predictive analytics so they can better manage their crop yields and key inputs including water and labor. We
call this Agricultural Intelligence . 

We
are committed to the development and utilization of existing and emerging technologies to enhance the impact of Opti-Filter technology
and provide valuable information for our ongoing research. Accordingly, we have committed considerable resources under the guidance of
a world-class team to the creation of Opti-View. 

Opti-View
roadmap: 

Over
 the last several years we designed and successfully implemented a custom proof of concept Internet of Things environmental monitoring
 system. The system measures and reports basic parameters (such as visible and IR light, temperature, etc.) on a 15-minute basis.
 The system incorporates several hundred sensors installed at a variety of commercial growers in Central California. 

We
 created a prototype cloud-based dashboard where the data feed is aggregated, organized, and stored. Approximately 9 million records
 are available for rudimentary analysis and graphical presentation. The system also incorporates real time messaging for reporting
 alarm conditions such as high heat. 

We
 will build a data warehouse to hold results from our 60+ field experiments for correlation purposes. 

Opti-View
 is now being created to house our next generation cloud based dashboard with significantly enhanced presentation and analytic capabilities.
 Specifically, the ability to capture crop yield and environmental inputs to create AI training sets for predictive analytics and
 recommendations on how to improve crop yield and lower resource usage. This will be the alpha (internal) version of our Agriculture
 Intelligence platform. 

15 

We
 have started the design of the next generation of hardware to increase our capabilities with new functions such as multispectral
 and RGB imaging and more accurate local weather. We believe our next generation of gateways will have increased reliability and speed
 and allow for processing to be performed at the edge of the network to increase our capabilities and lower costs. 

We
 will incorporate data-streams from industry partners to further enhance our Opti-View system. We believe that these additional data
 streams will make for more accurate predictions than those from a single stream alone. This is slated to be the first (beta) commercial
 deployment of Agricultural Intelligence. 

Competition 

While
we are not aware of any company which markets and/or sells technology or products that compete directly with our Opti-Filter technology
and products, many agricultural technology companies are developing and commercializing technologies that purport to increase crop yield
by other methods such as Biolumic which is expanding work with ultraviolet waves to boost crop yields and crop enhancement, developing
products to protect and enhance crop yields. 

In
addition, we compete with many companies developing and commercializing precision agriculture equipment and technology such as John Deere,
AGCO, CNH Industrial and Kubota Corp, drone companies including Aerobics, Taranis and Aerovironment, technology enablers that include
GPS companies such as Trimble and CiBo Technologies, data analysis companies such as Farmobile, CropX, Semcrop, Arable, SemiosBio, FarmX
and Climate Corp., DNA sequencies companies like Trace Genomics and applied technology business at Raven Industries as well as chip and
sensor companies ranging from NXP Semiconductors to STMicroelectronics that serve the smart farming market. 

We
believe that many of these companies are developing technologies, in particular those focused on genetics and chemicals, that may ultimately
be complimentary to ours. 

With
an established portfolio of intellectual property across each of our business segments, and a highly differentiated approach to building
technologies designed to leverage sunlight to drive agricultural efficiencies and crop yield, we believe that we are uniquely positioned
in the market to deliver our value proposition. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
have pursued a thoughtful and aggressive IP strategy, balancing trade secret and patent protection of our innovation. Our patent portfolio
includes extensive international coverage expected to expire between 2034 (earliest filings) through 2041 (most recent filings), broadly
covering our Canopy, Grow, Shield, Barrel and Panel units, as well as our novel Internet of Things and related innovations. 

Our
patents cover Opti-Harvest light harvesting delivery and plant microclimate-regulating technologies. 

Summary
of Opti-Harvest Patent Portfolio 

Opti
 Patent Family 1 is entitled Harvesting, transmission, spectral modification and delivery of sunlight to shaded areas of plants, 
 and covers the Company s core light harvesting technology. This family has a first filing date of 2013, is expected to expire
 in 2034, was originally filed by DisperSolar, and has since been acquired by Opti-Harvest. This patent family (including issued patent
 and pending applications) extends to a wide geography spanning major fruit producing regions across Europe, Israel, much of Latin
 America, China, and the United States. Representative issued US patent nos. 10,132,457 and 10,955,098 provide coverage of aspects
 of the Company s foundational Opti-Skylight systems, and additional claim coverage is being pursued in a pending U.S. Continuation
 application. 

Opti
 Patent Family 2 is entitled Methods and devices for stimulating growth of grape vines, grape vine replants, or agricultural
 cash crops, and covers the Company s Opti-Grow and Shield technologies for improvement of growth of new plantings, for
 example grave vine replants. This patent family has a first filing date of 2017, and is expected to expire in 2038. Representative
 United States patent application no. 16/526,790 is pending before the USPTO. As with Family 1, the disclosure and pending claim scope
 are not limited to any specific crop or specific field application. This patent family is pending in a geography spanning major fruit
 producing regions across Europe, Israel, much of Latin America, South Africa, India, China, and the United States. 

16 

Opti
 Patent Family 3 is entitled A light directing platform for a cultivar growing environment, and covers the Company s
 proprietary Internet of Things technology. This patent family has a first filing date of 2018, is expected to expire in 2039, and
 is pending in the United States (US 17/287,594), China, Europe, India, and Israel. 

Opti
 Patent Family 4, filed in 2019, is entitled Trellis Panels for Sunlight Delivery, Shoot Positioning, and Canopy Division 
 is expected to expire in 2040, covers Opti-Harvest s Opti-Panel technologies, and is pending in Europe, Australia, New Zealand,
 Israel, much of Latin America (with an allowance having been issued in 2022 for Chile), South Africa, India, China, and the United
 States (17/571,937). 

Opti
 Patent Family 5, filed in 2020, is entitled Agricultural Data Integration and Analysis Platform, is expected to expire
 in 2041, agricultural data integration and analysis platforms, and is pending internationally (PCT/US2020/044046). 

We
have also applied for trademark protection for OPTI-HARVEST in the United States, Brazil, Chile, China, Europe, Hong Kong, India, Israel,
Mexico, Peru, and the United Kingdom. 

We
have also applied for protection of design features of our Opti-Skylight units in Europe (granted in 2022), China, and the United States. 

We
expect to rely on, trade secrets, copyrights, know-how, trademarks, license agreements and contractual provisions to establish our intellectual
property rights and protect our brand and services. These legal means, however, afford only limited protection and may not adequately
protect our rights. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets
or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of
resources and management attention. 

We
intend to seek the widest possible protection for significant product and process developments in our major markets through a combination
of trade secrets, trademarks, copyrights and patents, if applicable. We anticipate that the form of protection will vary depending upon
the level of protection afforded by the particular jurisdiction. 

We
intend to register trademarks as a means of protecting the brand names of our companies and products. We intend protect our trademarks
against infringement and also seek to register design protection where appropriate. 

We
rely on trade secrets and unpatentable know-how that we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements. We expect that, where
applicable, we will require our employees to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment with us. We expect
these agreements to provide that all confidential information developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual s
relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific limited circumstances. The agreements
will also provide that all inventions conceived by the individual while rendering services to us shall be assigned to us as the exclusive
property of our company. There can be no assurance, however, that all persons who we desire to sign such agreements will sign, or if
they do, that these agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets or
unpatentable know-how will not otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. 

Manufacturing 

Our
products are all designed, and we expect to manufacture them in the United States, with the exception of some components and accessories
used for mounting and installation related uses. We believe we have adequate manufacturing capabilities, including manufacturing facilities
with whom we have established working relationships and consultants with expertise in our specific type of materials, design and production
methods to meet industry demand. 

17 

Marketing 

We
plan to market our technology and products directly to commercial growers, commercial nurseries, vineyard and farm management firms and
farmland asset managers. We intend to leverage the many existing relationships established during the testing and development of our
products; to convert those collaborative partnerships into customer relationships and capitalize on the word of mouth and referral culture
prevalent in farming communities. We will also be actively marketing through industry trade publications, conferences and Ag events. 

Employees 

We
employed nine (9) full-time persons on December 31, 2022. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreement. 

We
seek to create a workplace environment that fosters personal and business successes by offering training and development, which further
assist our employees in meeting and exceeding our established standards of performance. Additionally, our employees work directly with
our executive management team to address any internal concerns and continuously improve the ways in which we serve our employees and
customers. 

Government
Regulation 

We
are required to comply with all regulations, rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies applicable to the installation
and operation of any of our products in any jurisdiction, in which we would conduct activities. We do not believe that government regulation
will have a material impact on the way we conduct our business. 

Legal
Proceedings 

We
are not currently a party to any legal proceedings. We may at times be involved in litigation and other legal claims in the ordinary
course of business. When appropriate in our estimation, we may record reserves in our financial statements for pending litigation and
other claims. 

Facilities 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 190 N. Canon Dr., Beverly Hills, California 90210. We sublease this location on a month-to-month
agreement and our rent expense is 2,500 per month. We believe that our office is sufficient to meet our current needs and that suitable
additional space will be available as and when needed on acceptable terms. 

Bankruptcy
or Similar Proceedings 

We
have never been subject to bankruptcy, receivership, or any similar proceeding. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

As
a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information
called for by this Item. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 190 N. Canon Dr., Beverly Hills, California 90210. We sublease this location on a month-to-month
agreement and our rent expense is 2,500 per month. 

As
we expand, we will need to find suitable additional space, which we believe is available on commercially reasonable terms for Opti-Harvest,
Inc. We do not own any real estate. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time the Company may be named in claims arising in the ordinary course of business. Currently, there are no such legal proceedings
that are pending against the Company or that involve the Company that, in the opinion of management, could reasonably be expected to
have a material adverse effect on the Company s business or financial condition. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

18 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Between
May 17, 2022 and December 8, 2022, the Company granted an aggregate of 169,650 restricted stock units (RSU) to its employees and executives
pursuant to the Company s 2022 Stock Incentive Plan, with an aggregate fair value of 750,000, based on the Company s current
private offering price. We made the offering pursuant to the exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act. 

Between
May 27, 2022 and December 28, 2022, we issued 565,044 shares of common stock, with a fair value of approximately 2,497,983, or 4.42
per share, to holders of our Senior Convertible Promissory Notes as consideration for modifying the terms of the Senior Convertible Promissory
Notes. The offering was made pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 701, promulgated pursuant to Section 3(b) of
the Securities Act. 

Between
June 2022 and September 2022, we offered and sold 366,445 shares of common stock to 12 accredited investors, at a purchase price of 4.42
per share, for aggregate proceeds of 1,620,005. The Company made the offering pursuant to the exemption from registration afforded by
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D, promulgated under the Securities Act, where each purchaser was an
 accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D. 

In
January and February 2023, we offered and sold approximately 200,000 of Convertible Promissory Notes and warrants to purchase 33,930
of common stock into which the notes are convertible. Each Warrant is exercisable at a price equal to 80 of our initial public offering
price. The Company made the offering pursuant to the exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and
Rule 506 of Regulation D, promulgated under the Securities Act, where each purchaser was an accredited investor within
the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D. 

Between January and April 2022, we sold approximately 335,000 of Convertible
Promissory Notes (the Notes ). The Lender shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time to convert all, or any
portion, of the outstanding principal balance of the Notes into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to either (i) 3.00
per share, or (ii) the price at which shares of Common Stock are first sold to the public in a Qualified Public Offering. We shall issue
20,000 shares of common stock of the Company for each 100,000 invested by an Investor, provided, however, that if an Investor invests
a sum of funds which does not round to 100,000, the Company shall issue to such Investor Shares on a pro rata basis, based on an issuance
of 20,000 Shares for each 100,000 invested. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is not listed or quoted on any market or exchange. We intend to have our common stock listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market,
 although there can be no assurance that our common stock will be listed. 

Holders 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 417 holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have not declared nor paid any cash dividend on our common stock, and we currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance
the expansion of our business, and we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The decision whether to pay
cash dividends on our common stock will be made by our board of directors, in their discretion, and will depend on our financial condition,
results of operations, capital requirements and other factors that our board of directors considers significant. 

19 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

2016
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
June 20, 2016, we adopted our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan allowing the issuance of 1,000,000 shares. On
July 13, 2021, our Board of Directors increased the number of common shares authorized to be issued under the 2016 Plan to 7,000,000
shares. The 2016 Plan is for officers, employees, non-employee members of the Board of Directors, and consultants of the Company. The
2016 Plan authorizes the granting of not more than 7,000,000 restricted shares, stock appreciation rights SAR s ),
and incentive and non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. The 2016 Plan provided that stock
options or SAR s granted can be exercisable immediately as of the effective date of the applicable agreement, or in accordance
with a schedule or performance criteria as may be set in the applicable agreement. The exercise price for non-qualified stock options
or SAR s would be the amount specified in the agreement, but shall not be less than the fair value of the Company s common
stock at the date of the grant. The maximum term of options and SARs granted under the 2016 Plan is ten years. As of December 31, 2020,
no restricted shares, SAR s, and incentive and non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock
options had been issued. The 2016 Plan has expired. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we granted a total of 33,930 stock options to an employee related to their employment agreement. 

2022
Stock Incentive Plan 

On
May 17, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved our 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ). Pursuant to
the terms of the 2022 Plan, the maximum number of shares of common stock available for the grant of awards under the 2022 Plan shall
not exceed 15,000,000. The Plan is for officers, employees, non-employee members of the Board of Directors, and consultants of the Company.
The Plan provides for the grant of options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, SAR s, performance awards, other stock-based
awards and dividend equivalents, or any combination of the foregoing. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we granted a total of 471,627 stock options to our executive officers related to their employment agreements,
as discussed below. 

The
following table provides information about the common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under
all of the Company s existing equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan 
 Number of Securities to be issued upon exercise of vested Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities remaining available for issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 I 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans (1) 

Approved by Security Holders 2019 Plan 
 3,467,646 
 3.10 
 14,358,723 

(1)
 The only equity compensation plan approved by security holders is our 2022 Stock Incentive Plan. There are 15 million authorized
 shares under the 2022 Stock Incentive Plan. 

Penny
Stock Regulations 

The
SEC has adopted regulations that generally define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less
than 5.00 per share. Our common stock, when and if a trading market develops, may fall within the definition of penny stock and be subject
to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established
customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of 1.00 million, or annual incomes exceeding 200,000 individually,
or 300,000, together with their spouse). 

20 

For
transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities
and have received the purchaser s prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other than exempt
transactions, involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated
by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer
and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker, the broker-dealer
must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently,
the penny stock rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our Common Stock and may affect the ability of
investors to sell their Common Stock in the secondary market. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As
a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information
called for by this Item. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements,
the related notes, and the other financial information included elsewhere in this prospectus. This discussion contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual business, financial condition and results of operations could differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere
in this prospectus, particularly under Risk Factors. See also Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. 

Business
Overview 

Opti-Harvest
is an agricultural innovation company with products backed by a portfolio of patented and patent pending technologies focused on solving
several critical challenges faced by agribusinesses: maximizing crop yield, accelerating crop growth, optimizing land and water resources,
reducing labor costs and mitigating negative environmental impacts. 

Our
advanced agriculture technology (Opti-Filter and precision farming (Opti-View platforms, enable commercial growers and
home gardeners to harness, optimize and better utilize sunlight, the planet s most fundamental and renewable natural resource. 

Our
sustainable agricultural technology platform is powered by the sun. It maximizes a free and renewable resource with no need for additional
chemicals or fertilizers. 

From
inception in 2016 through the present date, we have made substantial investments in building our intellectual property portfolio, developing,
and optimizing our product designs, and conducting over 65 multi-year field trials to test and measure the effectiveness of our products.
Based on our field trials and the positive feedback from our partners, we began commercializing our Opti-Gro and ChromaGro products in
the first half of 2021, our Opti-Shield and Opti-Panel products late in the first half of 2022, and we plan to commercialize our Opti-Skylight
products in the first half of 2023. Our Opti-View product is currently in our research and development phase with an anticipated commercial
offering in the second half of 2023. We remain focused on developing new products and enhancing existing products. 

21 

With
the recent commercialization of several of our products, we are making significant investments in sales and marketing, tooling to manufacture
our products, and infrastructure investments to meet planned customer demand. We will also incur additional expenses generally associated
with being a publicly traded company, including the cost of regulatory compliance, director fees, insurances, investor relations, upgraded
systems, and enhanced internal controls. 

Recent
Trends - Market Conditions 

During
the period ended December 31, 2022, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to impact our operating results and the Company anticipates a residual
effect for the balance of the year. In addition, the pandemic could cause reduced demand for our products if, for example, the pandemic
results in a recessionary economic environment which negatively effects the consumers who purchase our products. Based on the recent
increase in demand for our products, we believe that over the long term, there will continue to be strong demand for our products. 

Although
the U.S. economy continued to grow during the first half of 2022, the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, higher inflation, the
actions by the Federal Reserve to address inflation, and rising energy prices create uncertainty about the future economic environment
which will continue to evolve and may impact our business in future periods. We have experienced supply chain challenges, including increased
lead times, as well as inflation of raw materials, logistics and labor costs due to availability constraints and high demand. Although
we regularly monitor companies in our supply chain, and use alternative suppliers when necessary and available, supply chain constraints
could cause a disruption in our ability to obtain raw materials required to manufacture our products and adversely affect our operations.
We expect the inflationary trends and supply chain pressures to continue throughout the remainder of 2023. 

Through
December 31, 2022, the Company experienced elevated freight costs as a result of a higher transportation market as the capacity in the
freight market has not kept up with demand. The Company believes these challenges will continue throughout the year. In addition, the
Company experienced increases in the pricing of its raw materials and delays in procuring raw materials. The disruption caused by labor
shortages, significant raw material cost inflation, logistics issues and increased freight costs, and ongoing port congestion, resulted
in suppressed margins. The Company anticipates a continued impact throughout 2023. 

Our
ability to operate without significant incremental negative operational impact from the COVID-19 pandemic will in part depend on our
ability to protect our employees and protect our supply chain. The Company has endeavored to follow the recommended actions of government
and health authorities to protect our employees. Since the inception of the COVID-19 pandemic and through December 31, 2022, we maintained
the consistency of our operations during the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. We will continue to innovate in managing our business, coordinating
with our employees and suppliers to do our part in the infection prevention and remain flexible in responding to our customers and suppliers.
However, the uncertainty resulting from the pandemic could result in an unforeseen disruption to our workforce and supply chain (for
example an inability of a key supplier or transportation supplier to source and transport materials) that could negatively impact our
operations. 

We
have not observed any material impairments of our assets or a significant change in the fair value of our assets due to the COVID-19
pandemic. 

22 

Results
of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Our
sales, operating expenses, and net loss from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31,
2021 were as follows (amounts are rounded to nearest thousands): 

For the Year Ended 
 
 Percentage 

December 31, 
 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Inc. (Dec.) 

Revenues 
 53,000 
 40,000 
 13,000 
 33 

Cost of revenues 
 515,000 
 102,000 
 413,000 
 405 
 
 Gross loss 
 (462,000 
 (62,000 
 (400,000 
 645 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 8,060,000 
 6,591,000 
 1,469,000 
 22 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 2,072,000 
 2,621,000 
 (549,000 
 -21 
 
 Impairment of rental equipment 
 98,000 
 - 
 98,000 
 100 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 10,230,000 
 9,212,000 
 1,018,000 
 11 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (10,692,000 
 (9,274,000 
 (1,418,000 
 15 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of SBA PPP loan 
 - 
 38,000 
 38,000 
 -100 
 
 Financing costs 
 (2,497,000 
 - 
 (2,497,000 
 100 
 
 Interest expense 
 (2,761,000 
 (817,000 
 (1,944,000 
 238 
 
 Net loss 
 (15,950,000 
 (10,053,000 
 (5,897,000 
 59 

Revenues 

Our
revenues were 53,000 and 40,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Beginning in second half of 2022, we
began offering our customers the option to rent our products for a monthly fee per unit, generating 26,000, or 49 of our revenues during
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues represent the cost to manufacture our products sold, depreciation expense related to our rental equipment sales, and changes
in our inventory reserves. Cost of revenues was 515,000 and 102,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses include selling, general and administrative expenses, research and development costs, and impairment of rental equipment costs. 

Our
selling, general and administrative expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2022, as we continued transitioning our sole
focus on research and development activities to include the commercializing of our products in 2022. We hired employees and retained
consultants and advisors to provide sales and marketing expertise and invested in the required infrastructure to meet anticipated product
demand. To that end, our selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately 1.5 million to 8.1 million during the year
ended December 31, 2022, compared to 6.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The net increase of approximately 1.5 million
in our selling, general and administrative expenses was from increased stock based compensation expense of approximately 1.1 million,
increased salaries and benefit expense of 428,000, increased depreciation expense of 202,000, offset by decreased consulting and professional
fees of 193,000, and decreased advertising expense 297,000. The remaining increase in selling, general and administrative expenses
of approximately 188,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, was across our remaining expense accounts to support our operations. 

Research
and development costs include advisors, consultants, software licensing, product design and development, data monitoring and collection,
field trial installations, and travel related expenses. Research and development expenses decreased approximately 549,000 to 2.1 million
during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in research and
development costs were primarily due to decreased field trial and product development costs, as compared to the prior year period. 

Impairment
of rental equipment cost was 98,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022. No similar costs were recorded in the prior year period. 

23 

Loss
from Operations 

Loss
from operations increased to approximately 10.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 9.3 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The increase in loss from operations was due to our increase in revenue offset by increased cost of revenue,
increased stock based compensation costs, and increased operating expenses as discussed above. 

Gain
on Forgiveness of Debt 

Gain
on forgiveness of debt was 38,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a 38,000 gain on extinguishment of debt related
to our SBA PPP loan. We had no similar expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Financing
Costs 

Financing
costs was approximately 2.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, representing the fair value of common shares issued to
extend the call date provision and the maturity date of our senior secured convertible notes. We had no similar expense during the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense increased 1.9 million to 2.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 817,000 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase in interest expense was a 1.6 million increased debt discount amortization compared to the prior year period,
and an increase in interest expense of 322,000 due to an increase in debt balances as compared to the prior year period. 

Net
Loss 

Net
loss increased 5.9 million to 16.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 10.1 million for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase in net loss was due to our increase in revenues, offset by increased cost of revenue, increased stock based compensation
costs, increased operating expenses, and increased financing costs and interest expense, as discussed above. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Since
inception, our principal sources of liquidity have been cash provided by financing, including through the private placement of equity
securities, and loans. Our principal uses of cash have been primarily for labor and outside services, development of new products and
improvement of existing products, expansion of marketing efforts to promote our products and brand, and capital expenditures. We anticipate
that additional expenditures will be necessary to develop and expand our assets before sufficient and consistent positive operating cash
flows will be achieved, including sufficient cash flows to service existing liabilities and related interest. 

With
the recent commercialization of our products, we are making significant investments in sales and marketing, tooling to manufacture our
products, and infrastructure investments to meet planned customer demand. We will also incur additional expenses generally associated
with being a publicly traded company, including the cost of financial statement audits and reviews, compliance, director fees, insurance
policies, investor relations, upgraded systems, and enhanced internal controls. 

We
believe, based on our current operating plan, that our current capital resources, along with the net proceeds from our initial
public offering, if such offering is consummated, will be sufficient for us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure
requirements for at least the next twelve months. However, our expected use of the net proceeds from our initial public offering
described above represents our intentions based upon our current plans and business conditions. We cannot predict with certainty all
of the particular uses for the net proceeds to be received upon the completion of our current public offering under Form S-1 or the
amounts that we will actually spend on the uses set forth above. The amounts and timing of our actual expenditures will depend on
numerous factors, including the time and cost necessary to conduct our planned commercialization activities, the results of our
planned field trials and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors in this prospectus, as well as the
amount of cash used in our operations and any unforeseen cash needs. 

24 

As
further presented in our financial statements and related notes included in this prospectus, during the year ended December 31, 2022,
we incurred a net loss of 16.0 million, used cash in operations of 4.5 million, and at December 31, 2022, had a stockholders 
deficit of approximately 4.5 million, and a negative working capital of approximately 5.6 million. In addition, during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2021, we incurred a net loss of 10.1 million, and used cash in operations of 5.3 million, and at December 31, 2021,
we had a stockholders equity of approximately 1.2 million, and a negative working capital of 439,000. These factors raised substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, as noted by our independent registered public accounting firm in its report on
our December 31, 2022 financial statements. We believe, based on our current operating plan, that our current capital resources will
be sufficient for us to fund our operating expenses through June 30, 2023. Additional funds may be needed in order to continue production
and operations, maintain profitability and to achieve our objectives. 

Our
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise additional capital and to maintain revenues and generate
profit from operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we raised approximately 1.6 million from the exercise of warrants,
and we received proceeds of 1.6 million from a private placement transaction. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, we received
proceeds of 5.2 million from a private placement transaction and 3.0 million from the issuance of convertible debt. At December 31,
2022, we had cash on hand of approximately 172,000, and may not be able to generate sufficient funds from our future operations to meet
our cash flow requirements. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had a negative working capital of approximately 5.6 million compared to a negative working capital deficit of
 439,000 at December 31, 2021. The decrease in working capital was primarily to fund our net loss during the year ended December 31,
2022. 

Loan
Payable 

On
November 20, 2020, the Company financed the purchase of a vehicle for 40,000. The loan term is for 59 months, annual interest rate of
4.49 , with monthly principal and interest payments of 745, and secured by the purchased vehicle. The loan balance was 24,000 at December
31, 2022. 

On
January 20, 2022, the Company financed the purchase of a second vehicle for 49,000. The loan term is for 71 months, annual interest rate
of 15.54 , with monthly principal and interest payments of 1,066, and secured by the purchased vehicle. The loan balance was 45,000
at December 31, 2022. 

On
February 21, 2023, the Company sold 225,000 of Unsecured Promissory Note (the Note to Donald Danks, a former member of
the Company s Board of Directors. The Company received net proceeds of 180,000 after deducting an original issue discount of 20 ,
or 45,000, which was recorded as a debt discount. The note bears no interest and matures of March 21, 2023. If a Qualified Public Offering
does not occur before the Initial Maturity Date, the outstanding principal amount of this Note, together with all accrued but unpaid
interest thereon, shall be paid from funds from any offer and sale of Lender of equity or debt securities whereby Lender obtains gross
cash proceeds in an amount not less than Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 500,000). If a Qualified Public Offering does not occur before
the Initial Maturity Date, this Note will accrue interest at a rate of twelve percent (12 per annum. The Company may prepay the Note,
or any portion outstanding, at any time and from time to time prior to Maturity Date without notice and without the payment of any premium,
fee, or penalty. 

Senior
Convertible Notes Payable and Warrants 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold approximately 3,591,000 of Senior Convertible Promissory Notes (the Notes and 2,437,012 warrants (the Warrants ). The Company received net proceeds of 3,034,000 after deducting an original issue
discount of 15 , or 539,000, and legal fees of 18,000, which was recorded as a debt discount. Each Warrant is exercisable at a price
(the Exercise Price equal to 115 of its initial public offering price, currently estimated to be 4.00 per share. The
Company determined the fair value of the Warrants to be approximately 13.6 million of which the relative fair value of 2.5 million
was allocated and recorded as a component of debt discount. The Company made principal payments of 100,000 during 2022, leaving a balance
on the Notes at December 31, 2022 of 3,491,000. 

25 

The
holder of the Warrants shall have the right to purchase up to the number of shares that equals the quotient obtained by dividing: (i)
the Warrant Coverage Amount, by (ii) the Conversion Price. The Warrant Coverage Amount shall mean the amount obtained by
multiplying: (A) one hundred percent (100 ); by (B) aggregate principal amount of the Holder s Note(s). The conversion price in
effect on any Conversion Date shall be equal to 80 of the offering price per share of common stock in our initial public offering. 

Each
Note is convertible, in the sole discretion of the holder of the Note, into shares of our common stock at a purchase price equal to 80 
of the offering price of the initial public offering price currently estimated to be 4.00 per share. In the event that the initial public
offering is not consummated within 12 months of the date of this Note, then the Conversion Price shall be equal to 65 of the offering
price per share of common stock in the initial public offering. In the event that the initial public offering is not consummated within
24 months of the date of this Note, then the Conversion Price shall be equal to 50 of the offering price per share of common stock in
the initial public offering. Each Note, issued at an original issue discount of 15 , carries interest at a rate of 12 per annum, and
any interest payable under the Note shall automatically accrue and be capitalized to the principal amount of the Note, and shall thereafter
be deemed to be a part of the principal amount of the Note, unless such interest is paid in cash on or prior to the maturity date of
the Note. 

The
Notes mature 12 months from the date of the Notes, provided, however, that noteholders have the right to call the Notes prior to maturity
starting from the earlier of (i) the consummation of the first underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale by the Company of not less than 10 million of its equity securities,
as a result of or following which common stock shall be listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market, and (ii) December 15, 2021. Additionally,
each Warrant contains a cashless exercise provision, which is effective if the shares underlying the Warrant are not covered by a registration
statement 6 months from the date of issuance of the Warrant. On May 16, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to extend the right
to call provision in its senior secured convertible notes from December 15, 2021 to September 15, 2022, in exchange for issuing its senior
convertible note holders an aggregate of 138,098 shares of common stock with a fair value of approximately 609,000 at the date of grant,
or 4.42 per common share. On September 30, 2022, the Company entered into a second amendment to extend the right to call provision in
its senior secured convertible notes from September 15, 2022 to December 31, 2022, in exchange for issuing its senior convertible note
holders an aggregate of 213,473 shares of common stock with a fair value of approximately 944,000 at the date of grant, or 4.42 per
common share. On December 20, 2022, the Company entered into a third amendment to extend the right to call provision and the maturity
date in its senior secured convertible notes from December 31, 2022 to June 30, 2023, in exchange for issuing its senior convertible
note holders an aggregate of 213,473 shares of common stock with a fair value of approximately 944,000 at the date of grant, or 4.42
per common share. 

The
aggregate amount of approximately 2.5 million was recorded as a financing cost, a component of other expense, in the accompanying statements
of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
shares of common stock underlying the Notes and the Warrants are subject to registration rights, and such shares must be registered within
90 days after the effectiveness of the Company s initial public offering. If the Company fails to register the shares within 90
days, the Company agreed to pay a penalty of a cash payment equal to 0.02857 of the principal amount and interest due and owing under
any Note held by the Holder or that number shares of common stock of the Company equal 1 of the shares of common stock underlying any
Note and Warrant held by the Holder, in total amount per week paid in, whichever is greater. 

Each
Note and Warrant holder has (i) the right of first refusal to purchase up to 20 of its pro rata share of new securities the that company
offers, which right expires upon the consummation of an underwritten initial public offering by the Company or a change in control of
the Company, and (ii) the right to be repaid any and all principal and interest due by the Company from any and all proceeds resulting
from any sale of assets and any sale and issuance of debt or equity securities. 

Convertible
Promissory Notes and Warrants 

In
January 2023 and February 2023, the Company sold approximately 200,000 of Convertible Promissory Notes (the Promissory Note and 33,930 warrants. In the event the Company consummates a Qualified Public Offering, each holder of the Promissory Note shall have
the right, but not the obligation, at any time prior to the Maturity Date or earlier repayment of this Promissory Note, to convert all,
or any portion, of the outstanding principal balance of this Promissory Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal
to 80 of the price at which shares of Common Stock are first sold to the public in a Qualified Public Offering. Upon conversion, the
Company will pay all accrued but unpaid interest on this Promissory Note in cash. Each Warrant is exercisable at a price equal to 80 
of the price at which shares of Common Stock are first sold to the public in a Qualified Public Offering and expire on December 31, 2023. 

26 

The
Promissory Note accrues interest at a rate of ten percent (10 per annum, compounded annually, computed on the basis of actual number
of days elapsed over a year of 365 days, until maturity or conversion. The outstanding principal amount of this Promissory Note, together
with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, shall be due and payable on the maturity date. Accrued but unpaid interest on the outstanding
principal balance hereof shall be due and payable on the last day of each third calendar month during the term of this Promissory Note,
commencing on date the Promissory Note was issued. 

The
Promissory Note shall be due and payable on the date that is 12 months from the date of the Promissory Note (the Initial Maturity
Date provided, however, that the Company may, at its option, extend such maturity date an additional six (6) months (such option,
the Extension Option and such extended maturity date, (the Extended Maturity Date ). The date on which this
Promissory Note matures, whether the Initial Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, is the Maturity Date. The Company
may exercise its Extension Option by providing 14 days notice to Lender of its intent to extend the Maturity Date an additional
six months. 

The
principal amount of this Promissory Note shall be subject to increase as follows: 

(a)
If a Qualified Public Offering does not occur before the Initial Maturity Date, the outstanding principal balance of this Promissory
Note shall be increased by an amount equal to 10 of the outstanding principal balance of this Promissory Note on the Initial Maturity
Date (the Premium ). 

(b)
If the Company exercises its Extension Option and a Qualified Public Offering does not occur before the Extended Maturity Date, the outstanding
principal balance due and payable to the Lender shall be increased by the Premium plus an additional 2.5 of the outstanding principal
balance of the Promissory Note as of the Extended Maturity Date. 

(c)
As used in the Promissory Note, Qualified Public Offering means the issuance and sale of shares of comment stock, par value
 0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock to investors in an underwritten public offering or a direct listing
by the Company of its Common Stock, in either case pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. 

The
Company may prepay the Promissory Note, or any portion outstanding, at any time and from time to time prior to Maturity Date without
notice and without the payment of any premium, fee, or penalty; provided, however, that if, at the time of such prepayment, a Qualified
Public Offering has not occurred, the outstanding principal balance on the date of prepayment shall be increased by a portion of the
Premium, adjusted to reflect the number of days elapsed between the date of the Promissory Note and the prepayment date. 

Convertible
Promissory Notes and Common Shares 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, we sold approximately 335,000 of Convertible Promissory Notes (the Notes ). These Notes will accrue interest
at a rate of twelve percent (12 per annum, compounded annually, until maturity or conversion hereof. The interest payable hereunder
shall automatically accrue and be capitalized to the principal amount of this Note PIK Interest ), and shall thereafter
be deemed to be a part of the principal amount of this Note, unless such interest is paid in cash on or prior to the maturity date of
the Notes. The Notes shall be due and payable on the date that is six (6) months from the date of the Notes (the Initial Maturity
Date provided, however, that the Company and Lender may, upon mutual written agreement, extend such maturity date an additional
six (6) months (such extended maturity date, (the Extended Maturity Date ). The Lender shall have the right, but not
the obligation, at any time to convert all, or any portion, of the outstanding principal balance of the Notes into shares of Common Stock
at a conversion price equal to either (i) 3.00 per share, or (ii) the price at which shares of Common Stock are first sold to the public
in a Qualified Public Offering. The Company shall issue 20,000 shares of common stock of the Company for each 100,000 invested by an
Investor, provided, however, that if an Investor invests a sum of funds which does not round to 100,000, the Company shall issue to
such Investor Shares on a pro rata basis, based on an issuance of 20,000 Shares for each 100,000 invested. If the company enters into
a subsequent financing with another individual or entity (a Third Party on terms that are more favorable to the Third
Party, the agreements between the company and the Investors shall be amended to include such better terms so long as the Notes are outstanding. 

27 

Lease
Obligations 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 190 N. Canon Dr., Beverly Hills, California 90210. We sublease this location on a month-to-month
agreement and our rent expense is 2,500 per month. 

Earnout
and Royalty Obligations 

On
April 7, 2017, we and DisperSolar LLC (the Seller ), a California limited liability company, entered into a Patent Purchase
Agreement (the Agreement pursuant to which we acquired certain patents (intellectual property) of the Seller (see Note
7 of the accompanying financial statements). The Seller developed the patents for harvesting, transmission, spectral modification and
delivery of sunlight to shaded areas of plants. 

Under
the Agreement, the Company agreed to pay the following for the acquisition of Seller s intellectual property: 

(i) 
 Initial
 Payment: 150,000 deposited into the Seller Account within 10 days of the Effective Date (the Initial Payment ). 

(ii) 
 Initial
 Milestone Payments: Additional payments in the aggregate combined amount up to 350,000 upon reaching defined milestones (the Milestone
 Payments ), of which 50,000 was paid in 2017, 200,000 in 2018, and 100,000 in 2021. 

(iii) 
 Earnout
 Payments: 800,000 paid on the on-going basis at a rate of 50 of gross margin and/or License Revenue from the date of the first
 commercial sale of a Covered Product or the first receipt by Purchaser of License Revenue, until the aggregate combined Gross Margin
 and License Revenue reach 1,600,000. 

On
December 6, 2018, we and Seller amended the Agreement by increasing the Milestone Payments from 350,000 to 450,000. The 100,000 increase
in Milestone Payments was paid in 2019. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had an 800,000 earnout obligation payable on the on-going basis at a rate of 50 of gross margin and/or license
revenue from the date of the first commercial sale of a covered product or the first receipt by purchaser of license revenue, until the
aggregate combined gross margin and license revenue reach 1.6 million. 

We
will pay to Seller royalties as follows: 

(i) 
 Following
 the recognition by us of the first 1.6 million in aggregate combined gross margin and license revenue, and until we pay to Seller
 an aggregate amount in royalties of 30 million, we shall pay to Seller royalties on sales of covered products at a rate of 8 of
 gross margin. 

(ii) 
 Once
 we paid to Seller an aggregate amount in royalties of 30 million, we shall pay to Seller royalties on sales of covered products
 at a rate of 4.75 of gross margin until the earlier of (x) such time as covered products are not covered by any claims of any assigned
 patent, and (y) the date of the consummation of a strategic transaction. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and as of the date of this prospectus, the Company recorded no earnout or royalty payment
obligations as no gross margin was realized. 

We
will pay to Seller 7.6 of all License Consideration received by us until the date of the consummation of a Strategic Transaction. Strategic
Transaction means a transaction or a series of related transactions that results in an acquisition of the Company by a third party,
including by way of merger, purchase of capital stock or purchase of assets or change of control or otherwise. 

28 

Strategic
Transaction Consideration. Strategic Transaction Consideration means any cash consideration and the fair market value of
any non-cash consideration paid to we by any acquirer as consideration for the Strategic Transaction, less the costs and expenses incurred
by Purchaser for the purpose of consummating the Strategic Transaction. The Company will pay to Seller a percentage of all License Consideration
received by Purchaser as follows: 

(i) 
 3.8 
 of the first 50 million of the Strategic Transaction Consideration; 

(ii) 
 5.7 
 of the next 100 million of the Strategic Transaction Consideration (i.e. over 50 million and up to 150 million); 

(iii) 
 7.6 
 of Strategic Transaction Consideration over 150 million. 

Both
our Chief Science Officer, Yosepha Shahak Ravid, and our Chief Technology Officer, Nicholas Booth, we employed by us on July 1, 2021,
and are control persons of DisperSolar and named inventors of the acquired patents we acquired from DisperSolar under our Patent Purchase
Agreement with DisperSolar. 

On
July 5, 2019, we and Nicholas Booth Mr. Booth entered into a royalty agreement. 

The
Company will pay Mr. Booth a percentage of all license consideration received by us as follows: 

(0)
Once we paid to DisperSolar an aggregate amount in royalties of 30 million under the Agreement, we will pay to Mr. Booth a percentage
of all royalties on sales of covered products at a rate of 0.25 of gross margin until the earlier of (x) such time as covered products
are not covered by any claims of any assigned patent, and (y) the date of the consummation of a strategic transaction. 

(b)
Opti-Harvest will pay to Mr. Booth a percentage of all license consideration received by purchaser on the same terms as payable by us
to DisperSolar under the Agreement, except that the percentages of license consideration due to Mr. Booth shall be as follows: 

(a) 
 0.4 
 of all license consideration received by us until the date of consummation of a strategic transaction; 

(b) 
 0.2 
 of the first 50 million of the strategic transaction consideration; 

(c) 
 0.3 
 of the next 100 million of the strategic transaction consideration (i.e. over 50 million and up to 150 million); and 

(d) 
 0.4 
 of strategic transaction consideration over 150 million. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded no earnout or royalty payment obligations as no gross margin was realized. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

This
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section is based upon our financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S.
GAAP ). The preparation of our financial statements requires that we make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, net sales and expenses and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including, but
not limited to, those related to inventories, income taxes, accounts receivable allowance, fair value derivatives, and reserve for warranty
claims. We base our estimates on historical experience, performance metrics and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results will differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
We apply the following critical accounting policies in the preparation of our financial statements: 

29 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. Those estimates and assumptions include impairment testing of recorded long-term tangible and intangible assets,
the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, accruals for potential liabilities, assumptions made in valuing stock instruments issued
for services, and assumptions used in the determination of our liquidity. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue in accordance with two different Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC standards: 1) Topic 606 and 2) Topic 842. 

We
recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC
606 ). The underlying principle of ASC 606 is to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at
the amount expected to be collected. ASC 606 creates a five-step model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the
terms of contract(s), which include (1) identifying the contract or agreement with a customer, (2) identifying our performance obligations
in the contract or agreement, (3) determining the transaction price, (4) allocating the transaction price to the separate performance
obligations, and (5) recognizing revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied. 

We
do not have any significant contracts with customers requiring performance beyond delivery, and contracts with customers contain no incentives
or discounts that could cause revenue to be allocated or adjusted over time. Shipping and handling activities are performed before the
customer obtains control of the goods and therefore represent a fulfillment activity rather than a promised service to the customer.
Revenue and costs of sales are recognized when control of the products transfers to our customer, which generally occurs upon shipment
from our facilities. The Company s performance obligations are satisfied at that time. 

All
of our products are offered for sale as finished goods only, and there are no performance obligations required post-shipment for customers
to derive the expected value from them. 

We
do not allow for returns, except for damaged products when the damage occurred pre-fulfillment. Damaged product returns have historically
been insignificant. Because of this, the stand-alone nature of our products, and our assessment of performance obligations and transaction
pricing for our sales contracts, we do not currently maintain a contract asset or liability balance for obligations. We assess our contracts
and the reasonableness of our conclusions on a quarterly basis. 

Under
Topic 842, Leases, we account for owned equipment rental contracts as operating leases. We recognize revenue from equipment rentals in
the period earned, regardless of the timing of billing to customers. A rental contract generally includes rates for monthly use, and
rental revenues are earned on a daily basis as rental contracts remain outstanding. Because the rental contracts can extend across multiple
reporting periods, we record unbilled rental revenues and deferred rental revenues at the end of reporting periods so rental revenues
earned is appropriately stated for the periods presented. The lease terms are included in our contracts, and the determination of whether
our contracts contain leases generally does not require significant assumptions or judgments. In some cases, a rental contract may contain
a rental purchase option, whereby the customer has an option to purchase the rented equipment at the end of the term for a specified
price. Revenues related to the rental contract will be accounted for as an operating lease as the option to purchase is not reasonably
certain to be exercised. Lessees do not provide residual value guarantees on rented equipment. 

30 

Rental
Equipment 

The
rental equipment we purchase is stated at cost and is depreciated over the estimated useful life of the equipment using the straight-line
method and is included in rental depreciation within the consolidated statements of operations. Estimated useful lives vary based upon
type of equipment. Generally, we depreciate our products over a three-year estimated useful life. We periodically evaluate the appropriateness
of remaining depreciable lives and any salvage value assigned to rental equipment. 

Stock
Compensation Expense 

We
periodically issue stock options to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing costs.
We account for such grants issued and vesting based on ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation whereby the value of the award
is measured on the date of grant and recognized for employees as compensation expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period.
We recognize the fair value of stock-based compensation within our Statements of Operations with classification depending on the nature
of the services rendered. 

The
fair value of each option or warrant grant is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. As of December 31, 2022 and prior,
we were a private company and lacked company-specific historical and implied volatility information. Therefore, we estimate our expected
stock volatility based on the historical volatility of a publicly traded set of peer companies within the agriculture technology industry
with characteristics similar to us. The expected term of the stock options has been determined utilizing the simplified 
method for awards that qualify as plain-vanilla options. The expected term of stock options granted to non-employees is
equal to the contractual term of the option award. The risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield
curve in effect at the time of grant of the award for time periods approximately equal to the expected term of the award. Expected dividend
yield is zero, based on the fact that we have never paid cash dividends and do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. 

We
estimated the fair value of common stock using an appropriate valuation methodology, in accordance with the framework of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants Technical Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held Company Equity Securities Issued
as Compensation. Each valuation methodology includes estimates and assumptions that require our judgment. These estimates and assumptions
include a number of objective and subjective factors, including external market conditions, guideline public company information, the
prices at which we sold common stock to third parties in arms length transactions, the rights and preferences of securities senior
to our common stock at the time, and the likelihood of achieving a liquidity event such as an initial public offering or sale. Significant
changes to the assumptions used in the valuations could result in different fair values of stock options at each valuation date, as applicable. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

See
discussion of recent accounting pronouncements in Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement
of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, during the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an operating loss of 10.7 million, used cash in operations of 4.5 million, and had a
stockholders deficit of 4.5 million at December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern within one year after the date of the financial statements being issued. 

The
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise additional funds and implement our business plan. As a
result, management has concluded that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our independent registered
public accounting firm, in its report on the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022,
has also expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 

31 

At
December 31, 2022, we had cash on hand in the amount of 172,000. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we received proceeds of 715,000 on the
sale of promissory notes and proceeds of 114,000 on the exercise of warrants (see Note 12 of the accompanying financial statements).
The Company believes it has enough cash to sustain operations through June 30, 2023. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent
upon its ability to obtain necessary debt or equity financing to continue operations until it begins generating positive cash flow. No
assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to
us. Even if we are able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing
or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in the case or equity financing. 

The
following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (amounts are rounded to nearest thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 (4,464,000 
 (5,303,000 
 
 Investing activities 
 (278,000 
 (1,371,000 
 
 Financing activities 
 3,199,000 
 7,986,000 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 (1,543,000 
 1,312,000 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 4.5 million, compared to net cash used in operating activities
for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 5.3 million. The decrease in net cash used in operations for the year ended December 31, 2022
was primarily to fund our increase in net loss, offset primarily by 2.3 million amortization of debt discount, 2.5 million of financing
costs, and 1.1 million of increased stock based compensation. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31,
2021 totaled 5.3 million, compared to net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2020 of 2.5 million. The
increase in net cash used in operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily to fund our net loss, offset by 713,000 amortization
of debt discount and 1.7 million of increased stock based. 

Net
cash used in investing activities was approximately 278,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.4 million net cash
used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, and was for the purchase of property and equipment and rental equipment. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 3.2 million, which included proceeds of
 1.6 million on the exercise of warrants, proceeds of approximately 1.6 million received in the private placement of common stock, changes
in our deferred offering costs of 134,000, offset by the repayment of convertible notes of 100,000, and repayments of 13,000 of a
loan payable. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 8.0 million, and included proceeds
of 5.2 million received in the private placement of common stock, proceeds of 3.0 million on our issuing convertible notes, offset
by deferred offering costs of 186,000, a 100,000 payment of our patent purchase obligation, and repayments of 7,000 of a loan payable. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any transactions, obligations or relationships that could be considered
off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item 7A. 

32 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial
 Statements of Opti-Harvest, Inc. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Opti-Harvest, Inc. (PCAOB Firm ID: 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficiency for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

33 

INDEPENDENT
AUDITOR S REPORT 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors 

 Opti-Harvest,
Inc. 

 Los
Angeles, California 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Opti-Harvest, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
related statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1, the Company experienced a net loss and utilized cash from operations during the year ended December 31, 2022 and has a shareholders 
deficit as of that date. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. These financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

/s/
 . 

April
17, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

F- 1 

OPTI-HARVEST,
INC. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

 (Amounts
rounded to nearest thousands, except share amounts) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Rental equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 
 - 
 
 Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 

Vendor deposits 
 - 

Deferred offering costs 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes payable, net of debt discount of and , respectively 

Current portion of loan payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Loan payable, less current portion 

Deferred revenue, less current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 

Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; share of Series A issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

OPTI-HARVEST,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Amounts
rounded to nearest thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Equipment rentals 
 
 - 
 
 Product sales 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Rental depreciation 
 
 - 
 
 Product sales 

Total cost of revenues 

Gross loss 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

Research and development expense 

Impairment of rental equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income and (expenses) 

Gain on forgiveness of SBA PPP loan 
 - 

Financing costs 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 

Total other income (expense) 

Net Loss 

Loss per share basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

OPTI-HARVEST,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Amount
rounded to nearest thousands, except share amount) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Additional Paid In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

- 

Fair value of vested options and warrants issued for services 

Fair value of warrants recorded as debt discount 
 - 

Fair value of common shares issued for services 

Common shares and warrants issued in private offerings 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 

Fair value of vested options and warrants issued for services 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of vested restricted stock units 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of common shares issued for services 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of common shares issued for financing costs 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common shares issued upon exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common shares issued in private offerings 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

OPTI-HARVEST,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Amounts
rounded to nearest thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation of property and equipment 

Depreciation of rental equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Change in inventory reserves 

Impairment of rental equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 

Financing costs 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value of common stock issued for services 

Fair value of vested options and warrants 

Fair value of vested restricted stock units 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of SBA PPP loan 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenues 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchase of rental equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Deposits on purchase of equipment 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from convertible notes payable 
 - 

Deferred offering costs 

Repayment of convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of loans payable 

Repayment of patent purchase obligation 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash beginning of period 

Cash end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Noncash financing and investing activities: 

Fair value of warrants recorded as a debt discount 
 - 

Reclassification of vendor deposits to property and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Reclassification of vendor deposits to inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of loan payable for vehicle purchase 

Issuance of non-cancellable payable for insurance policy 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

OPTI-HARVEST,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Amounts
rounded to nearest thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

shares for every one share of common stock. All shares and per share
amounts and information presented herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split for all periods presented. 

COVID-19
Considerations 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic did not have a material net impact on the Company s operating
results. In the future, the pandemic may cause reduced demand for the Company s products if, for example, the pandemic results
in a recessionary economic environment which negatively effects the consumers who purchase our products. The Company has not observed
any material impairments of its assets or a significant change in the fair value of its assets due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

The
Company s ability to operate without significant negative operational impact from the COVID-19 pandemic will in part depend on
its ability to protect its employees and its supply chain. The Company has endeavored to follow the recommended actions of government
and health authorities to protect its employees. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company maintained the consistency of
its operations. However, the uncertainty resulting from the pandemic could result in an unforeseen disruption to its workforce and supply
chain (for example an inability of a key supplier or transportation supplier to source and transport materials) that could negatively
impact the Company s operations. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement
of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, during the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net loss of million, used cash in operations of million, and had a stockholders 
deficit balance of million at December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern within one year after the date of the financial statements being issued. The ability of the Company to continue as
a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to raise additional funds and implement its business plan. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had cash on hand in the amount of . Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we received proceeds of 715,000 on the sale of promissory notes and proceeds of on the exercise of warrants (see Note 12). The Company believes it has enough
cash to sustain operations through June 30, 2023. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to
obtain necessary debt or equity financing to continue operations until it begins generating positive cash flow. No assurance can be given
that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. Even if
the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing
or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in case or equity financing. 

. 

. 

- 
 
 Vehicle 

Office equipment 

Management
assesses the carrying value of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may
not be recoverable. If there is indication of impairment, management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from
the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment
loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company determined
there were no indicators of impairment of its property and equipment. 

The
Company recently began offering rental contracts as an option to its customers under operating leases. The material terms of , with There are no minimum purchase commitments, and some rental contracts contain an option
to purchase the rented equipment at the end of the term for a specified price. The Company currently requires its customers to pay in
advance for the full rental period within the first ninety days of the rental contract period. 

- 
 
 2024 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 - 

of its accounts
receivable. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had accounts receivable from one customer which comprised of its accounts receivable.
No other customers exceeded 10 of accounts receivable in either period. We manage credit risk through credit approvals, credit limits
and other monitoring procedures. 

Pursuant
to Topic 842 and Topic 326 for rental and non-rental receivables, respectively, we maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts that reflects
our estimate of our expected credit losses. Our allowance is estimated using a loss rate model based on delinquency. The estimated loss
rate is based on our historical experience with specific customers, our understanding of our current economic circumstances, reasonable
and supportable forecasts, and our own judgment as to the likelihood of ultimate payment based upon available data. At December 31, 2022,
the Company had no exposure to doubtful accounts is in our rental operations, which as discussed above is accounted for under Topic 842
and represents of our total revenues and of our receivables. The Company determined that no allowance for doubtful accounts was
required as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. We perform credit evaluations of customers and establish credit limits based
on reviews of our customers current credit information and payment histories. We believe our credit risk is somewhat mitigated
by the credit worthiness of our current customer base and our credit evaluation procedures. The actual rate of future credit losses,
however, may not be similar to past experience. Our estimate of doubtful accounts could change based on changing circumstances, including
changes in the economy or in the particular circumstances of individual customers. Accordingly, we may be required to increase or decrease
our allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company has recorded bad debt expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company does not have material contract assets, impairment losses associated therewith, or material contract liabilities associated with
contracts with customers. Our contracts with customers do not generally result in material amounts billed to customers more than recognizable
revenue. We did not recognize material revenues during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 that was included in our deferred revenue
balance as of the beginning of such periods. 

Options 

Senior convertible notes 

Restricted stock units 
 
 - 
 
 Series A Preferred 

Total 

Anti-dilutive securities 

The
Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes using a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The
first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more
likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any.
The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement.
The Company classifies the liability for unrecognized tax benefits as current to the extent that the Company anticipates payment (or
receipt) of cash within one year. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in the provision for income
taxes. 

million and million, respectively. 

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants,
and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s
present or future financial statements. 

. 

Net
Sales. The Company performs a regular review of customer activity and associated credit risks and does not require collateral or
other arrangements. Two customers accounted for and of the Company s sales during the year ended December 31, 2022. One
customer accounted for of the Company s sales during the year ended December 31, 2021. No other customers accounted for sales
in excess of 10 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Accounts
receivable. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accounts receivable from one customer which comprised of its accounts receivable.
As of December 31, 2021, the Company had accounts receivable from one customer which comprised of its accounts receivable. No other
customers exceeded 10 of accounts receivable in either period. 

Accounts
payable. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s had two vendors which comprised and of total accounts payable. As of
December 31, 2021, the Company s had two vendors which comprised and of total accounts payable. No other vendors exceeded
10 of gross accounts payable in either period. 

Vendors.
 The Company s uses two vendors to manufacture its products available for sale, inventory, and our products used in field trials
for research and development purposes. 

segment for the manufacture and distribution of our products. In accordance with the Segment Reporting 
Topic of the ASC, the Company s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer and President,
who reviews operating results to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire Company. Existing
guidance, which is based on a management approach to segment reporting, establishes requirements to report selected segment information
quarterly and to report annually entity-wide disclosures about products and services, major customers, and the countries in which the
entity holds material assets and reports revenue. All material operating units qualify for aggregation under Segment Reporting 
due to their similar customer base and similarities in: economic characteristics; nature of products and services; and procurement, manufacturing
and distribution processes. Since the Company operates in one segment, all financial information required by Segment Reporting 
can be found in the accompanying financial statements. 

- 
 
 Finished goods 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory gross 
 
 - 
 
 Reserve for obsolescence 
 
 - 
 
 Total inventory 
 - 
 - 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a reserve for slow moving and potentially obsolete inventory of , which
is included in cost of goods sold in the accompanying statement of operations. 

- 
 
 Accumulated depreciation 

Net book value 
 
 - 

Depreciation
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company determined its rental equipment was impaired and recorded an impairment charge of . 

Computer equipment 

Vehicles 

Total cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

Net book value 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. During the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company financed the purchase of a vehicle for and , respectively (see Note 7). During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company reclassified from vendor deposits to property and equipment. 

Less debt discount 
 - 

Total senior convertible notes payable, net 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold approximately of Senior Convertible Promissory Notes (the Notes and warrants (the Warrants ). The Company received net proceeds of after deducting an original issue
discount of , or , and legal fees of , which was recorded as a debt discount. Each Warrant is exercisable at a price
(the Exercise Price equal to of its initial public offering price, currently estimated to be per share. The
Company determined the fair value of the Warrants to be approximately million of which the relative fair value of million
was allocated and recorded as a component of debt discount. The Company made principal payments of during 2022, leaving a balance
on the Notes at December 31, 2022 of . 

The
holder of the Warrants shall have the right to purchase up to the number of shares that equals the quotient obtained by dividing: (i)
the Warrant Coverage Amount, by (ii) the Conversion Price. The Warrant Coverage Amount shall mean the amount obtained by
multiplying: (A) one hundred percent (100 ); by (B) aggregate principal amount of the Holder s Note(s). The conversion price in
effect on any Conversion Date shall be equal to of the offering price per share of common stock in our initial public offering. 

Each
Note is convertible, in the sole discretion of the holder of the Note, into shares of our common stock at a purchase price equal to 
of the offering price of the initial public offering price currently estimated to be per share. In the event that the initial public
offering is not consummated within 12 months of the date of this Note, then the Conversion Price shall be equal to of the offering
price per share of common stock in the initial public offering. In the event that the initial public offering is not consummated within
24 months of the date of this Note, then the Conversion Price shall be equal to of the offering price per share of common stock in
the initial public offering. Each Note, issued at an original issue discount of , carries interest at a rate of per annum, and
any interest payable under the Note shall automatically accrue and be capitalized to the principal amount of the Note, and shall thereafter
be deemed to be a part of the principal amount of the Note, unless such interest is paid in cash on or prior to the maturity date of
the Note. 

The
Notes mature from the date of the Notes, provided, however, that noteholders have the right to call the Notes prior to maturity
starting from the earlier of (i) the consummation of the first underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale by the Company of not less than million of its equity securities,
as a result of or following which common stock shall be listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market, and (ii) . On May 16, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to extend the right
to call provision in its senior secured convertible notes from December 15, 2021 to September 15, 2022, in exchange for issuing its senior
convertible note holders an aggregate of shares of common stock with a fair value of approximately at the date of grant,
or per common share. On September 30, 2022, the Company entered into a second amendment to extend the right to call provision in
its senior secured convertible notes from September 15, 2022 to December 31, 2022, in exchange for issuing its senior convertible note
holders an aggregate of shares of common stock with a fair value of approximately at the date of grant, or per
common share. On December 20, 2022, the Company entered into a third amendment to extend the right to call provision and the maturity
date in its senior secured convertible notes from December 31, 2022 to June 30, 2023, in exchange for issuing its senior convertible
note holders an aggregate of shares of common stock with a fair value of approximately at the date of grant, or 
per common share. 

The
aggregate amount of approximately million was recorded as a financing cost, a component of other expense, in the accompanying statements
of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

. 

Each
Note and Warrant holder has (i) the right of first refusal to purchase up to of its pro rata share of new securities the that company
offers, which right expires upon the consummation of an underwritten initial public offering by the Company or a change in control of
the Company, and (ii) the right to be repaid any and all principal and interest due by the Company from any and all proceeds resulting
from any sale of assets and any sale and issuance of debt or equity securities. 

The
total of the original issue discount of , legal fees of , and the allocated relative fair value of warrants issued of
 million, or an aggregate of million, were capitalized and recorded as a debt discount in 2021 and are amortized over the remaining
life of the Notes. The unamortized debt discount balance was million as of December 31, 2021. Amortization of debt discount was
approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was recorded as a component of interest expense in the accompanying
statement of operations, leaving no remaining unamortized debt discount balance at December 31, 2022. 

The
accrued interest balance was at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company added of accrued
interest, leaving an accrued interest balance of at December 31, 2022. Accrued interest in included in accounts payable and
accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. 

As
of December 31, 2022, approximately shares of common stock were potentially issuable under the conversion terms of the Notes. 

Less current portion 

Noncurrent portion 

On
November 20, 2020, the Company financed the purchase of a vehicle for . The loan term is for , annual interest rate of
 , with monthly principal and interest payments of , and secured by the purchased vehicle. The loan balance was at December
31, 2020. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company made principal payments of , leaving a loan balance of
 at December 31, 2021. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company made principal payments of , leaving
a loan balance of at December 31, 2022, of which was recorded as the current portion of loan payable on the accompanying
balance sheet. 

On
January 20, 2022, the Company financed the purchase of a second vehicle for . The loan term is for , annual interest rate
of , with monthly principal and interest payments of , and secured by the purchased vehicle. During the year December 31,
2022, the Company made principal payments of , leaving a loan balance of at December 31, 2022, of which was recorded
as the current portion of loan payable on the accompanying balance sheet. 

shares of common stock, par value, and shares of preferred stock,
 share of which is designated as Series A preferred stock, par value. The rights, preferences and privileges of preferred stock
may be designated from time to time by our board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of our common stock
issued and outstanding and one share of Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding. The one (1) share of Series A preferred
stock is held by Jonathan Destler, our former Chief Executive Officer and current Founder and Head of Corporate Development. 

Undesignated
Preferred Stock 

Under
the terms of our Certificate of Incorporation, our board of directors is authorized to issue shares of our undesignated preferred stock
in one or more series without stockholder approval. Our board of directors has the discretion to determine the rights, preferences, privileges
and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, of
each series of preferred stock. 

The
purpose of authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock and determine its rights and preferences is to eliminate delays
associated with a stockholder vote on specific issuances. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection
with possible future acquisitions and other corporate purposes, will affect, and may adversely affect, the rights of holders of common
stock. It is not possible to state the actual effect of the issuance of any shares of preferred stock on the rights of holders of common
stock until our board of directors determines the specific rights attached to that preferred stock. The effects of issuing preferred
stock could include one or more of the following: 

restricting dividends on the common stock; 

diluting the voting power of the common stock; 

impairing the liquidation rights of the common stock;
 or 

delaying or preventing changes in control or management
 of our company. 

Once
our board of directors approves the rights and preferences for a series of preferred stock, we will file a Certificate of Designation
for such series of preferred stock with the Delaware Secretary of State formally establishing such rights and preferences. 

Series
A Preferred Stock; Common Stock 

Voting 

Except
as set forth below, each holder of Series A preferred stock has the same rights as holders of common stock and shall be entitled to notice
of any stockholders meeting. They shall also be entitled to vote with the holders of common stock, and not as a separate class,
except as may otherwise be required by law. Except as set forth below, each stockholder shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share
of stock outstanding. Except as set forth below or otherwise provided by the law of the State of Delaware, any corporate action to be
taken shall be authorized by a majority of the votes cast by the stockholders. There are no cumulative rights to voting. 

Each
share of Series A preferred stock is entitled to the number of votes equal to 110 of the number of votes of the common stock issued
and outstanding. 

Additionally,
for as long as any shares of Series A preferred stock are outstanding, the holders of Series A preferred stock shall be entitled to elect
one director, or the Series A Director. 

Protective
Provisions 

For
as long as any shares of Series A preferred stock are outstanding, we must obtain the approval of at least a majority of the holders
of the outstanding shares of preferred stock, voting as a separate class, to: 

Amend our articles of incorporation
 or, unless approved by our board of directors, including by the Series A Director, amend our bylaws; 

Change or modify the rights,
 preferences or other terms of the Series A preferred stock, or increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of Series A preferred
 stock; 

Reclassify or recapitalize
 any outstanding equity securities, or, unless approved by our board of directors, including by the Series A Director, authorize or
 issue, or undertake an obligation to authorize or issue, any equity securities or any debt securities convertible into or exercisable
 for any equity securities (other than the issuance of stock-options or securities under any employee option or benefit plan); 

Authorize
 or effect any transaction constituting a Deemed Liquidation (as defined in this subparagraph), or any other merger or consolidation
 of the Company, where a Deemed Liquidation shall mean: (1) the closing of the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially
 all of the Company s assets (including an irrevocable or exclusive license with respect to all or substantially all of the
 Company s intellectual property); (2) the consummation of a merger, share exchange or consolidation with or into any other
 corporation, limited liability company or other entity (except one in which the holders of capital stock of the Company as constituted
 immediately prior to such merger, share exchange or consolidation continue to hold at least 50 of the voting power of the capital
 stock of the Company or the surviving or acquiring entity (or its parent entity)), (3) authorizing or effecting any transaction liquidation,
 dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary; provided, however , that none of the following shall
 be considered a Deemed Liquidation: (A) a merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company, or
 (B) a transaction or other event deemed to be exempt from the definition of a Deemed Liquidation by the holders of at least a majority
 of the then outstanding Series A preferred stock. 

Increase
 or decrease the size of our board of directors as provided in our bylaws or remove the Series A Director (unless approved by our
 board of directors, including the Series A Director); 

Declare
 or pay any dividends or make any other distribution with respect to any class or series of capital stock (unless approved by our
 board of directors, including the Series A Director); 

Redeem,
 repurchase or otherwise acquire (or pay into or set aside for a sinking fund for such purpose) any outstanding shares of capital
 stock (other than the repurchase of shares of common stock from employees, consultants or other service providers pursuant to agreements
 approved by our board of directors under which the Company has the option to repurchase such shares at no greater than original cost
 upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the termination of employment) (unless approved by our board of directors, including
 the Series A Director); 

Create
 or amend any stock option plan of the Company, if any (other than amendments that do not require approval of the stockholders under
 the terms of the plan or applicable law) or approve any new equity incentive plan; 

Replace
 the President and/or Chief Executive Officer of the Company (unless approved by our board of directors, including the Series A Director); 

Transfer assets to any
 subsidiary or other affiliated entity (unless approved by our board of directors, including the Series A Director); 

Issue, or cause any subsidiary
 of the Company to issue, any indebtedness or debt security, other than trade accounts payable and/or letters of credit, performance
 bonds or other similar credit support incurred in the ordinary course of business, or amend, renew, increase or otherwise alter in
 any material respect the terms of any indebtedness previously approved or required to be approved by the holders of the Series A
 preferred stock (unless approved by our board of directors, including the Series A Director); 

Modify or change the nature
 of the Company s business; 

Acquire, or cause a subsidiary
 of the Company to acquire, in any transaction or series of related transactions, the stock or any material assets of another person,
 or enter into any joint venture with any other person (unless approved by our board of directors, including the Series A Director);
 or 

Sell, transfer, license,
 lease or otherwise dispose of, in any transaction or series of related transactions, any material assets of the Company or any subsidiary
 outside the ordinary course of business (unless approved by our board of directors, including the Series A Director). 

Dividends 

Subject
to the rights of the preferred stockholders set forth in -Protective Provisions , our board of directors shall have full
power and discretion, to determine out of legally available funds what, if any, dividends or distributions shall be declared and paid.
Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of common stock. Shares of common stock and Series A preferred stock are treated
equally and ratably, on a per share basis, with respect to any dividend or distribution from us. If a dividend is paid in the form of
shares of common stock or rights to acquire common stock, the holders of common stock and Series A preferred stock shall both receive
common stock or rights to acquire common stock. No dividends shall be declared or payable in the form of Series A preferred stock. 

Liquidation
Rights 

If
there is a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, holders of our common stock and Series A preferred stock would be entitled
to share in our assets remaining after the payment of liabilities equally and ratably, on a per share basis. 

Conversion 

Voluntary
Conversion: Each share of Series A preferred stock shall be convertible into one fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock at
the option of the holder. Additionally, each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall automatically convert into one share of common stock
upon the first to occur of (a) a transfer of such share of Series A Preferred Stock other than to Mr. Destler, or (b) the death or incapacity
of Mr. Destler. 

Other
Provisions 

Holders
of our common stock and Series A preferred stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights, and there are
no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock or Series A preferred stock. 

Voting
Trust Agreement 

On
December 23, 2022, we entered into a Voting Trust Agreement (the Voting Trust Agreement with Jonathan Destler, our Founder
and our Head of Corporate Development. The voting trust created under the Voting Trust Agreement holds all shares of common stock and
the one share of Series A Preferred Stock held by Mr. Destler, and vests in the trustee, the power to vote the shares held by Mr. Destler
in any stockholder vote or written consent in lieu of a stockholders meeting. The terms and conditions of the Voting Trust Agreement
provides that the members of our board of directors have full discretion to appoint a trustee to vote the shares. The current sole trustee
of the voting trust is Jeffrey Klausner, our sole director. The voting trustee does not have any economic rights or investment power
with respect to the shares of common stock and Series A Preferred Stock transferred to the voting trust; their rights consist solely
of voting rights. The Voting Trust Agreement will terminate on the first to occur of (i) final disposition of (a) Securities and Exchange
Commission vs. David Stephens, Donald Linn Danks, Jonathan Destler and Robert Lazarus (and Daniel Solomita and 8198381 Canada, Inc.,
as Relief Defendants), Case No. 22CV1483AJB DEB, filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of California on
September 30, 2022, and (b) Untied States of America v. David Stephens, Donald Danks, Jonathan Destler and Robert Lazarus, Case No. 22
CR2701 BAS, filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of California on November 22, 2022, or (ii) mutual agreement
of the Company and Mr. Destler. 

Common
Shares Issued on Exercise of Warrants 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company temporarily reduced the exercise price of certain warrants issued as part of the Company s
 private offering, described below, from per share to per share. The Company received proceeds of approximately 
million on the exercise of warrants for the purchase of shares of common stock, at exercise price of per share. 

Common
Shares Issued on Private Offerings 

During
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received net proceeds of approximately million on the sale of shares of common
stock at per share, as part of its private offerings. As part of the Company s private offering, each participating
shareholder received a warrant to purchase up to fifty percent (50 of the number of common shares purchased, at per share, and
which expires on . As such, the Company issued warrants during the period. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received net proceeds of approximately million on the sale of shares of
common stock at per share, as part of its private offerings. As part of the Company s private offering, each participating
shareholder is entitled to a warrant to purchase up to fifty percent (50 of the number of common shares purchased, at per share,
and which originally were to expire on , and subsequent extended to expire on June 30, 2023. 

Common
Shares Issued for Financing Costs 

On
May 16, 2022, September 30, 2022, and December 20, 2022, the Company entered into amendments (see Note 6) to extend the call provisions
and expiration date in its senior secured convertible notes, in exchange for issuing its senior convertible note holders an aggregate
of shares of common stock with a fair value of approximately million at the date of grant, or per common share. The
 million was recorded as a financing cost, a component of other expense, in the accompanying statements of operations. 

Common
Shares Issued for Services 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into various consulting agreements with third parties Consultants pursuant to which these Consultants provided business development, sales promotion, introduction to new business opportunities, strategic
analysis and sales and marketing activities. In addition, the Company issued shares to a director for board service. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock, with a fair value of approximately million at date of
grant. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock, with a fair value of million at date of grant. 

Summary
of Restricted Stock Units 

On
May 17, 2022, the Company granted an aggregate of restricted stock units (RSU) to its employees and executives pursuant to the
Company s 2022 Stock Incentive Plan, with an aggregate fair value of , based on the Company s current private offering
price. 

On
December 8, 2022, the Company granted its Chief Executive Officer, Geoffrey Andersen, RSU, with a fair value of , based
on the Company s current private offering price. The RSU was issued per the terms of Mr. Andersen s employment agreement
dated December 8, 2022, and per the Company s 2022 Stock Incentive Plan. 

As
of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were issued. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 
of compensation expense relating to vested RSUs. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of unvested compensation related to RSUs
was approximately which will be recognized as an expense as the options vest in future periods through December 8, 2023. 

Summary
of Warrants 

Warrants granted 

Warrants exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants expired or forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Warrants granted 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants expired or forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Balance exercisable, December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, both the outstanding and exercisable warrants have an intrinsic value of . The aggregate intrinsic value
was calculated as the difference between the estimated market value of per share as of December 31, 2022, and the exercise price
of the outstanding warrants. 

Warrants
Issued in Private Offering 

In
conjunction with the sale of the common shares issued as part of the Company s private offering in 2022, each participating
shareholder is entitled to purchase up to fifty percent (50 of the number of common shares purchased, at per share. The warrants
expire on December 31, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares and shares
of common stock at an exercise price of in connection with our initial public offering. 

In
conjunction with the sale of the common shares issued as part of the Company s private offering in 2021, each participating
shareholder is entitled to purchase up to fifty percent (50 of the number of common shares purchased, at per share. During the
year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of in
connection with our initial public offering. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, warrants issued as part of the Company s private offering, were exercised at a
discounted price of per share, for total proceeds of approximately million. 

Warrants
Issued with Senior Convertible Notes Payable 

In
September and October 2021, and in conjunction with the sale of senior convertible notes payable, the Company issued warrants to purchase
an aggregate of of its common shares. The holder of the Warrants shall have the right to purchase up to the number of shares
that equals the quotient obtained by dividing: (i) the Warrant Coverage Amount, by (ii) the Conversion Price. The Warrant Coverage
Amount shall mean the amount obtained by multiplying: (A) one hundred percent (100 ); by (B) aggregate principal amount of the
Holder s Note(s). The conversion price in effect on any Conversion Date shall be equal to of the offering price per share of
common stock in our initial public offering. Each Warrant is exercisable at a price equal to of our initial public offering price
(see Note 5). 

Warrants
Issued under Advisory Board Agreement 

On
July 1, 2021, the Company entered into a three-year consulting agreement (the Agreement for which the consultant is to
serve on the Company s Advisory Board and provide services as defined in the Agreement. Per the terms of the Agreement, the Company
is to pay the consultant per month during the first six month period of the Agreement, and the Company shall grant, as of July
1, 2021, (i) a warrant, for a term of , to purchase shares of common stock, which shall vest on the date hereof, at
an exercise price of per share, (ii) a warrant, for a term of , to purchase shares of common stock, which shall
vest on December 1, 2021, at an exercise price of per share, (iii) a warrant, for a term of , to purchase shares
of common stock, which shall vest on September 1, 2022, at an exercise price of per share, and (iv) a warrant, for a term of , to purchase shares of common stock, which shall vest on December 1, 2022, at an exercise price of per share. The
aggregate fair value of the warrants was determined to be , which was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing
model with the following average assumption: fair value of our stock price of per share based on recent private sales of our stock,
expected term of , volatility of , dividend rate of , and weighted average risk-free interest rate of . 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized and of compensation expense relating to vested warrants,
respectively. As of December 31, 2022, unvested compensation related to these warrants remained. 

Summary
of Options 

2016
Stock Incentive Plan 

The
Company s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan is for officers, employees, non-employee members of the Board of
Directors, and consultants of the Company. The Plan authorized the granting of not more than million restricted shares, stock appreciation
rights SAR s ), and incentive and non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock.
On July 13, 2021, the Board increased the number of common shares authorized to be issued under the Company s 2016 Equity Incentive
Plan one million shares to seven million shares. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted stock options of
 shares. The plan expired during the year ended December 31, 2022, leaving shares available to be issued under the 2016 Equity
Inventive Plan on December 31, 2022. 

2022
Stock Incentive Plan 

The
Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan is for officers, employees, non-employee members of the Board of
Directors, and consultants of the Company. The Plan authorized the granting of not more than million restricted shares, stock appreciation
rights SAR s ), and incentive and non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock.
The Plan authorizes the issuance of up to fifteen million shares. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted stock
options of shares and restricted stock units of , leaving shares available to be issued under the 2022 Equity
Inventive Plan on December 31, 2022. 

Options exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options expired or forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Options granted 

Options exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options expired or forfeited 

Balance outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Balance exercisable, December 31, 2022 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, as discussed below, the Company approved options exercisable into shares to be issued pursuant
to the Company s 2016 and 2022 Equity Incentive Plans. The aggregate fair value of the approved options was determined to be 
million. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, as discussed below, the Company approved options exercisable into shares to be issued pursuant
to the Company s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. The aggregate fair value of the approved options was determined to be million. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million of compensation expense relating to vested
stock options, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of unvested compensation related to stock options was approximately
 million which will be recognized as an expense as the options vest in future periods through May 2025. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the outstanding and exercisable options have an intrinsic value of million and million, respectively.
The aggregate intrinsic value was calculated as the difference between the estimated market value of per share as of December 31,
2022, and the exercise price of the outstanding options. 

Option
Grants 

Options
Issued to Employees 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted employees aggregate options to purchase 
 shares of common stock under the Company s
2022 Stock Incentive Plan, at an exercise price of 
 per share, with a vesting period of twelve months , and an expiration
period of . The total fair value of these options at grant date was approximately ,
which was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: fair value of
our stock price of 
 per share, based on the Company s current private offering price, the expected term of , volatility of ,
dividend rate of ,
and risk-free interest rate of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted its employees options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock
(the Option Shares under the Company s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, at an exercise price of per share, with
a weighted average vesting period of 10 months. The stock options are exercisable at a price of per share with a weighted average
expiration period of years. The total fair value of these options at grant date was approximately , which was determined
using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: fair value of our stock price of 
per share, based on recent private sales of our stock, and more recently, based on a recent valuation report, and valuation discussions
with our underwriters pursuant to our recent initial public offering, the expected term of , volatility of , dividend rate
of , and risk-free interest rate of . 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized and of compensation expense relating to vested stock
options, respectively. 

Options
Issued under Advisory Board Agreements 

On
August 18, 2021 and September 24, 2021, the Company entered into a one-year consulting agreement (the Agreement ), with
automatic annual renewals, for which the consultants are to serve on the Company s Advisory Board and provide services as defined
in the Agreement. Per the terms of the Agreement, the Company is to pay the consultants an aggregate amount of per calendar quarter
and granted the consultants aggregate options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, with a five (5) year life,
vesting over a twelve (12) month period, and exercisable at per share. The consultant will be granted an additional aggregate 
options to purchase shares on each automatic contract renewal period. The total fair value of these options at grant date was approximately
 , which was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following weighted average assumption: fair
value of our stock price of per share based on recent private sales of our stock, expected term of , volatility of ,
dividend rate of , and risk-free interest rate of . 

On
the consultant s automatic contract renewal period of August 18, 2022 and September 24, 2022, the consultants were granted an additional
aggregate options to purchase shares. The total fair value of these options at grant date was approximately , which was
determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: fair value of our stock
price of per share, based on the Company s current private offering price, the expected term of , volatility of
 , dividend rate of , and risk-free interest rate of . 

On July 15, 2022, the Company entered into a one-year consulting agreement
with Geoffrey Andersen, the Company s Chief Executive Officer effective on December 8, 2022. Mr. Andersen was granted an aggregate
20,358 options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, of which 16,695 options vested immediately at an exercise price
of 2.95, with 3,393 options vesting over a twelve (12) month period, and exercisable at 4.42 per share. The total fair value of these
options at grant date was approximately 62,000. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized and compensation expense relating to vested stock options. 

Options
Issued under Executive Employment Agreements 

Chief
Executive Officer 

On
December 8, 2022, the Employment Agreement with Geoffrey Andersen (the Andersen Agreement ), the Company s Chief Executive
Officer was ratified, confirmed, and approved. The Andersen Agreement is for a period with an initial base salary of 
per annum. The Andersen Agreement granted Mr. Andersen an option to purchase shares of common stock (the Option Shares under our 2022 Stock Incentive Plan, at an exercise price of per share, for a term to expire on , and where 
Option Shares vest monthly over a twelve (12) month period beginning on December 8, 2022. The total fair value of these options at grant
date was approximately , which was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following assumptions:
fair value of our stock price of per share, based on the Company s current private offering price, the expected term of , volatility of , dividend rate of , and risk-free interest rate of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized of compensation expense relating to vested stock options. 

In
the event that the Company raises or more in cash in a single transaction through the sale of equity or debt securities, the
Mr. Andersen shall receive an annual base salary on an annualized basis. In connection with the Andersen Agreement, the Company
granted restricted stock units, which vest on the earlier of (i) on December 13, 2023, (ii) in the event that the Company raises
 or more in cash in a single transaction through the sale of equity or debt securities, (iii) a merger, asset sale, share exchange
or other business combination transaction, or (iv) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution
of the Company other than in connection with the transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to an affiliate or
a subsidiary of the Company. 

Chief
Financial Officer and Director of Operations 

On
May 9, 2022, the Employment Agreement with Steve Handy, the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Director of Operations was ratified,
confirmed, and approved. The Employment Agreement is for a two-year period with an initial base salary of per annum and increased
by 5 on the first anniversary of the Employment Agreement. The Employment Agreement includes a cash severance provision of 
if Mr. Handy s employment is terminated without cause. The Company granted Mr. Handy stock options to purchase shares of
common stock under the Company s 2022 Stock Incentive Plan, at an exercise price of per common share, with a vesting period
of , and an expiration period of . The total fair value of these options at grant date was approximately ,
which was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following assumptions: fair value of our stock price
of per share, based on the Company s current private offering price, the expected term of , volatility of ,
dividend rate of , and risk-free interest rate of . 

On
May 17, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Steve Handy to serve as its Chief Financial Officer and Director
of Operations (the Employment Agreement ). The term of the employment is for twelve months. Mr. Handy s base salary
is per annum, with annual increases and bonuses at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Mr. Handy is entitled to receive
a severance payment of if terminated by the Company without cause within the first twelve months of employment. 

The
Employment Agreement granted the Executive an option to purchase shares of common stock (the Option Shares under
the Company s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, at an exercise price of per share, for a term to expire on , and where
 Option Shares, vest monthly beginning on May 17, 2021. The stock options are exercisable at a price of per share and expire
in ten years. The total fair value of these options at grant date was approximately , which was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton
option pricing model with the following average assumption: fair value of our stock price of per share based on recent private
sales of our stock, expected term of , volatility of , dividend rate of , and weighted average risk-free interest rate
of . 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized and of compensation expense relating to vested stock
options, respectively. 

Former
Chief Executive Officer and current Founder and Head of Corporate Development 

On
March 21, 2021, the Company and Mr. Destler, our former Chief Executive Officer and current Founder and Head of Corporate Development
(the Executive ), entered into an amended Employment Agreement (the Amended Agreement ). 

The
Amended Agreement granted the Executive an option to purchase shares of common stock (the Option Shares under
the Company s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, at an exercise price of per share, for a term to expire on , and where
 Option Shares vest monthly beginning on May 1, 2021. This option shall survive termination of the Agreement. The stock options
are exercisable at a price of per share and expire in ten years. The total fair value of these options at grant date was approximately
 million, which was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following average assumption: fair value
of our stock price of per share based on recent private sales of our stock, expected term of , volatility of , dividend
rate of , and weighted average risk-free interest rate of . 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized and million of compensation expense relating to vested stock
options, respectively. 

Litigation
against Jonathan Destler, our former Chief Executive Officer and former director, and Don Danks, a former director 

On September 30, 2022, a
Complaint (the Complaint ), captioned Securities and Exchange Commission vs. David Stephens, Donald Linn Danks, Jonathan
Destler and Robert Lazarus, and Daniel Solomita and 8198381 Canada, Inc., as relief defendants, Case No. 22CV1483AJB DEB, was filed
in the United States District Court, Southern District of California. In general, the Complaint alleges that Jonathan Destler, a co-founder
and our former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and a current employee, and Donald Danks, a co-founder, former director, and a former
employee, were part of a control group that committed securities fraud in connection with the purchase and sale of securities of Loop
Industries, Inc., a Nasdaq-listed company. 

On
November 22, 2022, an Indictment (the Indictment ), captioned United States of America v. David Stephens, Donald Danks,
Jonathan Destler and Robert Lazarus, Case No. 22CR2701 BAS, was filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of
California. In general, the Indictment alleges that Mr. Destler and Mr. Danks conspired to and committed securities fraud, based on the
same allegations in the Complaint. The indictment also alleges that Donald Danks engaged in money laundering. 

Furthermore,
the Complaint and the Indictment allege that Mr. Destler and Mr. Danks were part of a control group consisting of four other persons
(David Stephens, Jonathan Destler, Don Danks and Robert Lazarus) who used a third person to make an unregistered offering of securities.
The third person is a deceased former-stockholder of Opti-Harvest, whose Opti-Harvest shares are now held by his estate. 

Mr.
Destler is currently our key employee with respect to our business development because of his material role marketing selling our products.
Additionally, the Voting Trust Agreement with Mr. Destler terminates on the first to occur of (i) final disposition of the proceedings
related to the Complaint and the Indictment, or (ii) mutual agreement of Opti-Harvest and Mr. Destler. If Mr. Destler loses his criminal
litigation, it is possible that Mr. Destler could be incarcerated, in which case our marketing and sales could suffer because of his
inability to communicate with potential new and existing customers. Furthermore, final disposition of the proceedings related to the
Complaint and the Indictment could possibly also mean that Mr. Destler would have voting control over us while being incarcerated. In
such event, Mr. Destler s separation from daily business activities could cause him to make voting decisions without the knowledge
of our daily operations that he has today. 

Transfer
of Voting Control of Mr. Destler s Opti-Harvest Shares to Opti-Harvest 

Although
Mr. Destler (and Mr. Danks, who on January 9, 2023, resigned as an employee of Opti-Harvest) have denied to Opti-Harvest the claims made
against them in the Complaint and the Indictment, Mr. Destler agreed to resign his positions as a director, Chief Executive Officer,
President and Secretary with Opti-Harvest, and transfer voting control (while retaining ownership) of his shares of common stock and
Series A Preferred Stock, to the board of directors of Opti-Harvest. Accordingly, Jeffrey Klausner, Opti-Harvest s, sole director
is the sole trustee of a Voting Trust Agreement, dated December 23, 2022, by and among Opti-Harvest, Inc., Mr. Destler, entities Mr.
Destler controls, Mr. Destler s spouse, and Mr. Klausner, pursuant to which Mr. Klausner, on behalf of Opti-Harvest, votes Mr.
Destler s shares of common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. 

It
should be noted that the term Trust in the title Voting Trust Agreement is used for naming convention only,
and no trust, as an entity, has been created in connection with the Voting Trust Agreement. Accordingly, Mr. Klausner, as the trustee
under the Voting Trust, does not owe any fiduciary duty to Mr. Destler, his affiliated entities, or his spouse, under the Voting Trust
Agreement. Mr. Klausner s sole duty under the Voting Trust Agreement is to vote Mr. Destler s beneficial ownership in Opti-Harvest
securities. 

Under
the Voting Trust Agreement, Mr. Destler had agreed and consented to the appointment of any member of our board of directors to be appointed
a trustee under the Voting Trust Agreement. Therefore, future members of our board of directors may become a trustee under the Voting
Trust Agreement. Whether any future member of our board of directors may become a trustee under the Voting Trust Agreement would depend
on whether any such new director would want to and agree to becoming a trustee under the Voting Trust Agreement. 

The
Voting Trust Agreement terminates on the first to occur of (i) final disposition of the proceedings related to the Complaint and the
Indictment, or (ii) mutual agreement of Opti-Harvest and Mr. Destler. 

Advisory
Agreements 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company entered into various advisory agreements in connect with transactions in which
the Company, directly or indirectly through one or more affiliates, raises debt capital or receives a loan from one or more investors
identified. The advisory agreements generally expire on the date specified by either the advisory firm or the Company, and with 30 days 
notice of termination. The Company agreed to pay up to six percent of the capital raised if the funding is in the form of debt,
equity, mezzanine structure or subordinated debt structure or any other type of transaction. As of December 31, 2022, no transaction
has occurred related to the advisor agreements. 

DisperSolar
LLC (Related Party) 

On
April 7, 2017 (as amended on December 6, 2018), the Company and DisperSolar LLC (the Seller ), a California limited liability
company, entered into a Patent Purchase Agreement (the Agreement pursuant to which the Company acquired certain patents
(intellectual property) of the Seller. The Seller developed the patents for harvesting, transmission, spectral modification and delivery
of sunlight to shaded areas of plants. Per the Agreement, the Company was obligated to pay milestone payments, earnout payments, and
royalties. 

Earnout
Payments 

The
Company is obligated to pay total payable on the on-going basis at a rate of 50 of gross margin and/or
license revenue from the date of the first commercial sale of a covered product or the first receipt by the Company of license revenue ,
until the aggregate combined gross margin and license revenue reach million. 

Royalties 

The
Company will pay to Seller royalties as follows: 

(i) 
 Following the recognition
 by the Company of the first million in aggregate combined gross margin and license revenue, and until the Company pays to Seller
 an aggregate amount in royalties of million, the Company shall pay to Seller royalties on sales of covered products at a rate
 of of gross margin. 

(ii) 
 Once the Company has paid
 to Seller an aggregate amount in royalties of million, the Company shall pay to Seller royalties on sales of covered products
 at a rate of of gross margin until the earlier of (x) such time as covered products are not covered by any claims of any assigned
 patent, and (y) the date of the consummation of a Strategic Transaction. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recorded no earnout or royalties payment obligations as no gross margin was realized. 

Strategic
Transaction 

The
Company will pay to Seller of all license consideration received by the Company until the date of the consummation of a Strategic
Transaction. Strategic Transaction means a transaction or a series of related transactions that results in an acquisition
of the Company by a third party, including by way of merger, purchase of capital stock or purchase of assets or change of control or
otherwise. 

Strategic
Transaction Consideration. Strategic Transaction Consideration means any cash consideration and the fair market value of
any non-cash consideration paid to the Company by any acquirer as consideration for the Strategic Transaction, less the costs and expenses
incurred by the Company for the purpose of consummating the Strategic Transaction. The Company will pay to Seller a percentage of all
license consideration received by the Company as follows: 

(i) 
 of the first million
 of the Strategic Transaction Consideration; 

(ii) 
 of the next million
 of the Strategic Transaction Consideration (i.e. over million and up to million); 

(iii) 
 of Strategic Transaction
 Consideration over million. 

Inventor
Royalty (Related Party) 

On
July 5, 2019, the Company and Nicholas Booth Mr. Booth entered into a Royalty Agreement. Mr. Booth is a member of Dispersolar,
LLC and a named inventor of the acquired patents from Dispersolar, LLC discussed above. Effective July 1, 2021, Mr. Booth was employed
by the Company as its Chief Technology Officer. 

The
Company will pay Mr. Booth a percentage of all License Consideration received by the Company as follows: 

(a)
Once the Company has paid to DisperSolar an aggregate amount in royalties of million under the Agreement, the Company will pay to
Booth a percentage of all royalties on sales of Covered Products at a rate of of Gross Margin until the earlier of (x) such time
as Covered Products are not covered by any claims of any Assigned Patent, and (y) the date of the consummation of a Strategic Transaction. 

(b)
Opti-Harvest will pay to Booth a percentage of all License Consideration received by the Company on the same terms as payable by the
Company to DisperSolar under the Agreement, except that the percentages of License Consideration due to Booth shall be as follows: 

(a) 
 of all License Consideration
 received by Opti-Harvest until the date of consummation of a Strategic Transaction; 

(b) 
 of the first million
 of the Strategic Transaction Consideration; 

(c) 
 of the next million
 of the Strategic Transaction Consideration (i.e. over million and up to million); and 

(d) 
 of Strategic Transaction
 Consideration over million. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, no amounts were due for earnouts or royalties. 

Both
Yosepha Shahak Ravid and Nicholas Booth are members of the Seller, and are named inventors of the acquired patents from the Seller, discussed
above. Effective July 1, 2021, Ms. Shahak Ravid, our Chief Science Officer, and Mr. Booth, our Chief Technology Officer, were employed
by the Company. 

million for Federal and state purposes. The carryforwards expire in various amounts through
2040. Given the Company s history of net operating losses, management has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company
will not be able to realize the tax benefit of the carryforwards. Accordingly, the Company has not recognized a deferred tax asset for
this benefit. Section 382 generally limits the use of NOLs and credits following an ownership change, which occurs when one or more 5
percent shareholders increase their ownership, in aggregate, by more than percentage points over the lowest percentage of stock owned
by such shareholders at any time during the testing period (generally three years). 

Effective
January 1, 2007, the Company adopted FASB guidelines that address the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be
claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under this guidance, we may recognize the tax benefit from an
uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities,
based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be
measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. This
guidance also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods
and requires increased disclosures. At the date of adoption, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have a liability
for unrecognized tax benefits, and no adjustment was required at adoption. 

The
Company s policy is to record interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022,
and 2021, the Company has not accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Additionally, tax years 2019 through
2022 remain open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. 

Upon
the attainment of taxable income by the Company, management will assess the likelihood of realizing the tax benefit associated with the
use of the carryforwards and will recognize the appropriate deferred tax asset at that time. 

State income tax benefit, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income taxes at effective tax rate 
 - 
 - 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

restricted shares of common
stock to Mr. Andersen, with a fair value at grant date was approximately , and granted options, contingent on the achievement
of defined milestones, to purchase shares of the Company s common stock on January 1, 2022, options to purchase shares
of the Company s common stock on July 1, 2022, options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock on January
1, 2023, and options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock on July 1, 2023. On July 14, 2022, the contingent
options had not been granted, and the Company and Mr. Andersen agreed to terminate the Agreement. 

On
July 15, 2022, the Company entered into a one-year consulting agreement (the Agreement ), with automatic annual renewals,
with Mr. Andersen for which he is to serve on the Company s Advisory Board and provide services as defined in the Agreement. Per
the terms of the Agreement, the Company is to pay Mr. Andersen per calendar quarter and granted Mr. Andersen options to purchase
 shares of the Company s common stock, with a five (5) year life, vesting over a twelve (12) month period, and exercisable
at per share. Mr. Andersen will be granted an additional aggregate options to purchase shares on each automatic contract
renewal period. The total fair value of these options at grant date was approximately , which was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton
option pricing model with the following weighted average assumption: fair value of our stock price of per share based on recent
private sales of our stock, expected term of , volatility of , dividend rate of , and risk-free interest rate of . 

Furthermore,
Mr. Andersen was granted options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, with a five (5) year life, immediate
vesting, and exercisable at per share. The total fair value of these options at grant date was approximately , which was
determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following weighted average assumption: fair value of our stock
price of per share based on recent private sales of our stock, expected term of , volatility of , dividend rate of
 , and risk-free interest rate of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized of compensation expense
relating to vested stock options. 

Both
Yosepha Shahak Ravid and Nicholas Booth are members of DisperSolar LLC, a California limited liability company DisperSolar and are named inventors of the acquired patents from Dispersolar, discussed below. Effective July 1, 2021, Ms. Shahak Ravid, our Chief
Science Officer, and Mr. Booth, our Chief Technology Officer, were employed by us. 

The
Company subleases its office space from an individual who is personally indebted to the Company s Chief Executive Officer. During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company directed rent payments totaling to Mr. Destler as partial repayment of the individual s
indebtedness. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company reimbursed the Company s Chief Executive Officer for contributions made on
behalf of the Company to certain members of the United States Congress. 

On
March 15, 2021, we entered into a consulting agreement with Mr. Klausner to provide the services to develop the Company s financial
model and corporate finance strategy and work on such matters as may be requested from time to time by us. The term of the consulting
agreement was three months and expired on June 15, 2021. Mr. Klausner received shares of the Opti-Harvest Inc. common stock for
his services, estimated to have a fair value of approximately . On July 1, 2021, Mr. Klausner was appointed to our Board of Directors
and appointed Chairman of the Audit Committee. 

On
May 17, 2021, Mr. Handy was hired by us as our Chief Financial Officer and Director of Operations. Before Mr. Handy s employment
with us, Mr. Handy provided services to us as a consultant to help us prepare for our financial statement audits and prepare our financial
statements. During the year ended December 31, 2021, and prior to his date of employment with the Company, Mr. Handy was paid approximately
 . 

Aaron
Danks, son of a director of the Company, was paid for services provided to the Company. Aaron Danks was paid for services during
the year ended December 31, 2021. 

on the exercise of warrants for the purchase of
 shares of common stock, at an exercise price of per share. 

Common
Shares Issued for Services 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company issued 67,860 shares of common stock for services, with a fair value of 400,000 at date of grant. 

Convertible
Promissory Notes and Warrants 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company sold approximately of Convertible Promissory Notes (the Notes and warrants
(the Warrants ). The Notes will accrue interest at a rate of ten percent per annum. The outstanding principal amount
of this Notes, together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, shall be due and payable on the date that is 12 months from the
date of the Notes (the Initial Maturity Date provided, however, that the Company may, at its option, extend such maturity
date an additional six (6) months (such option, the Extension Option and such extended maturity date, (the Extended
Maturity Date ). The date on which this Note matures, whether the Initial Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, is the Maturity
Date. The principal amount of this Note shall be subject to increase as follows: 

(a) If
a Qualified Public Offering does not occur before the Initial Maturity Date, the outstanding principal balance of this Note shall be
increased by an amount equal to of the outstanding principal balance of this Note on the Initial Maturity Date (the Premium ). 

(b) If
the Company exercises its Extension Option and a Qualified Public Offering does not occur before the Extended Maturity Date, the outstanding
principal balance due and payable to the Lender shall be increased by the Premium plus an additional of the outstanding principal
balance of the Note as of the Extended Maturity Date. 

(c) As
used herein, Qualified Public Offering means the issuance and sale of shares of comment stock, par value per share,
of the Company (the Common Stock to investors in an underwritten public offering or a direct listing
by the Company of its Common Stock, in either case pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. 

In
the event the Company consummates a Qualified Public Offering, Lender shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time prior
to the Maturity Date or earlier repayment of this Note, to convert all, or any portion, of the outstanding principal balance of this
Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to of the price at which shares of Common Stock are first sold to the
public in a Qualified Public Offering. Upon conversion, the Company will pay all accrued but unpaid interest on this Note in cash. An
election to convert the Note shall be made in writing and delivered to the Company no later than five (5) days before the Maturity Date;
provided, however, that if the Qualified Public Offering is consummated within five (5) days before the Maturity Date, the notice of
election will be delivered no later than five (5) days after the date on which such Qualified Public Offering is consummated. 

first
underwritten public offering (the IPO pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, covering the offer and sale by the Company of not less than 10,000,000 of its equity securities, as a result of or following
which the Company shall be a reporting issuer under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended , and its common stock
shall be listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market . This Warrant shall be exercisable, in whole or in part: (i) after the earlier to occur
of: (A) the consummation of the IPO; or (B) six months after the date of this Warrant; and (ii) prior to the Warrant expiration date
which is twelve months after the date of this Warrant. 

Convertible
Promissory Notes and Restricted Shares 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company
sold approximately of Convertible Promissory Notes (the Notes ). These Notes will accrue interest at a
rate of twelve percent per annum, compounded annually, until maturity or conversion hereof. The interest payable hereunder shall automatically accrue and
be capitalized to the principal amount of this Note PIK Interest ), and shall thereafter be deemed to be a part of the
principal amount of this Note, unless such interest is paid in cash on or prior to the maturity date of the Notes. The Lender shall have
the right, but not the obligation, at any time to convert all, or any portion, of the outstanding principal balance of the Notes
into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to either (i) 
per share, or (ii) the price at which shares of Common Stock are first sold to the public in a Qualified Public Offering. The
Company shall issue 
shares of common stock of the Company for each 
invested by an Investor, provided, however, that if an Investor invests a sum of funds which does not round to ,
the Company shall issue to such Investor Shares on a pro rata basis, based on an issuance of 
Shares for each 
invested. If the company enters into a subsequent financing with another individual or entity (a Third Party on terms
that are more favorable to the Third Party, the agreements between the company and the Investors shall be amended to include such
better terms so long as the Notes are outstanding. 

Unsecured
Promissory Notes 

On
February 21, 2023, the Company sold of Unsecured Promissory Note (the Note to Donald Danks, a former member of
the Company s Board of Directors. The Company received net proceeds of after deducting an original issue discount of ,
or , which was recorded as a debt discount. The note bears no interest and matures of March 21, 2023. If a Qualified Public Offering
does not occur before the Initial Maturity Date, the outstanding principal amount of this Note, together with all accrued but unpaid
interest thereon, shall be paid from funds from any offer and sale of Lender of equity or debt securities whereby Lender obtains gross
cash proceeds in an amount not less than Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ). If a Qualified Public Offering does not occur before
the Initial Maturity Date, this Note will accrue interest at a rate of twelve percent per annum. The Company may prepay the Note,
or any portion outstanding, at any time and from time to time prior to Maturity Date without notice and without the payment of any premium,
fee, or penalty. 

F- 30 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

We
carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) as of the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
and the oversight of our audit committee, has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022. In assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, our management used the framework established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). Based on that evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2022. 

Auditor s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

34 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth, as of the date of this report, the names and ages of our directors and executive officers, as well as the
principal offices and positions held by each person: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 

Geoffrey Andersen 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Jeffrey Klausner 
 
 51 
 
 Director 

Business
Experience 

The
following is a brief overview of the business experience of each of our directors and executive officers during at least the past five
years, including their principal occupations or employment during the period, the name and principal business of the organization by
which they were employed, and certain of their other directorships: 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Geoff
Andersen, age 59 

 Chief
Executive Officer 

Mr.
Andersen has as our Chief Executive Officer since December 8, 2022. Mr. Andersen retired from The John Deere Corporation in September
2020 after a 25-year career serving in multiple leadership and business development roles. Following retirement, Mr. Andersen has been
managing his investments in entrepreneurial companies, and securing his Florida real estate sales license. During this time, he also
served on the Opti-Harvest Advisory Board and has been active in supporting the company s development. Mr. Andersen has served
in leadership roles for multiple agricultural technology businesses including ARI Network Services (1989-1994), Harbinger Corporation
(1994-1995) and Agris Corporation (1995-1999). Agris was an agricultural retail software company acquired by John Deere under the InterAg
Technologies acquisition in 1999. Shortly after the acquisition, Mr. Andersen was appointed Director, John Deere Information Systems
(JDIS), and served in that role until 2006. JDIS is a for-profit software, hardware and networking services business supporting independent
John Deere dealers. He led John Deere s Frontier Equipment business until 2009. He then served in multiple international development
roles with the John Deere Citizenship group, and the company s Asia, Africa and India operations until his retirement. Mr. Andersen
has B.S. (1986) and M.S. (1987) degrees in Agricultural Economics from Kansas State University. 

Jeffrey
Klausner, age 51 

 Director 

Mr.
Klauser has served as a member of our Board of Directors since July 1, 2021. Mr. Klausner has more than 25 years of experience in finance,
accounting, compliance, capital markets and mergers and acquisitions. Since 2020 he has been Managing Director at Sherwood Partners, a
leading financial services advisory firm. Prior to joining Sherwood Partners, he was with Capital Brands from 2015 to 2020, most recently
as the Chief Financial Officer. Capital Brands is the manufacturer and distributor of the Magic Bullet and Nutribullet single serve blenders.
From 2013 to 2014 he was Chief Financial Officer for Digital Turbine (formerly Mandalay Digital) (Nasdaq: APPS), a leading independent
mobile growth platform, working with advertisers, publishers , carriers, and OEMs. He has also served as Chief Financial Officer
of InfoSonics from 2003 to 2010, a Nasdaq traded cell phone distributor and original design manufacturer for wireless handsets and accessories.
Mr. Klausner graduated from Tulane University s A.B. Freeman school of business with a Bachelor of Science in Management, and has
been a Certified Public Accountant in the state of California. Mr. Klausner s knowledge of and experience in accounting and finance
led to our conclusion that he should serve as a director. 

35 

Key
Employees 

The
following table sets forth, as of the date of this report, the names and ages of our key employees, as well as the principal offices
and positions held by each person: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 

Jonathan Destler 
 
 59 
 
 Founder and Head of Corporate
 Development 
 
 Nicholas Booth 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 
 Yosepha Shahak Ravid 
 
 73 
 
 Chief Science Officer 
 
 Jodd Readick 
 
 65 
 
 Chief Technology Officer,
 Precision Ag 
 
 Jeremy Basich 
 
 50 
 
 Vice President of Sales
 and Distribution 

Jonathan
Destler, age 59 

 Founder
and Head of Corporate Development 

Jonathan
Destler serves as our Founder and Head of Corporate Development. Mr. Destler served as our Chief Executive Officer, President and member
of our Board of Directors since our formation on June 20, 2016 until December 8, 2022. He also served as our Secretary from June 20,
2016 until January 5, 2023. Mr. Destler is a founder has served as President of Touchstone Advisors, Inc., a management consulting and
advisory firm, since 2008. He was also a co-founder of Financial Profiles, Inc., a leading west-coast based financial communications
agency, from 2007 to 2010). He also served as SVP, business development at LHA, a leading financial communications firm from 2004 to
2007). Previously, he was SVP and Director of Business Development at FRB/Weber Shandwick, a division The Interpublic Group, from 2001
to 2004), one of the world s premier advertising and marketing services companies. Mr. Destler began his career on Wall Street
as a private investor and financier assisting early stage companies with securing financing and formulating their capital and public
market strategies. 

Nicholas
Booth, age 51 

 Chief
Technology Officer 

Dr.
Nicholas Booth Ph.D. has served as our Chief Technical Officer since July 2021. Dr. Booth is a control person of DisperSolar LLC, and
from 2012-2021, was the Chief Technology Officer of DisperSolar LLC, a California-based Ag innovations startup company, and he is the
inventor of numerous optical, optomechanical systems currently within the Opti-Harvest portfolio. He currently oversees the design, development
and deployment of Opti-Harvest s light collection and delivery systems. From 2008 to 2012, he was Director of Research and Development
at ChromoLogic LLC responsible for product design, testing and development of innovative technologies for NASA, the Army, Navy and Air
Force. Dr. Booth holds a B.Sc. in Physics from the University of Newcastle Upon Tyne (UK), an M.Sc. in Surface Science and Engineering
from Loughborough University (UK), and a Ph.D. in Physics from Warwick University (UK). 

Yosepha
Shahak Ravid, age 73 

 Chief
Science Officer 

Dr.
Yosepha Shahak Ravid has served as our Chief Science Officer since July 2021. Dr. Shahak Ravid is a control person of DisperSolar LLC,
and from 2016-2021, served as the President of DisperSolar LLC, a California-based Ag innovations startup company. Dr. Shahak Ravid has
a prior academic career of over 50 years, specializing in the areas of plant biochemistry, physiology, and horticulture with emphasis
on plant-light-microclimate interactions and their implication on practical agriculture. She received her PhD (thesis on bioenergetics
of photosynthesis) in 1978 from the Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel; followed by a post-doctorate training in Brookhaven
National Lab, NY, USA; an independent Senior-scientist position at the Weizmann Institute of Science, Israel, for 10 years; and a Prof.
level Scientist at the Institute of Plant Sciences, Agriculture Research Organization (ARO), The Volcani Center, Israel, where she established
and headed a photo-biology research group for 25 years. Dr. Shahak Ravid additionally served in leading research management functions
in Israel, including Chair of Citriculture Department at the ARO; Scientific Director of the Northern Ag R D Center; the ARO Assistant
Director of all Israel Regional Ag R D Centers; Chair of numerous reviewing committees for the Ministry of Agriculture, and more.
Dr. Shahak Ravid spent several research sabbatical years in Brookhaven Lab, NY, and in UC-Davis, CA. She was an active member of the
International Society of Horticultural Science (ISHS) and was the organizer and convener of several international symposia and workshops
on Plastics in Agriculture, and on Photoselective Netting. 

36 

Jodd
Readick, age 65 

 Chief
Technology Officer, Precision Ag 

Jodd
Readick has served as a consultant and advisor to the company in the areas of AI and IoT since its inception in 2016. In July 2021, he
started serving as Chief Technology Officer Precision Agriculture. He created the IoT infrastructure for the company and oversees
the development of Opti-Harvest s next generation of products. Before joining Opti-Harvest, Mr. Readick was founder or Chief Executive
Officer of four innovative IoT, remote care and telecommunications companies, all built around technology innovations which he pioneered:
User Centric Communications - recognized by Deloitte as the 6th fastest growing high-tech firm in the New York region (1999-2018); Vumber.com
- an innovator in anonymous communications (2005-2010); LymeLog - chronic disease precision medicine tracking web app (2017-2019); and
DMI Communications - pioneer in prepaid calling (1994-2000). Mr. Readick has designed and managed IoT and telecom infrastructure systems
as an entrepreneur and as an executive with DuPont, leading a unit responsible for Rapid Iterative Prototyping, where he was a pioneer
in what s become known as Agile Product Development (1984 1989). Mr. Readick has designed a wide array of IoT, expert systems
and telecom systems that transmit and analyze data to improve treatment of chronic diseases, to improve telephone security, to automate
debt collection and optimize music sampling and music promotion. Mr. Readick s entry to IoT was shaped by decades of experience
in wired and then wireless communications, serving as the telecommunications subject matter expert for Arthur Anderson working on due
diligence and M A projects with companies such as Samsung, MCI and NextWave Wireless (1997 2003), as advisor to Wells Fargo
(1996) on call center architecture, for NYNEX Mobile on routing systems (1985). Since 2017 Mr. Readick has been an angel investor and
advised and served on the Board of Advisors for small innovative IoT, AI, remote care, and mobile communications companies, advising
them on their infrastructure, user experience and the usability of their AI interfaces, where he is named as an inventor on several their
patents. Mr. Readick holds a BA in Psychology from Stony Brook University with an emphasis in Artificial Intelligence (1979). 

Jeremy
Basich, age 50 

 Vice
President of Sales and Distribution 

Mr.
Basich has served as our Vice President of Sales and Distribution since January 2022. From January 2021 to December 2021, Mr. Basich
was the Director of Member Relations with Blue Diamond Growers. In addition to his professional role, he is a consultant with GLG Gerson
Lehrman Coleman Group. From 2016-2020 Mr. Basich was the VP of Marketing and Operations for JSS Almonds, a privately held almond
processor and marketer in Kern County. From 2011-2015 Mr. Basich was the Chief Facilities Officer for Agri-Care, a professional farm
services company in which he was responsible for all operational compliance, facilities strategy, profit, and management. He began his
career with Costco in 1990. From there he rose into corporate Fresh Produce buying, and summarily was recruited to Wal-Mart corporate
offices responsible for fresh meat purchasing for a billion-dollar category. He has financial training from the Walton Business School
and has been on various farm advisors boards over the last decade. 

Director
Qualifications 

We
believe that our directors should have the highest professional and personal ethics and values, consistent with our values and standards.
They should have broad experience at the policy-making level in business or banking. They should be committed to enhancing stockholder
value and should have sufficient time to carry out their duties and to provide insight and practical wisdom based on experience. Their
service on other boards of public companies should be limited to a number that permits them, given their individual circumstances, to
perform responsibly all director duties for us. Each director must represent the interests of all stockholders. When considering potential
director candidates, the Board also considers the candidate s character, judgment, diversity, age and skills, including financial
literacy and experience in the context of our needs and the needs of the Board. 

37 

Director
Independence 

The
Board of Directors periodically reviews relationships that directors have with our company to determine whether the directors are independent.
Directors are considered independent as long as they do not accept any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee (other
than director fees) from us, are not an affiliated person of our company or our subsidiaries (e.g., an officer or a greater than 10 
stockholder) and are independent within the meaning of applicable United States laws, regulations and the Nasdaq Capital Market listing
rules. In this latter regard, the Board of Directors uses the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules (specifically, Section 5605(a)(2) of such rules)
as a benchmark for determining which, if any, of our directors are independent, solely in order to comply with applicable SEC disclosure
rules. 

The
Board of Directors has determined that our sole director, Jeffrey Klausner, is independent within the meaning of the Nasdaq Marketplace
Rules cited above. We believe Jeffrey Klausner is also an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined by listing standards
of the national securities exchanges and SEC rules, including the rules relating to the independence standards of an audit committee
and the non-employee director definition of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Director
or Officer Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our
directors and executive officers were not involved in any legal proceedings as described in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past
ten years. 

Family
Relationships and Other Arrangements 

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

None
of our directors or executive officers was selected to serve in their respective roles pursuant to any arrangement or understanding between
such director or executive officer and any person. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has established an audit committee and a compensation committee. The composition and responsibilities of each committee
of our board of directors are described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined
by our board of directors. Our board of directors may establish other committees as it deems necessary or appropriate from time to time. 

Although
each committee is directly responsible for evaluating certain enumerated risks and overseeing the management of such risks, the entire
board of directors is generally responsible for and is regularly informed through committee reports about such risks and any corresponding
remediation efforts designed to mitigate such risks. This enables the board of directors and its committees to coordinate the risk oversight
role. 

Audit
Committee 

The
sole member of our audit committee is Jeffrey Klausner, who also chairs the audit committee. The audit committee s main function
is to oversee our accounting and financial reporting processes, internal systems of control, independent registered public accounting
firm relationships and the audits of our financial statements. The committee s responsibilities include, among other things: 

approve and
 retain the independent auditors to conduct the annual audit of our financial statements; 

a review the proposed scope
 and results of the audit; 

Review accounting and financial
 controls with the independent auditors and our financial and accounting staff; 

Review and approve transactions
 between us and our directors, officers and affiliates; 

Recognize and prevent prohibited
 non-audit services; and 

38 

Establish procedures
 for complaints received by us regarding accounting matters; and oversee internal audit functions, if any. 

All
audit and non-audit services, other than de minimis non-audit services, to be provided to us by our independent registered public accounting
firm must be approved in advance by our audit committee. 

The
audit committee operates under a written charter that will satisfy the applicable standards of the SEC and Nasdaq and which will be available
on our website prior to the completion of our initial public offering at www.opti-harvest.com. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
sole member of our compensation committee is Jeffrey Klausner, who chairs the compensation committee. The primary purpose of our compensation
committee is to discharge the responsibilities of our board of directors also in overseeing our compensation policies, plans and programs
and to review and determine the compensation to be paid to our executive officers, directors and other senior management, as appropriate.
Specific responsibilities of our compensation committee include, among other things: 

review and
 determine the compensation arrangements for management; 

establish and review general
 compensation policies with the objective to attract and retain superior talent, to reward individual performance and to achieve our
 financial goals; 

administer our stock incentive
 and purchase plans; 

oversee the evaluation
 of the Board and management; and 

review the independence
 of any compensation advisers engaged by the compensation committee. 

Mr.
Klausner is a non-employee director, as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act and an outside director, as defined
pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. 

With
respect to director compensation, our compensation committee is responsible for reviewing the compensation paid to members of the board
and recommending modifications to board compensation that the compensation committee determines are appropriate and advisable to the
board for its approval from time to time. In this regard, the compensation committee may request that management report to the compensation
committee periodically on the status of the board s compensation in relation to other similarly situated companies. The compensation
committee operates under a written charter that will satisfy the applicable standards of the SEC and Nasdaq and which will be available
on our website prior to the completion of our initial public offering at www.opti-harvest.com. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

Since
we do not have a nominating and corporate governance committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been
performed by such committee are performed by our directors. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our directors or executive officers serves as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any other entity that
has one or more of its executive officers serving as a member of our board of directors. 

Corporate
Governance 

We
are committed to having sound corporate governance principles, which are essential to running our business efficiently and maintaining
our integrity in the marketplace. We understand that corporate governance practices change and evolve over time, and we seek to adopt
and use practices that we believe will be of value to our stockholders and will positively aid in the governance of our company. To that
end, we regularly review our corporate governance policies and practices and compare them to the practices of other peer institutions
and public companies. 

39 

We
will continue to monitor emerging developments in corporate governance and enhance our policies and procedures when required or when
our board determines that it would benefit our Company and our stockholders. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a written code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees in accordance with the rules of the
Nasdaq Capital Market and the SEC. We have posted a copy of our code of ethics on our website and intend to post amendments to this code,
or any waivers of its requirements, as well. 

Stockholder
Communications With the Board of Directors 

We
have not implemented a formal policy or procedure by which our stockholders can communicate directly with our board of directors. Nevertheless,
every effort has been made to ensure that the views of stockholders are heard by the board of directors or individual directors, as applicable,
and that appropriate responses are provided to stockholders in a timely manner. We believe that we are responsive to stockholder communications,
and therefore have not considered it necessary to adopt a formal process for stockholder communications with our Board. During the upcoming
year, our board of directors will continue to monitor whether it would be appropriate to adopt such a process. 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have no employment agreements with any of our directors. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

We
comply with applicable state law with respect to transactions (including business opportunities) involving potential conflicts. Applicable
state corporate law requires that all transactions involving our company and any director or executive officer (or other entities with
which they are affiliated) are subject to full disclosure and approval of the majority of the disinterested independent members of our
Board of Directors, approval of the majority of our stockholders or the determination that the contract or transaction is intrinsically
fair to us. More particularly, our policy is to have any related party transactions i.e. , transactions involving a director,
an officer or an affiliate of our company) be approved solely by a majority of the disinterested independent directors serving on the
Board of Directors. We expect to have at least three independent directors serving on the Board of Directors and intend to maintain a
Board of Directors consisting of a majority of independent directors. 

Indemnification
of Directors and Executive Officers 

Section
145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides for, under certain circumstances, the indemnification of our officers, directors,
employees and agents against liabilities that they may incur in such capacities. Below is a summary of the circumstances in which such
indemnification is provided. 

In
general, the statute provides that any director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation may be indemnified against expenses (including
attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement, actually and reasonably incurred in a proceeding (including
any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative proceeding) to which the individual was a party by reason of such status. Such indemnity
may be provided if the indemnified person s actions resulting in the liabilities: (i) were taken in good faith; (ii) were reasonably
believed to have been in or not opposed to our best interests; and (iii) with respect to any criminal action, such person had no reasonable
cause to believe the actions were unlawful. Unless ordered by a court, indemnification generally may be awarded only after a determination
of independent members of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof, by independent legal counsel or by vote of the stockholders
that the applicable standard of conduct was met by the individual to be indemnified. 

The
statutory provisions further provide that to the extent a director, officer, employee or agent is wholly successful on the merits or
otherwise in defense of any proceeding to which he or she was a party, he or she is entitled to receive indemnification against expenses,
including attorneys fees, actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the proceeding. 

40 

Indemnification
in connection with a proceeding by us or in our right in which the director, officer, employee or agent is successful is permitted only
with respect to expenses, including attorneys fees actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the defense. In such actions,
the person to be indemnified must have acted in good faith, in a manner believed to have been in our best interests and must not have
been adjudged liable to us, unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought
shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability, in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person
is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expense which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Indemnification
is otherwise prohibited in connection with a proceeding brought on our behalf in which a director is adjudged liable to us, or in connection
with any proceeding charging improper personal benefit to the director in which the director is adjudged liable for receipt of an improper
personal benefit. 

Delaware
law authorizes us to reimburse or pay reasonable expenses incurred by a director, officer, employee or agent in connection with a proceeding
in advance of a final disposition of the matter. Such advances of expenses are permitted if the person furnishes to us a written agreement
to repay such advances if it is determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by us. 

The
statutory section cited above further specifies that any provisions for indemnification of or advances for expenses does not exclude
other rights under our certificate of incorporation, by-laws, resolutions of our stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.
These indemnification provisions continue for a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation
and inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such persons. 

The
statutory provision cited above also grants us the power to purchase and maintain insurance policies that protect any director, officer,
employee or agent against any liability asserted against or incurred by him or her in such capacity arising out of his or her status
as such. Such policies may provide for indemnification whether or not the corporation would otherwise have the power to provide for it. 

Our
bylaws include an indemnification provision under which we have the power to indemnify our directors, officers, former directors and
officers, employees and other agents (including heirs and personal representatives) against all costs, charges and expenses actually
and reasonably incurred, including an amount paid to settle an action or satisfy a judgment to which a director or officer is made a
party by reason of being or having been a director or officer of the Company. Our bylaws further provide for the advancement of all expenses
incurred in connection with a proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay such amounts if it is
determined that the party is not entitled to be indemnified under our bylaws. No advance will be made by the Company to a party if it
is determined that the party is acting in bad faith. These indemnification rights are contractual, and as such will continue as to a person
who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or other agent, and will inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators
of such a person. 

41 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth information concerning all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the named persons
for services rendered in all capacities during the noted periods. No other executive officers received total annual salary and bonus
compensation in excess of 100,000. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Option Awards (1) 
 Stock Awards (2) 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Geoffrey Andersen 
 2022 
 16,116 
 - 
 989,996 
 150,000 
 - 
 1,156,112 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (4) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Steve Handy 
 2022 
 220,834 
 - 
 219,661 
 75,000 
 7,481 
 522,976 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director of Operations (6)(7)(8) 
 2021 
 123,016 
 20,000 
 461,825 
 - 
 3,271 
 608,112 

Jonathan Destler 
 2022 
 254,125 
 - 
 - 
 75,000 
 27,476 
 356,601 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Head of Corporate Development (3) 
 2021 
 204,167 
 30,000 
 6,797,473 
 - 
 31,675 
 7,063,315 

Don Danks 
 2022 
 72,000 
 - 
 - 
 75,000 
 - 
 147,000 
 
 President (5) 
 2021 
 72,000 
 10,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 82,000 

(1)
In 2022, the amounts represent the fair value for 339,300 stock options granted to Mr. Andersen, and 67,860 stock options to Mr. Handy,
as part of their employment agreements. In 2021, the amounts represent the fair value for 2,714,400 stock options granted to Mr. Destler,
and 203,580 stock options granted to Mr. Handy. The awards are calculated on the date of grant in accordance with Financial Accounting
Standards. 

(2)
In 2022, the amounts represent the fair value for 33,930 restricted stock units RSU granted to Mr. Andersen, and 19,965
RSUs granted to each Mr. Destler, Mr. Handy, and Mr. Danks during 2022. No RSUs were granted in 2021. The awards are calculated on the
date of grant in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards. 

(3)
In 2022, the amounts listed under the column entitled All Other Compensation in the Summary Compensation Table for the
year ended December 31, 2022, include matching contributions of 10,120 to our 401(k) Plan, and approximately 17,356 of automobile related
expenses. In 2021, include payments of 16,897 for health insurance premiums on behalf of the named executive officer s dependents,
matching contributions of 5,825 to our 401(k) Plan, and approximately 8,953 of automobile related expenses. 

(4)
Effective December 8, 2022, Mr. Andersen was hired as our Chief Executive Officer. 

(5)
On October 8, 2021, Mr. Danks resigned as our President and as a member of our Board of Directors. Mr. Danks did not resign due to any
disagreement with us on any matter relating to our operations, policies, or practices. Mr. Danks remained employed by us, until he resigned
as an employee of the Company on January 9, 2023. 

(6)
Effective May 17, 2021, Mr. Handy was hired as our Chief Financial Officer and Director of Operations. 

(7)
For 2022, the amounts listed under the column entitled All Other Compensation in the Summary Compensation Table, include
matching contributions of 7,481 to our 401(k) Plan. For 2021, the amounts include matching contributions of 3,271 to our 401(k) Plan. 

(8)
Effective April 7, 2023, Mr. Handy resigned as our Chief Financial Officer and Director of Operations. 

Employment
Agreements, Termination of Employment, Change-in-Control Arrangements 

Geoffrey
Andersen, Chief Executive Officer 

We
and Geoffrey Andersen entered into an Employment Agreement (the Andersen Agreement ), dated December 8, 2022, which provides
for an annual base salary of 250,000 for per annum, for a term of two years. The Andersen Agreement granted Mr. Andersen an option to
purchase 339,300 shares of common stock (the Option Shares under our 2022 Stock Incentive Plan, at an exercise price of
 4.42 per share, for a term to expire on December 8, 2027, and where 28,275 Option Shares vest monthly over a twelve (12) month period
beginning on December 8, 2022. In the event that the Company raises 5,000,000 or more in cash in a single transaction through the sale
of equity or debt securities, the Mr. Andersen shall receive an annual base salary 325,000 on an annualized basis. In connection with
the Andersen Agreement, the Company granted 33,930 restricted stock units, which expire (i) on December 13, 2023, (ii) in the event that
the Company raises 5,000,000 or more in cash in a single transaction through the sale of equity or debt securities, (iii) a merger,
asset sale, share exchange or other business combination transaction, or (iv) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete
liquidation or dissolution of the Company other than in connection with the transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company to an affiliate or a subsidiary of the Company. 

Mr.
Andersen is also entitled to participate in our employee benefit programs and provide for other customary benefits. Finally, the Andersen
Agreement prohibits Mr. Andersen from engaging in certain activities which compete with us, seeking to recruit its employees, or disclose
any of its trade secrets or otherwise confidential information. 

42 

Mr.
Andersen is entitled to receive severance benefits upon termination of employment with us. Mr. Andersen s entitlement to such severance
benefits shall be conditioned upon Mr. Andersen s execution and delivery to us of (i) a general release of all claims, (ii) a resignation
from all of Mr. Andersen s positions with us and (iii) an agreement not to directly or indirectly be employed or involved with
any business developing or exploiting any products or services that are competitive with products or services (a) being commercially
developed or exploited by us during Mr. Andersen s employment and (b) on which Mr. Andersen worked or about which Mr. Andersen
learned proprietary information or trade secrets of us during Mr. Andersen s employment with us. 

If
Mr. Andersen voluntarily elects to terminate his employment with us other than by Mr. Andersen s resignation for good reason or
if we terminate Mr. Andersen s employment for cause, or Mr. Andersen dies or becomes incapacitated or otherwise disabled in such
a manner that, in the sole determination of our board of directors, Mr. Andersen cannot reasonably perform the duties to us, then Mr.
Andersen shall not be entitled to receive payment of any severance benefits. Mr. Andersen will receive payment for all salary and unpaid
vacation accrued as of the date of Mr. Andersen s termination of employment and Mr. Andersen s benefits will be continued
solely to the extent of our then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date
of termination. 

If
Mr. Andersen s employment is terminated by us without cause or by Mr. Andersen s resignation for good reason prior to or
more than 12 months after, a change of control, Mr. Andersen will receive payment for all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the
date of Mr. Andersen s termination of employment, and, in addition, Mr. Andersen will be entitled to receive the following severance
benefits: 

(i)
continued payment of his base salary for a period of 12 months following the date of termination, in accordance with our normal payroll
practices; 

(ii)
reimbursement of his premium cost for continuation coverage for the lesser of the first 12 months of continuation coverage or that number
of months until Mr. Andersen becomes eligible for reasonably comparable benefits under any future employer s health insurance plan,
provided Mr. Andersen makes a timely election for such continuation coverage and presents reasonably requested documentation of payment
of such premiums; 

(iii)
payment of 100 of Mr. Andersen s current year discretionary cash bonus; 

(iv)
accelerated vesting as to 50 of Mr. Andersen s then unvested option shares; and 

(v)
reimbursement for up to 20,000 of expenses incurred in obtaining new employment, provided Mr. Andersen submits evidence that is satisfactory
to us that the amount involved was expended and related to obtaining new employment. 

If
Mr. Andersen s employment is terminated by us without cause or by Mr. Andersen s resignation for good reason in either case
within 12 months following a change of control, Mr. Andersen will receive payment for all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the
date of Mr. Andersen s termination of employment, and, in addition, Mr. Andersen will be entitled to receive the following severance
benefits: 

(i)
continued payment of his base salary for a period of 18 months following the date of termination, in accordance with our normal payroll
practices; 

(ii)
reimbursement of his premium cost for continuation coverage for the lesser of the first 18 months of continuation coverage or that number
of months until Mr. Andersen becomes eligible for reasonably comparable benefits under any future employer s health insurance plan,
provided Mr. Andersen makes a timely election for such continuation coverage and presents reasonably requested documentation of payment
of such premiums; 

(iii)
payment of 150 of Mr. Andersen s current year discretionary cash bonus regardless of our or Mr. Andersen s achievement of
the goals referred to in his employment agreement; 

(iv)
accelerated vesting of 100 of all the unvested stock options; and 

43 

(v)
reimbursement for up to 50,000 of expenses incurred in obtaining new employment, provided Mr. Andersen submits evidence that is satisfactory
to us that the amount involved was expended and related to obtaining new employment. 

Steve
Handy, Chief Financial Officer, Director of Operations 

Effective
May 9, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Steve Handy to serve as its Chief Financial Officer and Director of Operations
(the CFO Agreement ). The term of employment pursuant to the CFO Agreement is twenty-four months. Mr. Handy s base
salary is 220,000 per annum during the first year of the term and 231,000 during the second year of the term, with 5 annual increases
and bonuses at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The CFO Agreement granted Mr. Handy an option to purchase 67,860 shares of common
stock (the Option Shares under our 2022 Stock Incentive Plan, at an exercise price of 2.00 per share, for a term to expire
on May 9, 2027, and where 2,828 Option Shares vest monthly over a twenty-four (24) month period beginning on May 9, 2021. Mr. Handy is
entitled to receive a severance payment of 100,000 if terminated by us without cause. Mr. Handy is entitled to participate in our employee
benefit programs and provide for other customary benefits and is prohibited from engaging in certain activities which compete with us,
seek to recruit its employees, or disclose any of its trade secrets or otherwise confidential information. The CFO Agreement replaced
our prior employment agreement with Mr. Handy. The prior agreement provided for a base salary of 200,000 per annum and granted Mr. Handy
an option to purchase 203,580 shares of common stock (the Option Shares under our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, at an exercise
price of 2.95 per share, for a term to expire on May 17, 2031, and where 16,965 Option Shares vest monthly over a twelve (12) month
period beginning on May 17, 2021. 

Jonathon
Destler, Head of Corporate Development 

We
and Jonathan Destler entered into an Employment Agreement (the Destler Agreement dated December 17, 2018, and as amended
on March 31, 2021, which provides for an annual base salary of 250,000 for per annum. The salary will increase by 7 on November 1 of
each year, based on the salary due in the year prior to each such 7 increase. 

The
Destler Agreement also grants to Mr. Destler an option, dated March 31, 2021, to purchase 2,714,400 shares of common stock under the
Company s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, at an exercise price of 2.95 per share, for a term to expire on April 1, 2031, and where
56,550 shares underlying the option vest monthly, beginning on May 1, 2021. 

Mr.
Destler shall be granted 678,600 shares of our common stock upon our listing of common stock on any market of the Nasdaq or New York
Stock Exchange. Mr. Destler may, in his sole discretion, be granted any part of or all such 678,600 shares in the form of a warrant or
option, exercisable at 0.001 per share, for the purchase of 678,600 shares of our common stock, for a term of five (5) years. Mr. Destler s
grant of and right to such 678,600 shares is conditioned upon and subject to Mr. Destler being an employee, officer or director of the
Company at the time that the Company s shares of common stock are listed on the Nasdaq or New York Stock Exchange. 

The
Destler Agreement also provides for cash bonus(es), payable to Mr. Destler, equal to 10 of first 1,000,000 of our gross profits, 8 
of the second 1,000,000 of our gross profits, 6 of the third 1,000,000 of our gross profits, 4 of the fourth 1,000,000 of our gross
profits, and 2 of all of our gross profits in excess of 4,000,000. In lieu of any cash payment due to Mr. Destler as a bonus, Mr. Destler,
may in his sole discretion, elect to receive shares of our common stock of the Company, valued at 0.75 per share. 

The
Destler Agreement also provides for a cash fee, payable to Mr. Destler, (i) equal to 3 (the Transaction Fee of the aggregate
value of any sale of all or a substantial amount of the assets or the capital stock of us, any sale, merger, consolidation or other event
which results in the transfer of control of or a material interest in us or of all or a substantial amount of the assets of us, provided,
however, in no event shall the Transaction Fee be less than 750,000, and (ii) equal to 6 (the Licensing Transaction Fee of the aggregate value of any license, partnership or co-promotional agreement, joint venture, alliance, reselling agreement, development
agreement and any other such transaction in which we transfer any rights to our technology or intellectual property where the aggregate
licensing value is greater than 5,000,000, provided, however, that in no event shall the License Transaction Fee be less than 750,000. 

44 

The
Destler Agreement also obligates us to pay for Mr. Destler s costs related to his reasonable monthly cell phone and other mobile
Internet costs, home office Internet costs, car and commuting costs not to exceed 1,000 per month, and club membership costs, all of
which are payable not later than 10 days after the end of each month. Mr. Destler is also entitled to participate in our employee benefit
programs and provide for other customary benefits. Finally, the Destler Agreement prohibits Mr. Destler from engaging in certain activities
which compete with us, seek to recruit its employees, or disclose any of its trade secrets or otherwise confidential information. 

Mr.
Destler is entitled to receive severance benefits upon termination of employment with us. Mr. Destler s entitlement to such severance
benefits shall be conditioned upon Mr. Destler s execution and delivery to us of (i) a general release of all claims, (ii) a resignation
from all of Mr. Destler s positions with us and (iii) an agreement not to directly or indirectly be employed or involved with any
business developing or exploiting any products or services that are competitive with products or services (a) being commercially developed
or exploited by us during Mr. Destler s employment and (b) on which Mr. Destler worked or about which Mr. Destler learned proprietary
information or trade secrets of us during Mr. Destler s employment with us. 

If
Mr. Destler voluntarily elects to terminate his employment with us other than by Mr. Destler s resignation for good reason or if
we terminate Mr. Destler s employment for cause, or Mr. Destler dies or becomes incapacitated or otherwise disabled in such a manner
that, in the sole determination of our board of directors, Mr. Destler cannot reasonably perform the duties to us, then Mr. Destler shall
not be entitled to receive payment of any severance benefits. Mr. Destler will receive payment for all salary and unpaid vacation accrued
as of the date of Mr. Destler s termination of employment and Mr. Destler s benefits will be continued solely to the extent
of our then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date of termination. 

If
Mr. Destler s employment is terminated by us without cause or by Mr. Destler s resignation for good reason prior to or more
than 12 months after, a change of control, Mr. Destler will receive payment for all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date
of Mr. Destler s termination of employment, and, in addition, Mr. Destler will be entitled to receive the following severance benefits: 

(i)
continued payment of his base salary for a period of 12 months following the date of termination, in accordance with our normal payroll
practices; 

(ii)
reimbursement of his premium cost for continuation coverage for the lesser of the first 12 months of continuation coverage or that number
of months until Mr. Destler becomes eligible for reasonably comparable benefits under any future employer s health insurance plan,
provided Mr. Destler makes a timely election for such continuation coverage and presents reasonably requested documentation of payment
of such premiums; 

(iii)
payment of 100 of Mr. Destler s current year discretionary cash bonus; 

(iv)
accelerated vesting as to 50 of Mr. Destler s then unvested option shares; and 

(v)
reimbursement for up to 100,000 of expenses incurred in obtaining new employment, provided Mr. Destler submits evidence that is satisfactory
to us that the amount involved was expended and related to obtaining new employment. 

If
Mr. Destler s employment is terminated by us without cause or by Mr. Destler s resignation for good reason in either case
within 12 months following a change of control, Mr. Destler will receive payment for all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the
date of Mr. Destler s termination of employment, and, in addition, Mr. Destler will be entitled to receive the following severance
benefits: 

(i)
continued payment of his base salary for a period of 18 months following the date of termination, in accordance with our normal payroll
practices; 

(ii)
reimbursement of his premium cost for continuation coverage for the lesser of the first 18 months of continuation coverage or that number
of months until Mr. Destler becomes eligible for reasonably comparable benefits under any future employer s health insurance plan,
provided Mr. Destler makes a timely election for such continuation coverage and presents reasonably requested documentation of payment
of such premiums; 

45 

(iii)
payment of 150 of Mr. Destler s current year discretionary cash bonus regardless of our or Mr. Destler s achievement of
the goals referred to in his employment agreement; 

(iv)
accelerated vesting of 100 of all the unvested stock options; and 

(v)
reimbursement for up to 50,000 of expenses incurred in obtaining new employment, provided Mr. Destler submits evidence that is satisfactory
to us that the amount involved was expended and related to obtaining new employment. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

2016
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
June 20, 2016, we adopted our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan allowing the issuance of 1,000,000 shares. On
July 13, 2021, our Board of Directors increased the number of common shares authorized to be issued under the 2016 Plan to 7,000,000
shares. The 2016 Plan is for officers, employees, non-employee members of the Board of Directors, and consultants of the Company. The
2016 Plan authorizes the granting of not more than 7,000,000 restricted shares, stock appreciation rights SAR s ),
and incentive and non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. The 2016 Plan provided that stock
options or SAR s granted can be exercisable immediately as of the effective date of the applicable agreement, or in accordance
with a schedule or performance criteria as may be set in the applicable agreement. The exercise price for non-qualified stock options
or SAR s would be the amount specified in the agreement, but shall not be less than the fair value of the Company s common
stock at the date of the grant. The maximum term of options and SARs granted under the 2016 Plan is ten years. As of December 31, 2020,
no restricted shares, SAR s, and incentive and non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock
options had been issued. The 2016 Plan has expired. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we granted a total of 2,917,980 stock options to our executive officers related to their employment
agreements, as discussed below. 

2022
Stock Incentive Plan 

On
May 17, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved our 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ). Pursuant to
the terms of the 2022 Plan, the maximum number of shares of common stock available for the grant of awards under the 2022 Plan shall
not exceed 15,000,000. The Plan is for officers, employees, non-employee members of the Board of Directors, and consultants of the Company.
The Plan provides for the grant of options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, SAR s, performance awards, other stock-based
awards and dividend equivalents, or any combination of the foregoing. 

46 

The
following table sets forth information regarding unexercised options and equity incentive plan awards for each Named Executive Officer
outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 

Name and Position 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexrcisable (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 Geoffrey Andersen 

(Chief Executive Officer) (A) 
 - 
 339,300 
 339,300 
 4.42 
 12/8/2027 

848 
 2,545 
 2,545 
 4.42 
 9/30/2027 

16,965 
 - 
 - 
 2.95 
 7/15/2027 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 33,930 
 150,000 

Jonathan Destler (Head of Corporate Development) (B) 
 1,074,450 
 1,342,950 
 1,342,150 
 2.95 
 3/21/2031 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

16,965 
 75,000 

Steve Handy 

(Chief Financial Officer) (C) 
 203,580 
 203,580 
 - 
 2.95 
 5/21/2031 

19,791 
 48,069 
 48,069 
 2.95 
 5/12/2027 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

16,965 
 75,000 

(A) 
 Per Mr. Andersen s
 employment agreement, we granted to Mr. Andersen an option to purchase 339,300 shares of common stock under our 2022 Equity Incentive
 Plan, at an exercise price of 4.42 per share, for a term to expire on December 8, 2027, and where 28,275 Option Shares vest monthly
 over a twelve (12) month period beginning on December 8, 2022. 

(B) 
 Per Mr. Destler s
 employment agreement, we granted to Mr. Destler an option to purchase 2,714,400 shares of common stock under the Company s
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, at an exercise price of 2.95 per share, for a term to expire on April 1, 2031, and where 56,550 shares
 underlying the option vest monthly, beginning on May 1, 2021. 

(C) 
 In 2021, per Mr. Handy s
 employment agreement, we granted to Mr. Handy an option to purchase 203,580 shares of common stock under our 2016 Equity Incentive
 Plan, at an exercise price of 2.95 per share, for a term to expire on May 17, 2031, and where 16,965 Option Shares vest monthly
 over a twelve (12) month period beginning on May 17, 2021. In 2022, per Mr. Handy s employment agreement, we granted to Mr.
 Handy an option to purchase 67,860 shares of common stock under our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, at an exercise price of 2.95 per
 share, for a term to expire on May 17, 2027, and where 2,828 Option Shares vest monthly over a twenty-four (24) month period beginning
 on May 17, 2022. 

47 

2022
Director Compensation 

The
following table summarizes the compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our non-employee director for the year ended December 31,
2022: 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards (1) 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Jeffrey Klausner (2) 
 28,000 
 45,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 73,000 

(1) 
 The amount represents 10,179
 shares of our common stock at the fair value of stock awards granted during the year. The award is calculated on the date of grant
 in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards. 

(2) 
 On July 1, 2021, Mr. Klausner
 was appointed to our Board of Directors and is our audit committee chair. 

Effective
July 1, 2021, we pay each non-executive director 5,000 per calendar quarter of service (with an additional 2,000 payment per quarter
made to our audit committee chair, if also a director), and, at the election of each director, an equity grant of common stock or an
option to purchase common stock, or any combination thereof. If a director elects to receive an option, the exercise price of the option
shall be equal to the weighted average closing price of the last 15 trading days of the applicable calendar quarter. If our shares of
common stock are not trading on a market, the exercise price shall be equal to the same price of our securities in any offering being
made, if any, on the day at the end of the applicable calendar quarter, and if there is no such offering, the last offering price of
our securities in its last offering. Any option granted shall have a term of five-years and vest on the date they are granted. 

The
Company did not enter into any termination of employment during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
December 23, 2022, the Company entered into a change-in-control arrangements with its former Chief Executive Officer and former director,
Jonathan Destler. 

Litigation
against Jonathan Destler, our former Chief Executive Officer and former director, and Don Danks, a former director 

On
September 30, 2022, a Complaint (the Complaint ), captioned Securities and Exchange Commission vs. David Stephens,
Donald Linn Danks, Jonathan Destler and Robert Lazarus, and Daniel Solomita and 8198381 Canada, Inc., as relief defendants, Case No.
 22CV1483AJB DEB, was filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of California. In general, the Complaint
alleges that Jonathan Destler, a co-founder and our former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and a current employee, and Donald
Danks, a co-founder, former director, and a former employee, were part of a control group that committed securities fraud in
connection with the purchase and sale of securities of Loop Industries, Inc., a Nasdaq-listed company. 

On
November 22, 2022, an Indictment (the Indictment ), captioned United States of America v. David Stephens, Donald Danks,
Jonathan Destler and Robert Lazarus, Case No. 22CR2701 BAS, was filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of
California. In general, the Indictment alleges that Mr. Destler and Mr. Danks conspired to and committed securities fraud, based on the
same allegations in the Complaint. The indictment also alleges that Donald Danks engaged in money laundering. 

Furthermore,
the Complaint and the Indictment allege that Mr. Destler and Mr. Danks were part of a control group consisting of four other persons
(David Stephens, Jonathan Destler, Don Danks and Robert Lazarus) who used a third person to make an unregistered offering of securities.
The third person is a deceased former-stockholder of Opti-Harvest, whose Opti-Harvest shares are now held by his estate. 

Transfer
of Voting Control of Mr. Destler s Opti-Harvest Shares to Opti-Harvest 

Although
Mr. Destler has denied to Opti-Harvest the claims made against them in the Complaint and the Indictment, Mr. Destler agreed to resign
his positions as a director, Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary with Opti-Harvest, and transfer voting control (while retaining
ownership) of his shares of common stock and Series A Preferred Stock, to the board of directors of Opti-Harvest. Accordingly, Jeffrey
Klausner, Opti-Harvest s, sole director is the sole trustee of a Voting Trust Agreement, dated December 23, 2022, by and among
Opti-Harvest, Inc., Mr. Destler, entities Mr. Destler controls, Mr. Destler s spouse, and Mr. Klausner, pursuant to which Mr. Klausner,
on behalf of Opti-Harvest, votes Mr. Destler s shares of common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. 

48 

It
should be noted that the term Trust in the title Voting Trust Agreement is used for naming convention only,
and no trust, as an entity, has been created in connection with the Voting Trust Agreement. Accordingly, Mr. Klausner, as the trustee
under the Voting Trust, does not owe any fiduciary duty to Mr. Destler, his affiliated entities, or his spouse, under the Voting Trust
Agreement. Mr. Klausner s sole duty under the Voting Trust Agreement is to vote Mr. Destler s beneficial ownership in Opti-Harvest
securities. 

Under
the Voting Trust Agreement, Mr. Destler had agreed and consented to the appointment of any member of our board of directors to be appointed
a trustee under the Voting Trust Agreement. Therefore, future members of our board of directors may become a trustee under the Voting
Trust Agreement. Whether any future member of our board of directors may become a trustee under the Voting Trust Agreement would depend
on whether any such new director would want to and agree to becoming a trustee under the Voting Trust Agreement. 

The
Voting Trust Agreement terminates on the first to occur of (i) final disposition of the proceedings related to the Complaint and the
Indictment, or (ii) mutual agreement of Opti-Harvest and Mr. Destler. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table lists, as of December 31, 2022, the number of shares of our common stock that are beneficially owned by: 

(i) 
 
 each
 person or entity known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; 
 
 (ii) 
 
 each
 named executive officer and director of our Company; and 
 
 (iii) 
 
 all
 executive officers and directors as a group. 

Information
relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal stockholders and management is based upon information furnished by
each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these
rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power
to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose of or direct the disposition of
the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security, of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial
ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner
of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary
beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power. 

The
percentages of common stock prior to the offering are calculated based on shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of
the date of this prospectus. Percentages of common stock after the offering are calculated based on 25,748,835 shares of common
stock issued and outstanding after our initial public offering (assuming no exercise of the over-allotment option) and based on an
assumed public offering price of 4.00 per unit, which is the midpoint of the estimated offering range set forth on the cover page
of this prospectus. 

We
have outstanding warrants, options, and one (1) share of Series A preferred stock, convertible into shares of our common stock. 

49 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that each person named in the table below has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owners (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 Percent of Common Stock 
 
 5 Stockholders 

Touchstone Holding Company LLC (2) 
 3,450,681 
 14.5 
 
 Destler Family Trust (2) 
 1,696,500 
 7.1 
 
 Vertical Leap Advisors LLC (2) 
 11,876 

Allan P Brennan (5) 
 1,200,896 
 5.1 

Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Jonathan Destler (2)(6)(7) 
 6,397,219 
 25.8 
 
 Steve Handy (3) 
 229,028 

Geoff Andersen (4) 
 91,894 

Jeffrey Klausner 
 35,627 

All executive officers and directors as a group (4 individuals) 
 6,753,768 
 27.2 

Less than 1 .______________ 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise specified,
 the address of each of the persons set forth above is in care of Opti-Harvest, Inc., at the address of: 1801 Century Park East, Suite
 520, Los Angeles, California 90067. 

(2) 
 Shares held in trust for
 the benefit of Jonathan Destler under the Voting Trust Agreement, under which Jeffrey Klausner serves as trustee and has voting power.
 Includes 3,450,681 shares held indirectly by Touchstone Holding Company LLC, 1,696,500 shares held by Destler Family Trust, 5,938
 held by Vertical Leap LLC, and 1,244,100 shares of common stock that Mr. Destler has the right to acquire within 60 days of December
 31, 2022 through the exercise of options. Mr. Destler has voting and dispositive control over shares held by Touchstone Holding Company
 LLC, Destler Family Trust, and Vertical Leap Advisors LLC. 

(3) 
 Includes 229,028 shares
 of common stock that Mr. Handy has the right to acquire within 60 days of December 22, 2022 through the exercise of options. 

(4) 
 Includes 16,965 shares
 held directly by Mr. Andersen, and 74,929 shares of common stock that Mr. Andersen has the right to acquire within 60 days of December
 22, 2022 through the exercise of options. 

(5) 
 Includes 366,444 shares
 held indirectly by Allan P and Marth S Brennan Revocable Trust dtd 12/21/1996, 27,144 shares held indirectly by Allan Brennan and
 Martha S Brennan Trustee FBO the Allan Patrick Brennan and Martha Stella Brennan Trust, and 705,744 shares of common stock held directly
 by Allan P Brennan, and 101,564 shares of common stock held directly by Allan Brennan. 

(6) 
 Shares held in trust for
 the benefit of Jonathan Destler under the Voting Trust Agreement, under which Jeffrey Klausner serves as trustee and has voting power.
 We have one share of Series A preferred stock outstanding, held by our co-ounder and Head of Corporate Development, Jonathan Destler.
 The Series A preferred stock entitles its holder to a number of votes that is equal to 110 of the issued and outstanding shares
 of our common stock. Holders of our common stock and Series A preferred stock will generally vote together as a single class, unless
 otherwise required by law or our certificate of incorporation. 

(7) 
 Mr. Destler resigned as
 Chief Executive Officer and a director on December 8, 2022 and currently serves as the Company s Founder and Head of Corporate
 Development. Mr. Destler also resigned as President on December 8, 2022, and as Secretary on January 5, 2022. 

50 

ITEM
13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Director
and Officer Indemnification and Insurance 

We
have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. These agreements, among other things,
require us or will require us to indemnify each director (and in certain cases their related venture capital funds) and executive officer
to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, including indemnification of expenses such as attorneys fees, judgments, fines
and settlement amounts incurred by the director or executive officer in any action or proceeding, including any action or proceeding
by or in right of us, arising out of the person s services as a director or executive officer. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and our bylaws provide that we will indemnify each of our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted
by the DGCL. We also intend to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that will insure our directors
and officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment under certain circumstances. 

Voting
Trust Agreement 

On
December 23, 2022, we entered into a Voting Trust Agreement (the Voting Trust Agreement with Jonathan Destler, our Founder
and our Head of Corporate Development. The voting trust created under the Voting Trust Agreement holds all shares of common stock and
the one share of Series A Preferred Stock held by Mr. Destler, and vests in the trustee, the power to vote the shares held by Mr. Destler
in any stockholder vote or written consent in lieu of a stockholders meeting. The terms and conditions of the Voting Trust Agreement
provides that the members of our board of directors have full discretion to appoint a trustee to vote the shares. The current sole trustee
of the voting trust is Jeffrey Klausner, our sole director. The voting trustee does not have any economic rights or investment power
with respect to the shares of common stock and Series A Preferred Stock transferred to the voting trust; their rights consist solely
of voting rights. The Voting Trust Agreement will terminate on the first to occur of (i) final disposition of (a) Securities and Exchange
Commission vs. David Stephens, Donald Linn Danks, Jonathan Destler and Robert Lazarus (and Daniel Solomita and 8198381 Canada, Inc.,
as Relief Defendants), Case No. 22CV1483AJB DEB, filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of California on
September 30, 2022, and (b) Untied States of America v. David Stephens, Donald Danks, Jonathan Destler and Robert Lazarus, Case No. 22
CR2701 BAS, filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of California on November 22, 2022, or (ii) mutual agreement
of the Company and Mr. Destler. 

Agreements
with DisperSolar LLC and Mr. Booth 

Both
Yosepha Shahak Ravid and Nicholas Booth are members of DisperSolar LLC, a California limited liability company DisperSolar and are named inventors of the acquired patents from Dispersolar, discussed below. Effective July 1, 2021, Ms. Shahak Ravid, our Chief
Science Officer, and Mr. Booth, our Chief Technology Officer, were employed by us. As of the date of this annual report, DisperSolar
has received payments of 600,000, and Mr. Booth has received no payments. 

Patent
Purchase Agreement with DisperSolar LLC 

On
April 7, 2017, we and DisperSolar entered into a Patent Purchase Agreement (the Agreement pursuant to which we acquired
certain patents of DisperSolar. DisperSolar developed the patents for harvesting, transmission, spectral modification and delivery of
sunlight to shaded areas of plants. 

We
agreed to pay the following for the acquisition of DisperSolar s intellectual property: 

(i) 
 Initial Payment: 150,000
 deposited into the account of DisperSolar within 10 days of the effective date. 

(ii) 
 Initial Milestone Payments:
 Additional payments in the aggregate combined amount up to 350,000 upon reaching defined milestones, of which 50,000 was paid in
 2017, 200,000 in 2018, and 100,000 in 2021. 

(iii) 
 Earnout Payments: 800,000
 paid on the on-going basis at a rate of 50 of gross margin and/or license revenue from the date of the first commercial sale of
 a covered product or the first receipt by us of license revenue, until the aggregate combined gross margin and license revenue reach
 1,600,000. 

51 

On
December 6, 2018, we and DisperSolar amended the Agreement by increasing the milestone payments from 350,000 to 450,000. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had an 800,000 earnout obligation payable on the on-going basis at a rate of 50 of gross margin and/or license
revenue from the date of the first commercial sale of a covered product or the first receipt by purchaser of license revenue, until the
aggregate combined gross margin and license revenue reach 1.6 million. 

We
are obligated to pay to DisperSolar royalties, as follows: 

(i) 
 Following the recognition
 by us of the first 1,600,000 in aggregate combined gross margin and license revenue, and until we pay to DisperSolar an aggregate
 amount in royalties of 30,000,000, we shall pay to DisperSolar royalties on sales of covered products at a rate of 8 of gross margin.

(ii) 
 Once we have paid to DisperSolar
 an aggregate amount in royalties of 30,000,000, we shall pay to DisperSolar royalties on sales of covered products at a rate of
 4.75 of gross margin until the earlier of (x) such time as covered products are not covered by any claims of any assigned patent,
 and (y) the date of the consummation of a Strategic Transaction. 

Strategic
Transaction means a transaction or a series of related transactions that results in an acquisition of the Company by a third party,
including by way of merger, purchase of capital stock or purchase of assets or change of control or otherwise. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded no earnout or royalty payment obligations as no gross margin was realized. 

Strategic
Transaction 

We
will pay to DisperSolar 7.6 of all license consideration received by us until the date of the consummation of a strategic transaction. 

Strategic
Transaction Consideration. Strategic Transaction Consideration means any cash consideration and the fair market value of
any non-cash consideration paid to us by any acquirer as consideration for the Strategic Transaction, less the costs and expenses incurred
by us for the purpose of consummating the Strategic Transaction. We will pay to DisperSolar a percentage of all license consideration
received us as follows: 

(i) 
 3.8 of the first 50,000,000
 of the Strategic Transaction Consideration; 

(ii) 
 5.7 of the next 100,000,000
 of the Strategic Transaction Consideration (i.e., over 50,000,000 and up to 150,000,000); 

(iii) 
 7.6 of Strategic Transaction
 Consideration over 150,000,000. 

Inventor
Royalty 

On
July 5, 2019, we and Mr. Booth entered into a Royalty Agreement. Mr. Booth is a member of Dispersolar, LLC and a named inventor of the
acquired patents from Dispersolar, LLC discussed above. Effective July 1, 2021, Mr. Booth was employed by us as our Chief Technology
Officer. 

We
will pay Mr. Booth a percentage of all license consideration received by us as follows: 

(a)
Once we have paid to DisperSolar an aggregate amount in royalties of 30,000,000 under the Agreement, we will pay to Booth a percentage
of all royalties on sales of covered products at a rate of 0.25 of gross margin until the earlier of (x) such time as covered products
are not covered by any claims of any assigned patent, and (y) the date of the consummation of a Strategic Transaction. 

52 

(b)
We will pay to Booth a percentage of all license consideration received us on the same terms as payable by us to DisperSolar under the
Agreement, except that the percentages of license consideration due to Booth shall be as follows: 

(a) 
 0.4 of all license consideration
 received by us until the date of consummation of a Strategic Transaction; 

(b) 
 0.2 of the first 50,000,000
 of the Strategic Transaction Consideration; 

(c) 
 0.3 of the next 100,000,000
 of the Strategic Transaction Consideration (i.e., over 50,000,000 and up to 150,000,000); and 

(d) 
 0.4 of Strategic Transaction
 Consideration over 150,000,000. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no amounts were due for earnouts or royalties. 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

We
do not have a formal policy regarding approval of transactions with related parties. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Each
year, the Board approves the annual audit engagement in advance. The Board also has established procedures to pre-approve all non-audit
services provided by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. All fiscal year 2022 and 2021 non-audit services
listed below were pre-approved. 

Audit
and Audit-Related Fees : This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included
in our annual and periodic reports that are filed with the SEC. This category also includes services performed for the preparation of
responses to SEC correspondence, travel expenses for our auditors, on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result
of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements, and the preparation of an annual management letter on internal
control and other matters. 

Tax
Fees : This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent auditors for tax compliance. 

All
Other Fees : This category consists of fees for services other than the services described above. 

Description 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 135,764 
 94,900 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 3,932 
 10,400 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 139,696 
 105,300 

53 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Number 
 
 Description 

3.1.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 3.1.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment 
 
 3.1.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation 
 
 3.1.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment 
 
 3.1.5 
 
 First Amendment to Certificate of Designation 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Senior Convertible Promissory Note 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note 
 
 4.5 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Senior Convertible Promissory Note 
 
 4.6 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Senior Convertible Promissory Note 
 
 4.7 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Senior Convertible Promissory Note 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form of Representative s Warrant (included in Exhibit 1.1) 
 
 4.9 
 
 Form of Warrant Agency Agreement by and between Opti-Harvest, Inc. and Colonial Stock Transfer Company, Inc. 
 
 4.10 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 
 4.11 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 4.12 
 
 Form of Promissory Note, dated February 21, 2023 
 
 9.1 
 
 Voting Trust Agreement, dated December 23, 2022, by and among Jonathan Destler, Deborah Destler, Destler Family Trust, Touchstone Holding Company LLC, a California limited liability company, and Jeffrey Klausner 
 
 10.1# 
 
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10.2# 
 
 2022 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 10.3# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement 
 
 10.6 
 
 Restated Patent Purchase Obligation with DisperSolar LLC 
 
 10.7 
 
 Letter Agreement with Nick Booth Regarding Restated Patent Purchase Obligation with DisperSolar LLC 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Previously
filed. 

 This
certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise
subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

 #
Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

54 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

OPTI-HARVEST,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Geoffrey Andersen 

Name: 
 Geoffrey Andersen 

Title: 
 Chief
Executive Officer (principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Dated: April
 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Geoffrey Andersen 

Name: 
 Geoffrey Andersen 

Title: 
 Chief
Executive Officer (principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

Dated: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jeffrey Klausner 

Name: 
 Jeffrey Klausner 

Title: 
 Director 

55 

<EX-4.12>
 2
 ex4-12.htm

EXHIBIT
4.12 

PROMISSORY
NOTE 

OPTI-HARVEST,
INC. 

225,000 
 February 21, 2023 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, Opti-Harvest, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company promises to pay to the order of Donald Danks at
6 Pacific Winds, Newport Coast, CA 92657 Lender ), the aggregate principal amount outstanding of Two Hundred Twenty-Five
Thousand 225,000) United States Dollars, upon maturity as set forth below together with interest as set forth herein. 

This
Note carries an original issue discount of 45,000, amounting to 20 of the Principal. 

1. Payment
Terms . The outstanding principal amount of this Note, together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, shall be due and payable
on the Maturity Date, as determined pursuant to Section 3 hereof. All payments of principal and interest hereunder shall be tendered
in lawful money of the United States of America at the address designated in Section 16 hereof, or at such other place as Lender may
from time to time designate in writing. 

2. Maturity .
This Note shall be due and payable on the date that is 30 days from the date of this Note (the Initial Maturity Date ).
If a Qualified Public Offering (as defined in Section 3 hereof) does not occur before the Initial Maturity Date, the outstanding principal
amount of this Note, together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, shall be paid from funds from any offer and sale of Lender
of equity or debt securities whereby Lender obtains gross cash proceeds in an amount not less than Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 500,000). 

3. Interest .
If a Qualified Public Offering does not occur before the Initial Maturity Date, this Note will accrue interest at a rate of twelve percent
(12 per annum, compounded annually, computed on the basis of actual number of days elapsed over a year of 365 days, until maturity
or conversion hereof. As used herein, Qualified Public Offering means the issuance and sale of shares of common stock,
par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock to investors in an underwritten public
offering or a direct listing by the Company of its Common Stock, in either case pursuant to an effective registration statement under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, not later than 30 days after the date of this Note. 

4. Prepayments .
The Company may prepay the Note, or any portion outstanding, at any time and from time to time prior to Maturity Date without notice
and without the payment of any premium, fee, or penalty. 

5. Security .
This Note is an unsecured general obligation of the Company. 

6. Default
Remedies . An Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred upon: 

(a) The
Company fails to pay when due any of the payments due under this Note, which failure is not cured within ten (10) business days after
the date due for such payment; 

(b) The
Company files any petition or action for relief under any bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency law or an involuntary petition for
bankruptcy is filed against the Company and such petition is not withdrawn or dismissed within 60 days after the filing thereof; 

(c) The
Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or 

(d) Any
order, judgment or decree is entered against the Company decreeing the dissolution or split up of the Company and
such order remains undischarged. 

Upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, Lender may at its option, by written notice to the Company, declare
the entire principal amount of this Note, together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, immediately due and payable. Lender s
rights, powers and remedies under this Note shall be in addition to any rights, powers and/or remedies available to Lender under applicable
law or at equity. 

1 

7. No
Waiver; Cumulative Rights . No delay on the part of Lender in the exercise of any power or right under this Note or under any other
instrument executed pursuant hereto shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall a single or partial exercise of
any power or right preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power or right. 

8. Waiver .
The Company waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and notice of dishonor. 

9. No
Rights or Liabilities as a Stockholder . This Note does not by itself entitle Lender to any voting or other rights as a stockholder
of the Company. In the absence of conversion of this Note, no provisions of this Note, nor any enumeration herein of the rights and privileges
of Lender, shall cause Lender to be a stockholder of the Company for any purpose. 

10. Governing
Law . This Note (including any claim or controversy arising out of or relating to this Note) shall be governed
by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any law other
than the law of the State of Delaware. 

11. Usury .
Interest paid or agreed to be paid under this Note shall not exceed the maximum amount permissible under applicable law and, in any contingency
whatsoever, if Lender shall receive anything of value under this Note deemed to be interest under such laws which would exceed the amount
of interest permissible under those laws, the excessive interest shall be applied first to the reduction of unpaid principal outstanding
under this Note and the remainder of such excessive interest shall then be refunded to the Company if such excessive interest exceeds
unpaid principal. All interest paid or agreed to be paid under this Note shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be amortized,
prorated, allocated, and spread throughout the full period until payment in full of the principal so that the interest hereon for such
full period shall not exceed the maximum rate permissible under applicable laws. 

12. Successors
and Assigns . All of the stipulations, promises and agreements in this Note made by or on behalf of the Company shall bind the successors
and assigns of the Company, whether so expressed or not, and shall inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of the
Company and Lender. Any of the Company or Lender shall agree in writing before the effectiveness of such assignment to be bound by the
provisions hereof. 

13. Severability .
If any one or more of the provisions contained in this Note shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any
respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision hereof, and this Note shall be construed
as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 

14. Transfer
of Note . The Company may consider and treat the person in whose name this Note shall be registered as the absolute owner thereof
for all purposes whatsoever and the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this
Note, and the conversion rights described herein, shall not be transferable by the holder without the prior written consent of the Company.
Subject to the restrictions set forth in the foregoing sentence, registration of any new owners shall take place upon presentation of
this Note to the Company at its principal offices, together with a duly authenticated assignment. This Note is transferable only on the
books of the Company. Notice sent to any registered owner shall be effective as against all the holders or transferees of the Note not
registered at the time of sending the communication. 

15. Amendment
and Waivers . Any provision of this Note or any Event of Default may be amended, waived or modified only upon the written consent
of the Company and Lender with such amendment, waiver or modification so effected being binding on all holders of the Note. 

16. Notices .
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery
to the party to be notified, (ii) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient,
and if not so confirmed, then on the next business day, (iii) five days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day
delivery, with written verification of receipt, to a party at the address set forth below (which may be changed in accordance with these
notice procedures): 

If
 to Lender: 
 Donald
 Danks 

6
 Pacific Winds 

Newport
 Coast, CA 92657 

If
 to the Company: 
 1801
 Century Park East, Suite 520 

Los
 Angeles, California 90067 

Attn:
 Chief Financial Officer 

2 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Promissory Note on and as of the date first set forth above. 

OPTI-HARVEST, INC. 

By: 

Name:
 
 Geoff
 Andersen 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

3 

</EX-4.12>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I,
Geoffrey Andersen, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Opti-Harvest, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April
 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Geoffrey Andersen 

Geoffrey Andersen 

Chief Executive Officer
 (principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I,
Geoffrey Andersen, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Opti-Harvest, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April
 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Geoffrey Andersen 

Geoffrey Andersen 

Chief
 Executive Officer (principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant
to U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Opti-Harvest,
Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge, that: 

1. 
 The
 Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the
 requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date: April
 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Geoffrey Andersen 

Geoffrey Andersen 

Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to Opti-Harvest, Inc., and will be retained by Opti-Harvest, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ophv-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ophv-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ophv-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ophv-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

