<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230413_10-K_edgar_data_1849408_0001104659-23-044823.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6472030</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>450146</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1016963</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2036574</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1144175</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1680094</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-044823.hdr.sgml : 20230413
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230413075000
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-044823
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230413
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230413

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849408
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40500
		FILM NUMBER:		23817068

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 WEST 57TH STREET
		STREET 2:		33RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-440-0749

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 WEST 57TH STREET
		STREET 2:		33RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-044823.txt : 20230413

10-K
 1
 ztaqu-20221231x10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____ to _____ Commission file number: 

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting securities held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, June 30, 2022, was based upon the closing sale price of 9.71 of our shares of common stock on that date. As of April 13, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value, and shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 Table of Contents Page CERTAIN TERMS i CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ii PART I 1 Item 1. Business. 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 19 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 54 Item 2. Properties. 54 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 54 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 54 PART II 55 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 55 Item 6. [Reserved.] 56 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 56 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 61 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 61 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 61 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 61 Item 9B. Other Information. 63 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 63 PART III 64 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 64 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 71 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 72 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 74 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 77 PART IV 78 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 78 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 79 SIGNATURES 80 

Table of Contents 
 CERTAIN TERMS References to the Company, our, us or we refer to Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp., a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K as our initial business combination. References to our Sponsor refer to ZETA Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to Zimmer are to Zimmer Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership and its affiliates. References to Zimmer Funds are to one or more private investment funds that are managed by Zimmer. References to Zimmer Entity are to ZP Master Utility Fund, Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted limited company and private investment fund managed by Zimmer. References to Bluescape Resources are to Bluescape Resources Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to Forward Purchase Agreements are to the agreements providing for the sale of the Forward Purchase Securities to the Zimmer Entity and Bluescape Resources in private placements to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. References to Forward Purchase Securities are to the Forward Purchase Shares and Forward Purchase Warrants. References to Forward Purchase Shares are to the shares of our Class A common stock to be issued pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreements. References to Forward Purchase Units are to the units consisting of one Forward Purchase Share and one-third of one Forward Purchase Warrant to be purchased by the Zimmer Entity and Bluescape Resources pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreements. References to Forward Purchase Warrants are to warrants to purchase shares of our Class A common stock to be issued pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreements. References to equity-linked securities are to any securities of our Company or any of our subsidiaries which are convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, equity securities of our Company or such subsidiary, including any private placement of equity or debt. References to the SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. References to our Public Offering refer to our initial public offering, which was consummated on June 18, 2021 (the Closing Date ). References to public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the Units in our Public Offering. References to public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares. References to specified future issuance are to an issuance of a class of equity-linked securities to specified purchasers, which may include affiliates of Zimmer, that we may determine to make in connection with financing our initial business combination. 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses our ability to complete our initial business combination our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination our pool of prospective target businesses the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities our public securities potential liquidity and trading the lack of a market for our securities the use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance the Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties or our financial performance. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business. Introduction We are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. In March 2021, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,062,500 shares of our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares ), for an aggregate price of 25,000, or approximately 0.002 per share. In April 2021, our Sponsor transferred 120,000 Founder Shares in the aggregate to our independent directors at their original purchase price. On June 4, 2021, our Sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 Founder Shares to us for no consideration, resulting in our Sponsor owning 8,505,000 Founder Shares and increasing the approximate price paid per Founder Share to 0.003. The holders of our Founder Shares are referred to herein as our initial stockholders. In June 2021, we entered into Forward Purchase Agreements with the Zimmer Entity and Bluescape Resources, pursuant to which the Zimmer Entity agreed to purchase 10,000,000 Forward Purchase Units and Bluescape Resources agreed to purchase up to 10,000,000 Forward Purchase Units, with each Forward Purchase Unit consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one warrant to purchase one share of Class A common stock, at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, for a purchase price of 10.00 per Forward Purchase Unit. The obligation of Bluescape Resources to purchase the Forward Purchase Units pursuant to its Forward Purchase Agreement is subject to the approval of its investment committee. The purchase of the Forward Purchase Units will take place in one or more private placements to occur concurrently and only in connection with the closing of the initial business combination. The proceeds from the sale of Forward Purchase Units may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination, expenses in connection with the initial business combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. On the Closing Date, we consummated our Public Offering of 34,500,000 units (the Units ), including 4,500,000 Units that were issued upon the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option (the Over-allotment Units ). The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 345,000,000. Each Unit consists of one share of our Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-third of one warrant Warrant ). Each whole Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering, we completed the private sale of 10,550,000 private placement warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds to us of 10,550,000. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. We received gross proceeds from the Public Offering (including the Over-allotment Units) and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants of 345,000,000 and 10,550,000, respectively, for an aggregate of 355,550,000. 345,000,000 of the gross proceeds were deposited into a U.S.-based trust account (the Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee Trustee ). The 345,000,000 of net proceeds held in the Trust Account includes 10,850,000 of deferred underwriting discounts and commissions that will be released to the underwriters of the Public Offering upon completion of our initial business combination. Of the gross proceeds from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants that were not deposited in the Trust Account, 6,200,000 was used to pay underwriting discounts and commissions in the Public Offering, 170,000 was used to repay a promissory note from our Sponsor (the Note and the balance was reserved to pay accrued offering and formation costs, business, legal and accounting due diligence expenses on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 The shares of our Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in our Public Offering and related to the closing of the initial business combination, the ratio at which the shares of our Class B common stock will convert into shares of our Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of our Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination). On August 5, 2021, we announced that commencing on August 6, 2021 holders of the Units sold in our Public Offering may elect to separately trade the shares of Class A common stock and Warrants included in the Units. The shares of Class A common stock and Warrants that are separated trade on the Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq under the symbols ZT and ZTAQW, respectively. Those Units not separated continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol ZTAQU. Our Company Our Sponsor is an affiliate of a private investment fund managed by Zimmer, a Delaware limited partnership that manages several investment vehicles. Although we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business or industry, we intend to capitalize on the Zimmer platform to identify, acquire and operate a business in industries that may provide opportunities for attractive risk-adjusted returns in the energy value chain in North America, with a focus on energy transition and sustainability. This broadly includes environmental, social and governance growth-focused companies in the energy, industrial, and infrastructure sectors. Our primary areas of focus include products, equipment, services and technologies enabling the continued energy transition in the United States. We plan to target companies that serve rapidly growing segments in the clean energy ecosystem, including renewable power generation, energy storage, the distributed electrical grid, zero-emission transportation, zero / low-carbon industrial applications and renewable financing. We believe that market leaders within these high-impact segments can deliver superior long-term returns to equity investors and that these areas of focus represent a favorable and highly fragmented market opportunity to consummate a business combination. Zimmer is a research-driven multi-billion-dollar investment firm that believes its ability to generate alpha is enabled by an experienced management and investment team, proprietary risk management platform, and a well-developed organizational infrastructure. Zimmer-managed vehicles invest primarily in the equities of electric and gas utilities, clean and renewable energy companies, integrated utilities, water utilities, telecommunication companies, independent power producers and pipelines, exploration and production companies, oilfield services companies, and more broadly in energy and infrastructure-related industries (such as chemicals, materials, transportation infrastructure and real estate equities). Zimmer s management and investment teams have extensive experience in investment management in our targeted sectors. Additionally, Zimmer has deep industry knowledge and strong relationships with management teams in our targeted sector developed over more than 25 years as an investor in the space. Zimmer s extensive experience in the clean and renewable energy sector has allowed us to develop a deep appreciation for challenges these companies face, understand the various regulatory frameworks, cultivate a deep knowledge of these markets and incentive programs, and understand the full value stack and sales cycles. Our business strategy is to identify, combine with and maximize the value of a company with operations participating in the energy transition space, as further described above and discussed in the following Acquisition Criteria section. We intend to identify and acquire a business that could benefit from our extensive network, transactional, financial, operational and investment experience and presents the potential for attractive risk-adjusted returns. Zimmer has a long history of supporting and partnering with public and private companies through various transactions including taking private companies public through the initial public offering process and finding creative solutions for companies via privately negotiated investments in public companies. We believe Zimmer s extensive experience as an investor and deep network of industry relationships supports our ability to partner with private and public companies as well as large financial sponsors, such as investment banks and private equity firms. We believe Zimmer brings expertise to assist in maximizing value for all stakeholders. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Zimmer is well positioned to identify attractive risk-adjusted returns in the marketplace through our contacts and transaction sources, ranging from our management team and board of directors to industry executives, private owners, private equity funds and investment bankers. Our industry reach is extensive which will enable us to pursue a broad range of opportunities. Market Opportunity We believe that the current market environment presents attractive investment opportunities in the energy transition space. In the U.S., the transition from a country run predominantly on traditional fossil fuels to a country focused on renewable energy generation has steadily advanced, and we believe that the pace and scope of investment will continue to increase. This shift is possible as renewable energy incentives and falling technology costs support robust competition in the renewables sector, with coal, nuclear and natural gas generation retirements continuing into the future. As part of this transition, we expect rapidly growing penetration of intermittent renewable resources, distributed generation and storage, and power-intensive distributed applications, such as charging stations, which will in turn require a host of ancillary technologies and investments across the energy ecosystem. These changes are likely to create opportunities for the providers of equipment, services and software that facilitate the efficient and customer-focused deployment and management of an evolving and growing electrical infrastructure network and the integration with legacy utility operations. Similarly, we anticipate large, sustained opportunities to deploy energy efficiency solutions as part of the upgrading of the building sector in the residential, commercial, industrial and public-sector end markets. We believe that similar opportunities will develop in the water, chemicals, industrial, construction and manufacturing sectors, all of which will require investment and expertise to develop tailored solutions. The market has started to recognize this energy transition and has rewarded companies that are at the forefront of this shift. We are seeing increased investor interest in renewable technology focused companies. We believe that these robust social and market dynamics will continue to provide opportunities for Zimmer to successfully deploy its capital. Acquisition Criteria Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective targets for our initial business combination. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire target businesses that we believe: are fundamentally sound but that we believe can improve results by leveraging the transactional, financial, operational and investment experience of our management team and Zimmer can utilize the extensive networks and insights that our management team and Zimmer have built in the energy and energy transition industries over the past 30 years are at an inflection point and can benefit in partnering with a thoughtful industry professional have large addressable markets relative to the Company s size exhibit unrecognized value, desirable returns on capital, a need for capital to achieve the Company s growth strategy or further acquisitions, or other characteristics that have been misevaluated by the marketplace based on our analysis and our due diligence review will be well received by public market investors, in which we have extensive experience and will offer an attractive risk-adjusted return for our stockholders. 
 Potential upside from growth in the target business and an improved capital structure will be weighed against any identified downside risks. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials that we would file with the SEC. Initial Business Combination Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion, nor will they be able to rely on such opinion. We may pursue an acquisition opportunity jointly with our Sponsor, or one or more of its affiliates, which we refer to as an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Any such issuance of equity or equity-linked securities would, on a fully diluted basis, reduce the percentage ownership of our then-existing stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B common stock, issuances or deemed issuances of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities would result in an adjustment to the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock such that our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of our Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination), unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to such issuance or deemed issuance at the time thereof. Our Sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation to make any such investment, and may compete with us for potential business combinations. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons, including an Affiliated Joint Acquisition as described above. However, we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise is not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Our Acquisition Process In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. We will also utilize our transactional, financial, managerial and investment experience. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, board observer or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view. Funds managed by Zimmer and our independent directors own (directly or indirectly) Founder Shares and/or Private Placement Warrants and, accordingly, Zimmer and our independent directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such other entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. In addition, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. In addition, Zimmer or its affiliates, including our officers and directors who are affiliated with Zimmer, may sponsor or form other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination, and members of our management team may participate in such blank check companies. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among the management teams. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our Management Team Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. We believe our management team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies provides us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. See Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance for a more complete description of our management team s experience. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Status as a Public Company We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700,000,000 as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Effecting our Initial Business Combination We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreements or other forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our Public Offering or otherwise), our capital stock, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination (which may include a specified future issuance), and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the Trust Account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the Trust Account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, including pursuant to any specified future issuance, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, other than the Forward Purchase Agreements, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. Sources of Target Businesses We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, board observer or directors or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of our assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this criteria, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise is not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. To the extent we effect our business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The Company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, subject to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Whether Stockholder Approval is Type of Transaction Required Purchase of assets No Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the Company No Merger of target with a subsidiary of the Company No Merger of the Company with a target Yes Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more or the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 Permitted Purchases of our Securities In the event we seek stockholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares, Warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares or Warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of Warrants could be to reduce the number of Warrants outstanding or to vote such Warrants on any matters submitted to the warrantholders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our common stock or Warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders (in the case of shares of Class A common stock) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against the initial business combination. Our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any purchases by our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) of and Rule 10b-5 under the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) of or Rule 10b-5 under the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022 is approximately 10.10 per public share. The per-share amount that we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions we will pay to the underwriters of the Public Offering. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares held by them and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our business combination. The Zimmer Entity purchased 35,000,000 of Units in the Public Offering and has the same redemption rights as the public stockholders with respect to any Class A common stock it purchased as part of the public Units in the Public Offering. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval, while direct mergers with the Company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed business combination. We intend to conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 Upon public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will: Conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and File proxy materials with the SEC. 
 In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any public shares purchased during or after the Public Offering in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders Founder Shares and the 3,500,000 public shares part of the public Units purchased by the Zimmer Entity in the Public Offering, we would need 29.7 of the public shares to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold our Public Offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our Sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem to no more than 15 of the shares sold in our Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not restrict our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights Public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the Company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the Company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the Company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or two business days prior to the scheduled date of the meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable (unless we elect to allow additional withdrawal rights). Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination until 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our business combination within such 24-month period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 105,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our business combination within the 24-month time period. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering. However, if our Sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after the Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 24-month time period. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). The Zimmer Entity purchased 35,000,000 of Units in the Public Offering and is entitled to liquidating distributions similar to the public stockholders with respect to any Class A common stock that it purchased as part of the public Units in the Public Offering. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts held outside the Trust Account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the Trust Account not required to pay franchise and income taxes on interest income earned on the Trust Account balance, we may request the Trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 105,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the Trust Account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors, which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (except for our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to seek access to the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, except as to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations, and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Our Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to proceeds of our Public Offering held outside of the Trust Account with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 105,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of the Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 105,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 24th month and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent ten years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the Trust Account is remote. Further, our Sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the Trust Account are not reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to the public. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and the Company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering, subject to applicable law, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. Limited Payments to Insiders There will be no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments made by the Company to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, other than the following payments, none of which will be made from the proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: repayment of up to an aggregate of 300,000 in loans made to us by our Sponsor (pursuant to the Note, which was repaid in full in June 2021) payment to Zimmer of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial business combination and repayment of loans which may be made by our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 
 Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Facilities Our executive offices are located at 9 West 57 th Street, 33 rd Floor, New York, NY 10019, and our telephone number is (212) 371-8688. Our executive offices are provided to us by an affiliate of our Sponsor. Commencing on the date of the Public Offering, we have agreed to pay Zimmer a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Human Capital Resources We currently have three officers. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process we are in. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We have registered our Units, Class A common stock and Warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) sent to stockholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), or reconciled to, GAAP, or International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS ), depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that any applicable requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Website Our website address is www.zimmerenergy.com. Information contained on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments and exhibits to these reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are available on our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Alternatively, you may access these reports at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risk Factor Summary Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks We are a recently formed company with no operating history and no revenues (other than interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account), and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our Public Offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the status of the debt and equity markets. Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through the twelve-month period from the date the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are filed. We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 related to the classification of reinvestment of gain on marketable securities held in our Trust Account in cash flows from operating activities rather than cash flows from investing activities in the statements of cash flows. 
 Risks Relating to our Securities You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or Warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. We have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise Warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its Warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such Warrants to expire worthless. The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 
 Risks Relating to Zimmer, our Sponsor and Our Management Team Past performance by Zimmer, including our management team, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. Our initial stockholders will control the election of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination and will hold a substantial interest in us. 
 I. Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 
 We are a recently formed company with no operating history and no revenues (other than interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account), and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a recently formed company with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our business combination. If we fail to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Please refer to Part I, Item. 1. Business-Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for additional information. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Unlike many other blank check companies in which the initial stockholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public stockholders in connection with an initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their Founder Shares, as well as any public shares purchased during or after the Public Offering, in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders Founder Shares and the 3,500,000 public shares part of the public Units purchased by the Zimmer Entity in the Public Offering, we would need 29.7 of the public shares to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. Our initial stockholders own 20 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if our initial stockholders agreed to vote their Founder Shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. In evaluating a prospective target business for our initial business combination, our management may rely on the availability of all of the funds from the sale of the Forward Purchase Securities to be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination. If the sale of the Forward Purchase Securities does not close, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business combination. We have entered into Forward Purchase Agreements with the Zimmer Entity and Bluescape Resources providing for the purchase by (i) the Zimmer Entity of an aggregate of 10,000,000 Forward Purchase Units and (ii) Bluescape Resources of an aggregate of up to 10,000,000 Forward Purchase Units, in each case at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, in private placements to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. However, if the sale of the Forward Purchase Securities does not close, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business combination. The obligations of Bluescape Resources to purchase its share of the Forward Purchase Securities is subject to the approval, prior to our entering into a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, of its investment committee, and the Forward Purchase Agreements contain customary closing conditions. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting discounts and commissions. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination 24 months after the closing of our Public Offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the end of the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. The premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity will likely need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the status of the debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result, in a widespread health crisis that could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and service providers, limit our ability to thoroughly conduct due diligence, or restrict our ability to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. Additionally, the effects of COVID-19, or the worsening thereof, may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain the COVID-19 pandemic or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by the COVID-19 pandemic or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by negative impacts on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities. United States and global markets have experienced volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022. In response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military conflict, increasing geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could continue to adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. Any of the abovementioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions, could adversely affect our search for a business combination, particularly in Europe since that region includes Russia, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, although we are not seeking a target business in Russia. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, resulting sanctions and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any such disruptions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities, cross-border transactions or our ability to raise equity or debt financing in connection with any particular business combination. If these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our Public Offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we must complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our Public Offering. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. As the deadline to complete an initial business combination approaches, the likelihood of completing the initial business combination within the prescribed time frame declines and we may not seek or be successful in obtaining an extension in time to complete an initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 105,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors described in this Risk Factors section. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or Warrants from public stockholders or public warrantholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares, Warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares or Warrants in such transactions. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of Warrants could be to reduce the number of Warrants outstanding or to vote Warrants on any matters submitted to the warrantholders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent the purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See Part I, Item 1. Business Permitted Purchases of our Securities for a description of how our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or Warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will be required to comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See Part 1 Item 1. Business - Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the public shares without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not restrict our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. As a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our Warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and the Forward Purchase Securities, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, because we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class A common stock which our public stockholders redeem in connection with our initial business combination, in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer, target businesses will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and the Warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors below. If the net proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our Warrants will expire worthless. The funds available to us outside of the Trust Account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least 24 months after the Closing Date, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our Warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors below. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 If the net proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team to fund our search for a business combination, to pay our franchise and income taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, only a limited amount is available to us outside the Trust Account to fund our working capital requirements. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. None of our Sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, and our Warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors below. Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our business combination, and results of operations. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the 2022 Proposed Rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving special purpose acquisition companies SPACs and private operating companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; effectively limiting the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. The 2022 Proposed Rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, and certain positions and legal conclusions expressed by the SEC in connection with the 2022 Proposed Rules, may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Because we are not limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. Although we expect to focus our search for a target business in industries that may provide attractive risk-adjusted returns in the energy value chain in North America, with a focus on energy transition and sustainability, we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry or sector. However, we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. There is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and the Warrants will expire worthless. We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues, cash flows or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the target business is fair to the Company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to the Company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm. However, our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion, nor will they be able to rely on such opinion. Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through the twelve-month period from the date the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are filed. At December 31, 2022, we had cash of 897,498 and working capital of 996,538 (excluding franchise and income taxes payable). Further, we expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans, and any such pursuit may not be successful. While we expect to have sufficient liquidity for the period through June 18, 2023, we cannot assure stockholders that we will have sufficient liquidity to fund the working capital needs of the Company through the period that ends twelve months from the date the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are filed or that we will be able to consummate an initial business combination. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 related to the classification of reinvestment of gain on marketable securities held in our Trust Account in cash flows from operating activities rather than cash flows from investing activities in the statements of cash flows. As described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 related to the classification of reinvestment of gain on marketable securities held in our Trust Account in cash flows from operating activities rather than cash flows from investing activities in the statements of cash flows, which has been corrected in the financial statements included herein. As a result of this material weakness, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. Our cash position could be adversely affected if the financial institutions in which we hold our cash are unable to meet their obligations. Our working capital account is currently at First Republic Bank. First Republic Bank has been negatively affected by the recent turmoil in the banking sector, which included the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC being appointed as receiver of Silicon Valley Bank on March 10, 2023 and Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. on March 12, 2023. First Republic Bank has been downgraded by credit rating firms and its share price has experienced significant decreases and volatility. The cash balance in our working capital account at First Republic Bank exceeds the FDIC insurance limit of 250,000. Although the U.S. Department of Treasury (the Treasury ), FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have announced a program to provide up to 25 billion of loans to financial institutions secured by certain of such government securities held by financial institutions to mitigate the risk of potential losses on the sale of government securities with interest rates below current market interest rates, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or other liquidity needs of financial institutions for immediate liquidity may exceed the capacity of such program. Additionally, there is no guarantee that the Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board will provide access to uninsured funds in the future in the event of the closure or receivership of other banks or financial institutions, or that they would do so in a timely fashion. While First Republic Bank announced that they have access to additional funding from the Federal Reserve and other financing sources, there can be no assurance as to the outcome of the current turmoil in the banking sector. We may open a working capital account at a different financial institution and move the cash balance held at First Republic Bank to such new account, but we cannot guarantee that such a transfer will occur or that such financial institution would be insulated from the effect of the recent turmoil in the banking sector. If First Republic Bank is unable to meet its obligations, we could lose the non-FDIC insured portion of the amounts held in our working capital account. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Our initial business combination and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our stockholders and warrantholders. As a result of our business combination, our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. Although we will attempt to structure our initial business combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite stockholder approval, we may structure our business combination in a manner that requires stockholders and/or warrantholders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to stockholders or warrantholders to pay taxes in connection with our business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a stockholder or a warrantholder may need to satisfy any liability resulting from our initial business combination with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of such holder s shares or warrants. In addition, we may effect a business combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, or reincorporate in a different jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located). As a result, stockholders and warrantholders may be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after our initial business combination. Furthermore, we may effect a business combination with a target company that has business operations outside of the United States and, possibly, business operations in multiple jurisdictions. If we effect such a business combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax obligations and filings in other jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations by taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial condition. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our Warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our Warrants will expire worthless. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. We may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 our inability to pay dividends on our common stock using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants provided us with proceeds that we may use to complete our initial business combination and pay related fees and expenses. In addition, we entered into Forward Purchase Agreements with the Zimmer Entity and Bluescape Resources providing for the purchase of an aggregate of up to 20,000,000 Forward Purchase Units at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, in private placements to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. The Forward Purchase Securities will be issued only in connection with the closing of the initial business combination. The proceeds from the sale of Forward Purchase Securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business combination, expenses in connection with our initial business combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. There can be no assurance that the purchase of the Forward Purchase Securities will close. We may effectuate our business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In order to effectuate our initial business combination, we may seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or other governing instruments, including our warrant agreement, in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination but that our stockholders or warrantholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreement. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, changed industry focus and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or other governing instruments or change our industry focus in order to effectuate our initial business combination. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account, and our Warrants will expire worthless. If the net proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and Forward Purchase Securities prove to be insufficient to complete our initial business combination, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our Warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include target historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, GAAP or international financial reporting standards as issued by the IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: higher costs and difficulties inherent in executing cross-border transactions, managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets rules and regulations regarding currency redemption complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected tariffs and trade barriers regulations related to customs and import/export matters longer payment cycles tax issues, including limits on our ability to change our tax residence from the United States, complex withholding or other tax regimes which may apply in connection with our business combination or to our structure following our business combination, variations in tax laws as compared to the United States, and potential changes in the applicable tax laws in the United States and/or relevant non-U.S. jurisdictions currency fluctuations and exchange controls rates of inflation cultural and language differences employment regulations crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars and deterioration of political relations with the United States. 
 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and, in such case, substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth in such country could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future, such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from the Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s stockholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s public stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions (other than amendments relating to the appointment of directors, which require the approval of a majority of at least 90 of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting) related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our Public Offering and the Private Placement of Warrants into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders) may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our common stock, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into with our Sponsor, officers and directors. Our public stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 We may engage the underwriters from our Public Offering or any of their affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. The underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting discounts and commissions that will be released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. We may engage the underwriters from our Public Offering or any of their affiliates to provide additional services to us, including, for example, identifying potential business combination partners, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay such underwriters or their affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred underwriting discounts and commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The underwriters or their affiliates financial interests tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. We may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time. In connection with our initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price of 10.00 per share. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient capital to the post-business combination entity. The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time. Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make is more difficult for us to consummate a business combination. Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and may lead to other national, regional and international economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to consummate a business combination. II. Risks Relating to our Securities You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or Warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in the Trust Account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering before they receive funds from the Trust Account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of Warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the Warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or Warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 The securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. The proceeds held in the Trust Account are invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income not released to us, net of taxes payable. Negative interest rates could impact the per-share redemption amount that may be received by public stockholders. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain an average global market capitalization and a minimum number of holders of our securities (400 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our stockholders equity would generally be required to be at least 15,000,000. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities reduced liquidity for our securities a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities a limited amount of news and analyst coverage and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our Units, Class A common stock and Warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our Units, Class A common stock and Warrants are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. As a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq s rules, we may qualify for and rely on exceptions from certain corporate governance requirements that would otherwise provide protection to shareholders of other companies. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. As a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq s rules, we may qualify for and rely on exceptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, a group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under Nasdaq rules we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities and we have independent director oversight of our director nominations. 
 We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq s corporate governance requirements. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 and timely filed a Current Report on Form 8-K after the Closing Date, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419 under the Securities Act Rule 419 ). Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if we were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public stockholders. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued the 2022 Proposed Rules relating to, among other items, the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. The 2022 Proposed Rules would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that they satisfy certain conditions that limit a company s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The duration component of the proposed safe harbor rule would require the company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC announcing that it has entered into an agreement with the target company (or companies) to engage in an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the company s registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 
 In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: registration as an investment company adoption of a specific form of corporate structure and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 
 In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement governing the Trust Account, the Trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) absent a business combination, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our Warrants will expire worthless. To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time, instruct the Trustee to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of securities in the Trust Account, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. The funds in the Trust Account have, since our Public Offering, been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to be an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time, instruct the Trustee to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination or liquidation of the Company. Following such liquidation, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the Trust Account. However, interest previously earned on the funds held in the Trust Account still may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any, and certain other expenses as permitted. As a result, any decision to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. In addition, even if we consummate an initial business combination prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement related to our Public Offering, as our amended and restated certificate of incorporation currently contemplates, we may be deemed to be an investment company. The longer that the funds in the Trust Account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, the greater the risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate the Company. Accordingly, we may determine, in our discretion, to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account at any time, even prior to our initial business combination, and instead hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash, which would further reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24th month from the closing of our Public Offering in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 We have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise Warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its Warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such Warrants to expire worthless. We have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such shares. We will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective, but in no event later than 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis. However, no Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their Warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of Warrants who exercise their Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any Warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the Warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the Warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws, and there is no exemption available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the Warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such Warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such Warrant and such Warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their Warrants as part of a purchase of Units will have paid the full Unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units. If and when the Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws. The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders and the Forward Purchasers may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. Pursuant to an agreement entered into in connection with our Public Offering, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their Founder Shares, after those shares convert to Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, holders of our Private Placement Warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and holders of Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the resale of such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, the securities the Zimmer Entity purchased in our Public Offering are control securities and we will file a registration statement to register the resale of the shares of Class A common stock and Warrants (and underlying shares of Class A common stock) purchased by the Zimmer Entity as part of the public Units in our Public Offering. The Zimmer Entity is not subject to any lock-up period with respect to any securities it purchased in our Public Offering. Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreements, we have agreed to use reasonable best efforts (i) to file within 30 days after the closing of the initial business combination a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the Forward Purchase Shares and the Forward Purchase Warrants (and underlying shares of Class A common stock), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than 60 days after the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which the Forward Purchasers or their respective assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby, and (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (iv) after such registration statement is declared effective, cause us to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the Forward Purchase Agreements provide for certain piggy-back registration rights to the holders of Forward Purchase Securities to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our Private Placement Warrants or holders of Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered for resale. We may amend the terms of the Warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of Warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your Warrants could be increased, the Warrants could be converted into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. The Warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of the Warrants. If an amendment adversely affects the Private Placement Warrants in a different manner than the Warrants or vice versa, then approval of holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants and 65 of the then-outstanding Private Placement Warrants, voting as separate classes, will be required. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the Warrants, convert the Warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant. Our Warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. We account for the Warrants underlying the Units and the Private Placement Warrants as a warrant liability. At each reporting period (1) the accounting treatment of such warrants will be re-evaluated for proper accounting treatment as a liability or equity and (2) the fair value of the liability of such warrants will be remeasured and any change in the fair value of such liability will be recorded as other income (expenses) in our statements of operations. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, potential targets may seek a special purpose acquisition company that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 We may redeem your unexpired Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your Warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding Warrants could force you (i) to exercise your Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your Warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your Warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your Warrants. None of the Private Placement Warrants or Forward Purchase Warrants will be redeemable by us for cash so long as they are held by our Sponsor, the Zimmer Entity or Bluescape Resources, as applicable, or their permitted transferees. In addition, we may redeem your Warrants after they become exercisable for a number of shares of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock. Any such redemption may have similar consequences to a cash redemption described above. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the Warrants are out-of-the-money, in which case you would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of the Class A common stock had your Warrants remained outstanding. Our warrants and Founder Shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our business combination. We issued Warrants to purchase 11,500,000 shares of Class A common stock as part of the Units. We also issued 10,550,000 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. Our initial stockholders currently own an aggregate of 8,625,000 Founder Shares. The Founder Shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like. In addition, if our Sponsor makes any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants of the post business combination entity at the price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. To the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our Warrants and Founder Shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Because each Unit contains one-third of one Warrant and only a whole Warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each Unit contains one-third of one Warrant. Because, pursuant to the warrant agreement, the Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares, only a whole Warrant may be exercised at any given time. This is different from other blank check companies similar to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the Units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the Warrants upon completion of a business combination since the Warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike most blank check companies, if we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a newly issued price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to equal 115 of the newly issued price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceeds the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. Our ability to require holders of our Warrants to exercise such Warrants on a cashless basis after we call the Warrants for redemption or if there is no effective registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these Warrants will cause holders to receive fewer shares of Class A common stock upon their exercise of the Warrants than they would have received had they been able to pay the exercise price of their Warrants in cash. If our shares of Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that our shares of Class A common stock satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of Warrants who exercise their Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Cashless exercise means the warrantholder pays the exercise price by giving up some of the shares for which the Warrant is being exercised, with those shares valued at the then-current market price. Accordingly, to exercise the warrants on a cashless basis, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the exercised Warrants in exchange for the issuance of that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of (A) the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the exercised Warrants, multiplied by (B) the difference between the exercise price of the Warrants and the fair market value by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the Warrants. In addition, if a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrantholders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Warrants on a cashless basis. For purposes of calculating the number of shares issuable upon such cashless exercise, the fair market value shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the date on which notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. If we choose to require holders to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis, which we may do at our sole discretion, or if holders elect to do so when there is no effective registration statement, the number of shares of Class A common stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his or her warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in the Company because the warrantholder will hold a smaller number of shares of Class A common stock upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 An investment in our securities, and certain subsequent transactions with respect to our securities, may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. An investment in our securities, and certain subsequent transactions with respect to our securities, may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to the Units we issued in our Public Offering, the allocation an investor makes of the purchase price of a Unit between the share of our Class A common stock and the one-third of one Warrant to purchase Class A common stock included in each unit could be challenged by the Internal Revenue Service IRS or the courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exchange of warrants are unclear under current law. Additionally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our shares of Class A common stock suspend the running of a U.S. holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A common stock is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be eligible for favorable U.S. federal income tax treatment. Each prospective investor is urged to consult and rely solely upon its own tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities. A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares in connection with a business combination or extension vote. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax (the Excise Tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the Excise Tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the Excise Tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. On December 27, 2022, the Treasury and the IRS released Notice 2023-02 (the Notice announcing their intention to issue proposed regulations addressing the application of the Excise Tax on repurchases of corporate stock. Until publication of the forthcoming proposed regulations, taxpayers may rely on the rules described in section 3 of the Notice. Prior to the publication of the Notice, there was significant industry concern that a redemption undertaken in the context of a SPAC liquidation would be subject to the Excise Tax. The Notice clarifies that the Excise Tax should not apply to distributions (including redemptions) in complete liquidation of SPACs or other covered corporations. However, apart from this exception for complete liquidations, the Notice broadly applies the Excise Tax to most stock repurchases, including those not traditionally viewed as stock buybacks (e.g. a repurchase of mandatorily redeemable preferred stock). Accordingly, with exceptions, any repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the Excise Tax. For purposes of the Excise Tax, the term repurchase means a redemption of shares or any similar transaction which Treasury may determine to be economically similar. To what extent the Company may be subject to the Excise Tax in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of repurchases made in connection with the business combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of the business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with the business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with the business combination but issued within the same taxable year of the business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the Excise Tax would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics and source of any required payment of the Excise Tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete our initial business combination and in our ability to complete our initial business combination and could reduce the amount of cash in the Trust Account upon a liquidation if a business combination is not consummated. III. Risks Relating to Zimmer, our Sponsor and Our Management Team Past performance by Zimmer, including our management team, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, Zimmer and its affiliates and our management team is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by Zimmer, including our management team, is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of Zimmer s or our management team s performance as indicative of our future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for the Company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and, as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with the Company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. In particular, certain of our officers and directors are employed by Zimmer, which is an investment manager to various private investment funds, which make investments in securities or other interests of or relating to companies in industries we may target for our initial business combination. Our independent directors also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our officers and directors other business affairs, please see the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Certain of our officers and directors and our Sponsor are, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business, including another blank check company that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours or that is focused on a particular industry. Moreover, certain of our officers and directors have time and attention requirements for private investment funds of which affiliates of Zimmer are the investment managers and for other business activities of affiliates of Zimmer. In addition, during the period in which we are seeking our initial business combination, Zimmer and its affiliates may form and currently manage other investment vehicles investing in public companies at any time prior to the announcement of our initial business combination, including but not limited to, investment vehicles that may invest side-by-side with the Company or in other special purpose acquisition companies which compete with the Company. Although we do not believe that Zimmer and its affiliates activities present significant conflicts of interest with respect to our pursuit of an acquisition target, certain conflicts described herein may still arise. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Our directors and officers currently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, including, without limitation, funds managed or advised by Zimmer or its affiliates, subject to their fiduciary duties. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. For further discussion of our officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interests that you should be aware of, please see Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so, or we may acquire a target business through an Affiliated Joint Acquisition with one or more affiliates of Zimmer and/or one or more investors in Zimmer Funds. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. In particular, Zimmer and its affiliates also are focused on investments in the energy industry. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for such other affiliates. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement or potential involvement of our Sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. C. John Wilder serves as a non-voting board observer and is not required to devote any time to our affairs, is not a party to the letter agreement and has other affiliations. Our Sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our directors. Despite our obligation to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm regarding the fairness to the Company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Moreover, we may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity affiliated with Zimmer and/or one or more investors in the Zimmer Funds. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such parties. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Since our Sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. On March 12, 2021, our Sponsor acquired an aggregate of 10,062,500 Founder Shares in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.002 per share. In April 2021, our Sponsor transferred 120,000 Founder Shares in the aggregate to our independent directors at their original purchase price. On June 4, 2021, our Sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 Founder Shares to us for no consideration, resulting in our Sponsor owning 8,505,000 Founder Shares and increasing the approximate price paid per Founder Share to 0.003. The number of Founder Shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such Founder Shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after the Public Offering. The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,550,000 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable for one share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, for a purchase price of 10,550,000, or 1.00 per whole warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. Holders of Founder Shares have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any Founder Shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans from our Sponsor, affiliates of our Sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the closing of our Public Offering nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. Our Sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000 for the Founder Shares, or approximately 0.002 per share. As a result of this low initial price, our Sponsor, its affiliates and our management team stand to make a substantial profit even if an initial business combination subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public stockholders. As a result of the low acquisition cost of our Founder Shares, our Sponsor, its affiliates and our management team could make a substantial profit even if we select and consummate an initial business combination with an acquisition target that subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public stockholders. Thus, such parties may have more of an economic incentive for us to enter into an initial business combination with a riskier, weaker-performing or financially unstable business, or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, than would be the case if such parties had paid the full offering price for their Founder Shares. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the Company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Our initial stockholders will control the election of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination and will hold a substantial interest in us. As a result, they will elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial stockholders own shares representing 20 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. In addition, the Founder Shares, all of which are held by our initial stockholders, will entitle the holders to elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will have no right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended by a majority of at least 90 of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. As a result, you will not have any influence over the election of directors prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of our common stock, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our initial stockholders, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our business combination. Additionally, the Zimmer Entity purchased 3,500,000 Units our Public Offering. As a result of its ownership of our Class A common stock, the Zimmer Entity is able to exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote. The Zimmer Entity may have different interests than other public stockholders, in part as a result of its indirect interests in the Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants as the sole member of the Sponsor. IV. General Risk Factors We may issue additional common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination (including pursuant to a specified future issuance) or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A common stock and/or Warrants. 

 51 

Table of Contents 
 Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company until the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our Public Offering, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700,000,000 as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. We are also a smaller reporting company as defined in Regulation S-K under the Securities Act and may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies. We may be a smaller reporting company even after we are no longer an emerging growth company. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing our initial business combination. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome for us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together, these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions (other than actions arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act) may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware (or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, any other court located in the State of Delaware with subject matter jurisdiction) and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing such suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. This provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us and our directors, officers or other employees and may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Proposals by the Biden administration could lead to changes in tax laws that could negatively impact our effective tax rate and subject our stockholders to negative tax consequences. The Biden administration FY2024 Greenbook includes proposals to, among other things, (i) raise the Excise Tax on stock buybacks from 1 to 4 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased, (ii) increase the Medicare tax rate from 3.8 to 5 and expand the scope of income subject to such tax, (iii) increase the U.S. corporate income tax to 28 , and (iv) tax long-term capital gains and qualified dividends of high-income taxpayers at ordinary income rates. If any of these (or similar) proposals are ultimately enacted into law, in whole or in part, they could have a negative impact to our effective tax rate and subject our stockholders to negative tax consequences. We cannot predict the likelihood, timing or substance of U.S. tax reform and will continue to monitor the progress of U.S. tax reform, as well as other global tax reform initiatives. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. A failure to comply with any laws and regulations may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to rules and regulations by various national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with rules and regulations of the SEC, which is charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, as well as to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations could also result in a diversion of our management s time and attention from seeking a business combination partner. Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. Those changes could also have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and results of operations. If we fail to address and comply with applicable law and regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. Item 2. Properties. Our executive offices are located at 9 West 57th Street, 33rd Floor, New York, NY 10019, and our telephone number is (212) 371-8688. Our executive offices are provided to us by an affiliate of our Sponsor. Commencing on the date of the Public Offering, we have agreed to pay Zimmer a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our Units began trading on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol ZTAQU on June 18, 2021. Commencing on August 6, 2021 holders of the Units sold in our Public Offering may elect to separately trade the shares of Class A common stock and Warrants included in the Units. The shares of Class A common stock and Warrants that are separated trade on the Nasdaq under the symbols ZT and ZTAQW, respectively. Those Units not separated continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol ZTAQU. Holders At April 13, 2023, there was one holder of record of our Units, one holder of record of our Class A common stock, four holders of record of our Class B common stock, one holder of record of our Warrants and one holder of record of our Private Placement Warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings Unregistered Sales On March 12, 2021, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,062,500 Founder Shares for an aggregate price of 25,000, or approximately 0.002 per share. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of the initial business combination, or at any time prior thereto at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights. In April 2021, our Sponsor transferred 120,000 Founder Shares in the aggregate to our independent directors at their original purchase price. On June 4, 2021, our Sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 Founder Shares to us for no consideration, resulting in our Sponsor owning 8,505,000 Founder Shares and increasing the approximate price paid per Founder Share to 0.003. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering, we completed the private sale of 10,550,000 Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to us of 10,550,000. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The sale of the Private Placement Warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Use of Proceeds On June 18, 2021, we consummated our Public Offering of 34,500,000 Units, including 4,500,000 Over-allotment Units. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 345,000,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering, we completed the private sale of 10,550,000 Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to us of 10,550,000. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Barclays Capital Inc. served as underwriters for the Public Offering. The securities sold in the Public Offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254940) (the Registration Statement ). The SEC declared the Registration Statement effective on June 15, 2021. From February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we incurred 1,376,851 for costs and expenses related to the Public Offering. In connection with the closing of the Public Offering, we paid a total of 6,200,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions. In addition, the underwriters agreed to defer 10,850,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the initial business combination. Prior to the closing of the Public Offering, the Sponsor loaned us 300,000 under the Note. We repaid this Note to our Sponsor on June 21, 2021. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion of 10,850,000, which amount will be payable upon consummation of our initial business combination) and offering expenses, the total net proceeds from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were 355,550,000, of which 345,000,000 (or 10.00 per share sold in the Public Offering) was placed in the Trust Account. There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the Public Offering and Private Placement as is described in the Company s final prospectus related to the Public Offering. For a description of the use of the proceeds generated from the Public Offering, see Item 1. Business. Item 6. [Reserved.] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on February 25, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. Our Sponsor is an affiliate of a private investment fund management by Zimmer, a Delaware limited partnership that manages several investment vehicles. Although we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business or industry, we intend to capitalize on the Zimmer platform to identify, acquire and operate a business in industries that may provide opportunities for attractive risk-adjusted returns in the energy value chain in North America, with a focus on energy transition and sustainability. This broadly includes environmental, social and governance growth-focused companies in the energy, industrial, and infrastructure sectors. The Registration Statement for our Public Offering was declared effective on June 15, 2021. On June 18, 2021, we consummated our Public Offering of 34,500,000 Units, which includes the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 4,500,000 Units, at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 345,000,000. Transaction costs for the Public Offering amounted to 18,426,851, consisting of 6,200,000 of underwriting discounts and commissions, 10,850,000 of deferred underwriting discounts and commissions, and 1,376,851 of other offering costs. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering, we completed the private sale (the Private Placement of 10,550,000 Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds to us of 10,550,000. 345,000,000 of the gross proceeds 10.00 per Unit) of the Public Offering and the Private Placement (including the Over-allotment Units) were deposited into the Trust Account with the Trustee, and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as otherwise permitted under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering, or June 18, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Results of Operations As of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to our formation and Public Offering, and, since the completion of the Public Offering, our search for a target to consummate an initial business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of an initial business combination, at the earliest. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Public Offering and placed in the Trust Account. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 27,429,567, consisting of unrealized gain on change in fair value of warrants of 26,030,169 and interest on investment held in the Trust Account of 4,802,751, offset by formation and operating costs of 1,336,891, unrealized loss on change in fair value of Forward Purchase Units of 1,132,706 and income tax expense of 933,756. For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net loss of 9,827,847 consisting of formation and operating costs of 14,388, general and administrative costs of 988,190, financing expense of 3,196,156 and offering costs allocated to Warrants of 794,474, as well as change in fair value of Warrants and Forward Purchase Units of 4,849,830, offset by income on marketable securities (net), dividends and interest on investment held in the Trust Account of 15,191. Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern On June 18, 2021, we consummated our Public Offering of 34,500,000 Units, which includes the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 4,500,000 Units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant. Each whole Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, and only whole Warrants are exercisable. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 345,000,000. Since August 6, 2021, holders of the Units may elect to separately trade the shares of Class A common stock and Warrants included in the Units. No fractional Warrants are issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Warrants trade. Simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering and the issuance and sale of the Units on June 18, 2021, we consummated the Private Placement of 10,550,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of 10,550,000. Transaction costs for the Public Offering amounted to 18,426,851, consisting of 6,200,000 of underwriting discounts and commissions, 10,850,000 of deferred underwriting discounts and commissions, and 1,376,851 of other offering costs. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Upon closing of the Public Offering and the Private Placement, a total of 345,000,000 10.00 per Unit) was placed in the Trust Account. The proceeds held in the Trust Account have been invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash outside our Trust Account of 897,498 and had working capital of 996,538 (excluding franchise and income taxes payable). The reduction in cash balances outside of our Trust Account is attributable to payment of expenses related to administrative and operating activities. All remaining cash from the Public Offering is held in the Trust Account and is generally unavailable for use prior to an initial business combination. We believe the cash outside of our Trust Account will be sufficient to meet the expenditures required for operating our business through June 18, 2023, but might not be sufficient to meet expenditures required for operating our business for the twelve-month period following the date the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are filed. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less franchise and income taxes payable and deferred underwriting discounts and commissions) and the proceeds from the sale of the Forward Purchase Units to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay our franchise and income taxes. We estimate our annual franchise tax obligations for the taxable years beginning after the completion of our Public Offering, based on the number of shares of our common stock authorized and outstanding after the completion of our Public Offering, to be 200,000, which is the maximum amount of annual franchise taxes payable by us as a Delaware corporation per annum. We will also be liable for income tax based on the results of operations and applicable tax rates. We will pay both franchise and income taxes from funds from the Public Offering held outside of the Trust Account or from interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account and released by the Trustee to use for this purpose. Our 2022 franchise tax amounted to 200,000. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account reduced by our operating expense and franchise taxes. We expect the interest earned on the amount in the Trust Account will be sufficient to pay our income taxes. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior to our initial business combination. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such initial business combination, which may include a specified future issuance. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. As a result of the above, in connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the Company expects to have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through June 18, 2023, but the liquidity conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering to complete the initial Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete the initial business combination within such time period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income taxes (less up to 105,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within such time period. Commitments and Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than as described below. Registration Rights The holders of the (i) Founder Shares, (ii) Private Placement Warrants and (iii) private placement warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement dated as of June 15, 2021. The holders of at least 20 in interest of the then-outstanding number of these securities are entitled to demand that we file a registration statement covering such securities subsequent to the completion of the initial business combination and to require us to effect up to an aggregate of three underwritten offerings of such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial business combination. In addition, the shares of Class A common stock and Warrants (and underlying shares of Class A common stock) purchased by the Zimmer Entity as part of the Units in the Public Offering are entitled to registration rights under the registration rights agreement. The Zimmer Entity is not subject to any lock-up period with respect to any securities it purchased in the Public Offering. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreements, we agreed to use reasonable best efforts (i) to file within 30 days after the closing of the initial business combination a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the Forward Purchase Shares and the Forward Purchase Warrants (and underlying shares of Class A common stock), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than 60 days after the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which the Forward Purchasers or their respective assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby, and (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (iv) after such registration statement is declared effective, cause us to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the Forward Purchase Agreements provide for certain piggy-back registration rights to the holders of Forward Purchase Securities to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. Administrative Services Agreement Pursuant to an administrative services agreement, dated June 15, 2021, we have agreed to pay Zimmer a total of 10,000 per month from funds held outside the Trust Account for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial business combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, 65,333 of administrative fees was incurred and included in due to related party on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 120,000 of administrative fees was incurred, out of which 60,000 were outstanding and included in due to related party on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Forward Purchase Agreements On June 11, 2021, we entered into Forward Purchase Agreements with the Zimmer Entity and Bluescape Resources. Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreements, the Zimmer Entity agreed to purchase 10,000,000 Forward Purchase Units and Bluescape Resources agreed to purchase up to 10,000,000 Forward Purchase Units, with each Forward Purchase Unit consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one warrant to purchase one share of Class A common stock, at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, for a purchase price of 10.00 per Forward Purchase Unit. The obligation of Bluescape Resources to purchase the Forward Purchase Units pursuant to its Forward Purchase Agreement is subject to the approval of its investment committee. The purchase of the Forward Purchase Units will take place in one or more private placements to occur concurrently and only in connection with the closing of the initial business combination. The proceeds from the sale of Forward Purchase Units may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination, expenses in connection with the initial business combination or for working capital in the post-business combination company. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters in the Public Offering are entitled to deferred underwriting discounts and commissions of 10,850,000, which will be payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have not identified any critical accounting estimates other than estimates and assumptions related to the input values in the valuation models used in the valuation of the Company s Private Placement Warrants and Forward Purchase Units, classified as Level 3 in the hierarchy of fair value measurements of financial instruments, specifically, assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility (pre-merger and post-merger), expected term, dividend yield and risk-free interest rate. The pre-merger volatility is based on our understanding of the volatility associated with instruments of other similar entities. The post-merger volatility is derived using a Monte Carlo simulation to solve for the volatility implied by the trading price of the public warrants as of the valuation date. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is estimated based on our assumptions regarding the timing and likelihood of completing an initial business combination. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which we anticipate to remain at zero. We evaluate such estimates and assumptions each reporting period and reflect changes in the valuation methodologies that we use. For further discussion of these items and their impact on the values of financial instruments included in our financial statements, see Note 5 Derivative Financial Instruments to our financial statements required by Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Please see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our financial statements required by Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. We are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f) of Regulation S-K. As a result, pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The financial statements required by this item are set forth following Item 16 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Certifying Officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, due solely to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the classification of reinvestment of gain on marketable securities held in our Trust Account in cash flows from operating activities rather than cash flows from investing activities in the statements of cash flows for the quarter ended December 31, 2022. Remediation Plan To address this material weakness, management plans to provide processes and controls over the internal communications within the Company and its financial advisors. We plan to include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding accounting. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, due solely to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the classification of reinvestment of gain on marketable securities held in our Trust Account in cash flows from operating activities rather than cash flows from investing activities in the statements of cash flows. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Other than as discussed above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Our current executive officers and directors are set forth below: 

Name Age Position Stuart J. Zimmer 54 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board Jonathan Cohen 47 Chief Financial Officer and Director Kimberly M. Blank 53 Director Paul J. Evanson 81 Director Benjamin M. Fink 52 Director C. John Wilder 64 Independent Non-Voting Board Observer Stuart J. Zimmer has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board since February 2021. Mr. Zimmer has served as the Portfolio Manager and Chief Executive Officer of Zimmer, which is the investment manager of ZP Utility Fund, L.P., ZP Offshore Utility Fund, Ltd. and the Zimmer Entity (collectively, the Utility Fund since Zimmer s inception in 2012. From 1997 - 2012 Mr. Zimmer served as Portfolio Manager to the predecessor investment manager of the Utility Fund. In 1991, he joined Steinhardt Partners, whose Founder and Managing Partner, Michael Steinhardt, is generally recognized as an influential pioneer in the hedge fund industry. At Steinhardt, Mr. Zimmer was a research analyst with a focus on energy investments, including electric and gas utilities. His experience at Steinhardt also included trading of equities, fixed income, options, currencies, and derivatives. In 1993, Mr. Zimmer left Steinhardt Partners to start a utility hedge fund sponsored by Commodities Corp., where he was responsible for conducting fundamental research on electric and gas utilities. Mr. Zimmer graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Harvard College with Honors in Mathematics. We believe Mr. Zimmer s extensive experience as a portfolio manager of energy and infrastructure companies and expertise in analyzing companies and opportunities regardless of industry qualify him to serve on our board of directors. Jonathan Cohen has served as our Chief Financial Officer and director since February 2021. Mr. Cohen has over 23 years of experience in the finance industry and has spent the last 13 years covering U.S. utilities, independent power producers, renewable energy and clean technology companies. Mr. Cohen is head of the Clean Energy Group at Zimmer. Prior to joining Zimmer, from January 2018 to July 2019, Mr. Cohen was the Chief Financial Officer at Lancium, a technology company that designs software and solutions for responsive loads. He previously served as an Investment Analyst at Millennium Partners, a global investment management firm, from September 2014 to November 2017, and as an Analyst at ISI Group, LLC from 2011 to 2014. Prior to that time, he was an Analyst at Morgan Stanley from June 2009 to September 2011. Mr. Cohen has also held Investment Banking and Equity Research positions at Deutsche Bank, Credit Suisse, Lazard, and Citi, both in the U.S. and in Australia. Mr. Cohen holds a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. We believe Mr. Cohen s strong background in finance and experience analyzing power markets and renewable energy and clean-technology companies qualify him to serve on our board of directors. Kimberly M. Blank has been a member of our board of directors since June 2021. Ms. Blank also serves as a member of our audit committee and as the Chairperson of our compensation committee. Ms. Blank has over fifteen years of experience as a management consultant, serving clients in a variety of industries including media, financial services, education, and private equity. Since 2006, she has worked as an Alumni Consultant for McKinsey Company, working for nonprofit institutions and on internal projects. Ms. Blank has also worked as a private equity investor at E.M. Warburg Pincus and Co. She currently serves as the Chairperson of the Education Committee of the Representative Town Meeting RTM for Greenwich, Connecticut, and has been an elected representative to the RTM since 2008. An active community volunteer, Ms. Blank has served on the boards of multiple Greenwich PTAs, the Greenwich Chapter of the American Red Cross, Families for Greenwich Hospital, the Red Ribbon Foundation, and the Putnam Indian Field School. She has also worked as a fundraising volunteer for Harvard College, PEN America, and Carnegie Hall. Ms. Blank has an A.B. summa cum laude from Harvard College and a J.D. from Yale Law School. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 We believe Ms. Blank s experience as a management consultant across various industries qualifies her to serve on our board of directors. Paul J. Evanson has been a member of our board of directors since June 2021. Mr. Evanson also serves as a member of our audit committee and compensation committee. Mr. Evanson has spent almost his entire career as an executive in the corporate world, primarily in the electric utility industry. From March 2013 to January 2018, Mr. Evanson served on the board of directors of American Water Works Company, Inc., including as the chair of the compensation committee of such board of directors. From 2003 to 2011, Mr. Evanson served as Chief Executive Officer, President and Chair of Allegheny Energy, Inc. (AYE), a regulated utility that served four mid-Atlantic states and had an unregulated generating company. From 1992 to 2003, Mr. Evanson served as President of Florida Power and Light, the largest utility in the state of Florida, and as a member of the board of directors of its public holding company, now known as NextEra. During this time, Mr. Evanson was a trustee of the North American Electricity Reliability Council, which was responsible for the reliability of the entire U.S. electric network and as Chair of the Florida Reliability Coordinating Council, which was responsible for the reliability of the Florida network. Mr. Evanson has a B.B.A. degree, magna cum laude, from St. John s University, a J.D. degree, cum laude, from Columbia Law School, and an LL.M. degree from New York University School of Law. He was also awarded an honorary D.C.S. degree from St. John s University. We believe Mr. Evanson s extensive experience serving on the boards of directors of public companies in the electrical power industry, particularly as an independent director, qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. Benjamin M. Fink has been a member of our board of directors since June 2021. Mr. Fink also serves as the Chairman of our audit committee and as a member of our compensation committee. Mr. Fink served as Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Anadarko Petroleum Corporation from November 2018 until August 2019. Prior to that time, Mr. Fink served as Senior Vice President beginning in February 2017 and previously served as Vice President, Finance and Assistant Treasurer since May 2013, having joined Anadarko in 2007. During his time at Anadarko, Mr. Fink also served as Chairman of the Board of the general partner of Western Gas Equity Partners, LP and the general partner of Western Gas Holdings, LP from November 2018 until August 2019. He served as President of the general partner of Western Gas Equity Partners, LP and the general partner of Western Gas Holdings, LP from May 2017 to November 2018 and as Chief Executive Officer from May 2017 to December 2018. In addition, he served as a director of the general partner of Western Gas Equity Partners, LP and the general partner of Western Gas Holdings, LP from February 2017 to August 2019. He previously served as President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the general partner of Western Gas Equity Partners, LP and the general partner of Western Gas Holdings, LP from February 2017 to May 2017, and as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the general partner of Western Gas Equity Partners, LP from its formation in September 2012 to February 2017, and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the general partner of Western Gas Holdings, LP since May 2009. Prior to joining Anadarko, Mr. Fink served as an independent financial consultant to the company in its former Beijing, China, and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, offices. Mr. Fink currently serves on the boards of directors of SCM Topco, LLC and FS Crude Parent LLC. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst. We believe Mr. Fink s status as a qualified financial expert and extensive experience as a financial manager of large, public companies qualify him to serve on our board of directors. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 C. John Wilder has been our independent non-voting board observer since June 2021. C. John Wilder has served as the Executive Chairperson, Non-Independent Director, and Chief Executive Officer of Bluescape Opportunities Acquisition Corp. since July 2020. Mr. Wilder is also the Executive Chairperson and member of the Investment Committee of three investment vehicles: (i) Bluescape Resources (ii) Parallel Resource Partners (iii) and Bluescape Energy Partners. Mr. Wilder serves as Chairperson of the Board and director on several portfolio companies. Mr. Wilder is the Executive Chairman of Bluescape, founded in 2007 as an alternative investment firm that leverages its private capital, global network, and deep domain expertise to deliver differentiated long-term investment performance in the oil and gas, energy infrastructure, power, and utilities with over 2.7 billion under management as of December 31, 2020. Mr. Wilder started in the energy business in Texas almost 40 years ago with the Royal Dutch/Shell Group, where he rose to the position of Chief Executive Officer of Shell Capital in London, before serving as Chief Financial Officer of Entergy and Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer of TXU Corp. For his achievements at TXU, the Harvard Business Review named Mr. Wilder twice as one of the Best-Performing CEOs in the World, ranking 24th among 2,000 CEOs from publicly traded companies in 33 countries in 2010, and 74 th among 3,143 CEOs from publicly traded companies in 50+ countries in 2013. No other United States power company executive was honored in either of these rankings. During Mr. Wilder s leadership, TXU delivered 65 annualized returns to shareholders and ranked 5th best among the S P 500. In addition, Mr. Wilder was named to Ten Best CEOs in America by Institutional Investor in 2004 and was named Best CEO and CFO in the Electric Power Sector in multiple years by Institutional Investor. Mr. Wilder earned a Master s in Business Administration from The University of Texas, and he graduated magna cum laude from Southeast Missouri State University with a Bachelor s in Business Administration, also receiving the university s Distinguished Alumni Award. Mr. Wilder serves on the board of directors of Evergy, Inc. Mr. Wilder is on the advisory boards of the McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin and the A.B. Freeman School of Business at Tulane University. He is a former advisory board member of the Global Energy Management Institute, University of Houston, and the Energy Management and Innovation Center, University of Texas. Mr. Wilder is also Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Texas Health Resources and is a past member of the National Petroleum Council, a U.S. Secretary of Energy appointment. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors We have five directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Kimberly M. Blank, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Jonathan Cohen and Paul J. Evanson, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Stuart J. Zimmer and Benjamin M. Fink, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. Holders of our Founder Shares have the right to elect all of our directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares do not have the right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended if approved by a majority of at least 90 of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. Approval of our initial business combination will require the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors, which must include a majority of our independent directors and a majority of the non-independent directors nominated by our Sponsor. C. John Wilder will serve as a non-voting board observer until the consummation of an initial business combination. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Audit Committee Kimberly M. Blank, Paul J. Evanson and Benjamin M. Fink serve as members of our audit committee. Benjamin M. Fink serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Our board of directors has determined that each of Ms. Blank, Mr. Evanson and Mr. Fink are independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Benjamin M. Fink qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the independent registered public accounting firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction and reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 Compensation Committee Kimberly M. Blank, Paul J. Evanson and Benjamin M. Fink serve as members of our compensation committee. Kimberly M. Blank serves as the Chairperson of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Our board of directors has determined that each of Ms. Blank, Mr. Evanson and Mr. Fink are independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the 10,000 per month administrative fee payable to Zimmer and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the closing of a business combination. Accordingly, prior to the closing of an initial business combination, the compensation committee is only responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee. In accordance with Rule 5605(e) of the Nasdaq Rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. Our board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. Our board of directors also considers director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. Code of Ethics and Committee Charters We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the Registration Statement. You can review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Our Code of Ethics and audit committee and compensation committee charters are also available on our website, www.zimmerenergy.com. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us in writing at 9 West 57th Street, 33rd Floor, New York, NY 10019 and by telephone at (212) 371-8688. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Conflicts of Interest Zimmer manages several investment vehicles. Zimmer Funds or their affiliates (including Zimmer and their affiliates in which certain of our Sponsor, officers and directors have a substantial personal investment) may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these funds decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within Zimmer may be suitable for both us and for a current or future Zimmer Fund and may be directed to such investment vehicle rather than to us. Neither Zimmer nor members of our management team who are also employed by Zimmer have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware. Zimmer and/or our management, in their capacities as officers or managing directors of Zimmer or in their other endeavors, may be required to present potential business combinations to the related entities, current or future Zimmer investment vehicles, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. Such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such fund or vehicle. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such other entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. In addition, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. In addition, Zimmer or its affiliates, including our officers and directors who are affiliated with Zimmer, may sponsor or form other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination, and members of our management team may participate in such blank check companies. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among the management teams. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Investors and potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our Public Offering. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares are not transferable, assignable or saleable until the earlier of: (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (ii) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our Sponsor and officers and directors directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Our Sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 
 The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity 
 the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business and it would not be fair to the Company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 
 Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our officers or directors in circumstances where the application of the doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, board observer or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that such initial business combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view. In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote any Founder Shares held by them and any public shares in favor of our initial business combination, and our officers and directors have also agreed to vote any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Item 11. Executive Compensation. None of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We pay Zimmer a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely of independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 13, 2023 by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock each of our named executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock underlying the Warrants or the Private Placement Warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Number of Number of Shares Approximate Shares Beneficially Percentage Beneficially Approximate Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned of Class Owned Percentage(2) Our Sponsor, Directors and Executive Officers Stuart J. Zimmer(3) 3,500,000 10.1 8,505,000 19.7 Jonathan Cohen Kimberly M. Blank 35,000 Paul J. Evanson 50,000 35,000 Benjamin M. Fink 50,000 All directors and executive officers as a group (five individuals) 3,550,000 10.3 8,625,000 (4) 20.00 Other 5 Stockholders Electron Capital Partners, LLC(4) 3,000,000 8.7 Adage Capital Partners GP, L.L.C(5) 2,700,000 7.8 Covalis Capital LLP(6) 2,000,000 5.8 Infinity Investment Partners Limited(7) 2,000,000 5.8 

 Less than 1 . (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp., 9 West 57th Street, 33rd Floor, New York, NY 10019. (2) Based on 43,125,000 shares of common stock outstanding at March 29, 2022, of which 34,500,000 were shares of Class A common stock and 8,625,000 were shares of Class B common stock. Interests shown consist solely of Founder Shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 (3) 8,505,000 shares of Class B common stock are held of record by ZETA Sponsor LLC and 3,500,000 shares of Class A common stock included in Units purchased in the Public Offering are held directly by the Zimmer Entity. The Zimmer Entity may be deemed to exercise voting and investment power over and have beneficial ownership of the securities held by ZETA Sponsor LLC as the sole member of ZETA Sponsor LLC. Zimmer is the investment manager of the Zimmer Entity. The Zimmer Entity has delegated to Zimmer, as investment manager, sole voting and investment power over securities held by the Zimmer Entity pursuant to its investment management agreement with Zimmer. As a result, Zimmer may be deemed to beneficially own the shares of Class A common stock held by the Zimmer Entity and may be deemed to have voting and investment power over the shares of Class B common stock held by ZETA Sponsor LLC. Zimmer Partners GP, LLC Zimmer GP is the general partner of Zimmer and Zimmer Financial Services Group LLC ZFSG is the sole member of Zimmer GP. Stuart J. Zimmer, and a trust for his benefit, are the sole members of ZFSG. Each of Zimmer GP, ZFSG and Stuart J. Zimmer may be deemed to exercise voting and investment power over and have beneficial ownership of the shares of Class A common stock held by the Zimmer Entity and the shares of Class B common stock held by ZETA Sponsor LLC due to their relationship with the Zimmer Entity. (4) Based solely upon the Schedule 13G filed by Electron Capital Partners, LLC, James O. Shaver, Electron Global Master Fund L.P., Electron GP LLC, Electron Infrastructure Master Fund L.P. and Electron Infrastructure GP, LLC (collectively, the Electron Reporting Persons on June 29, 2021. Electron Capital Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser ), serves as the investment manager to each of Electron Global Master Fund L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership (the Global Fund ), Electron Infrastructure Master Fund L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership (the Infrastructure Fund ), and two separately managed accounts (the Managed Accounts ). The Global Fund directly holds 1,752,300 Units, the Infrastructure Fund directly holds 1,167,300 Units and the Managed Accounts directly hold 55,500 and 24,900 Units, respectively. The Adviser may be deemed to beneficially own such Units. Mr. Shaver is the managing member of the Adviser and may be deemed to beneficially own such shares. The business address of each of the Electron Reporting Persons is 10 East 53rd Street, 19th Floor, New York, NY 10022. (5) Based solely upon the Schedule 13G filed by Adage Capital Partners, L.P., Adage Capital Partners GP, L.L.C., Adage Capital Advisors, L.L.C., Robert Atchinson and Phillip Gross (collectively, the Adage Reporting Persons on June 28, 2021. Adage Capital Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ACP ), has the power to dispose of and the power to vote the shares of Class A common stock beneficially owned by it, which power may be exercised by its general partner, Adage Capital Partners GP, L.L.C., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware ACPGP ). Adage Capital Advisors, L.L.C., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware ACA ), as managing member of ACPGP, directs ACPGP s operations. Neither ACPGP nor ACA directly own any shares of Class A common stock. By reason of the provisions of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, ACPGP and ACA may be deemed to beneficially own the shares owned by ACP. Messrs. Atchinson and Gross, as managing members of ACA, have shared power to vote the shares of Class A common stock beneficially owned by ACP. Neither Mr. Atchinson nor Mr. Gross directly own any shares of Class A common stock. By reason of the provisions of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, each may be deemed to beneficially own the shares beneficially owned by ACP. The business address of each of the Adage Reporting Persons is 200 Clarendon Street, 52nd Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. (6) Based solely upon the Schedule 13G filed by Covalis Capital LLP on February 14, 2022. The business address of Covalis Capital LLP is 52 Conduit Street, London W1S 2YX, United Kingdom. (7) Based solely upon the Schedule 13G filed by Infinity Investment Partners Limited and Michele Gesualdi (collectively, the Infinity Reporting Persons on February 14, 2022. Infinity Investment Partners Limited, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the United Kingdom (the Investment Manager ), serves as the investment manager to certain funds and accounts (the Infinity Funds ). Mr. Gesuldi is a founding partner and the Chief Investment Officer of the Investment Manager with respect to Infinity Funds and may be deemed to beneficially own such shares. The business address of each of the Infinity Reporting Persons is Lansdowne House 57 Berkeley Square, London W1J 6ER, United Kingdom. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Changes in Control None. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Founder Shares On March 12, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 10,062,500 Founder Shares to our Sponsor in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.002 per share. The number of Founder Shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such Founder Shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of our Public Offering. In April 2021, our Sponsor transferred 120,000 Founder Shares in the aggregate to our independent director s at their original purchase price. On June 4, 2021, our Sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 Founder Shares to us for no consideration, resulting in 8,625,000 Founder Shares outstanding, our Sponsor owning 8,505,000 Founder Shares and increasing the approximate price paid per Founder Share to 0.003. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have waived their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. If the initial business combination is not completed within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them. The initial stockholders have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering, we completed the private sale of 10,550,000 Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to us of 10,550,000. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from the Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to partially fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Placement Warrants and all underlying securities will expire worthless. Subject to limited exceptions, the Private Placement Warrants are non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The Zimmer Entity Units The Zimmer Entity purchased 3,500,000 Units in the Public Offering at the Public Offering price. The Zimmer Entity has the same redemption rights and rights to the funds held in the Trust Account with respect to the Class A common stock it purchased as part of the public Units in the Public Offering as the rights afforded to our public stockholders. Forward Purchase Units We entered into Forward Purchase Agreements with the Zimmer Entity and Bluescape Resources providing for the purchase by (i) the Zimmer Entity of an aggregate of 10,000,000 Forward Purchase Units and (ii) Bluescape Resources of an aggregate of up to 10,000,000 Forward Purchase Units, in each case at a purchase price of 10.00 per Forward Purchase Unit, in private placements to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. The proceeds from the sale of Forward Purchase Securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business combination, expenses in connection with our initial business combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. The Forward Purchase Shares and Forward Purchase Warrants (and underlying shares of Class A common stock) are subject to registration rights, as more fully described in Registration Rights below. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Conflicts of Interest As more fully discussed in Part III, Item 10, Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Administrative Services Agreement The Company has agreed to pay Zimmer a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded 120,000 of monthly fees to Zimmer, 60,000 of which were outstanding at December 31, 2022. Our Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. Related Party Loans and Advances Prior to the Public Offering, our Sponsor loaned us 300,000 to cover organizational expenses and expenses related to the Public Offering pursuant to the Note. We repaid the Note to our Sponsor on June 21, 2021. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant of the post-business combination entity at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Registration Rights The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into in connection with our Public Offering, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to our Class A common stock). The holders of at least 20 in interest of these securities are entitled to demand that we file a registration statement covering such securities and to require us to effect up to an aggregate of three underwritten offerings of such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. The securities the Zimmer Entity purchased in the Public Offering are control securities and we have agreed to file a registration statement to register the resale of the shares of Class A common stock and warrants (and underlying shares of Class A common stock) purchased by the Zimmer Entity as part of the Units in the Public Offering. The Zimmer Entity is not subject to any lock-up period with respect to any securities purchased in the Public Offering. Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreements, we have agreed to use our reasonable best efforts (i) to file within 30 days after the closing of the initial business combination a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the Forward Purchase Shares and the Forward Purchase Warrants (and underlying shares of Class A common stock), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than 60 days after the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which the Zimmer Entity, Bluescape Resources or their respective assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby and (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (iv) after such registration statement is declared effective, cause us to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the Forward Purchase Agreements provide for piggy-back registration rights to the holders of Forward Purchase Securities to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. Related Party Policy Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our Code of Ethics, conflict of interest situations include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the Company. In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present is required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee constitutes a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee is required to approve a related party transaction. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our Sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, the following payments will be made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates: Payment to Zimmer of 10,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination and Repayment of loans which may be made by our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. 
 Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Kimberly M. Blank, Paul J. Evanson and Benjamin M. Fink are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. Fees for professional services provided by BDO USA, LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, since inception include: 

For the Period from February 25, 2021 For the year ended (Inception) Through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Audit Fees (1) 89,300 164,848 Audit-Related Fees (2) Tax Fees (3) 9,756 All Other Fees (4) Total 99,056 164,848 

 (1) Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. (2) Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. (3) Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. (4) All Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. 
 Policy on Board Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors The audit committee is responsible for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of our independent registered public accounting firm. In recognition of this responsibility, the audit committee shall review and, in its sole discretion, pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm as provided under the audit committee charter. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following documents are filed as part of the Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Financial Statements: See Index to Financial Statements set forth following Item 16 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (b) Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40500) filed with the SEC on June 21, 2021) 3.2 Bylaws of Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254940) filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021) 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254940) filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021) 4.2 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254940) filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021) 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254940) filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021) 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, between Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40500) filed with the SEC on June 21, 2021) 4.5 Description of Securities of Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-40500) filed with the SEC on March 29, 2022) 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, among Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp., its officers and directors and ZETA Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40500) filed with the SEC on June 21, 2021) 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, between Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40500) filed with the SEC on June 21, 2021) 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, among Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. and certain security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40500) filed with the SEC on June 21, 2021) 10.4 Administrative Services Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, between Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. and Zimmer Partners, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40500) filed with the SEC on June 21, 2021) 10.5 Forward Purchase Agreement, dated June 11, 2021, between Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. and ZP Master Utility Fund, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40500) filed with the SEC on June 21, 2021) 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 10.6 Forward Purchase Agreement, dated June 11, 2021, between Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. and Bluescape Resources Company LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40500) filed with the SEC on June 21, 2021) 10.7 Promissory Note, dated as of March 12, 2021, issued by Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254940) filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021) 10.8 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40500) filed with the SEC on June 21, 2021) 10.9 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated March 12, 2021, between Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. and ZETA Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254940) filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021) 10.10 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated May 6, 2021, between Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. and ZETA Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-254940) filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021) 24 Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

 Filed herewith Furnished herewith Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID # F - 2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F - 3 Statements of Operations F - 4 Statements of Changes in Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit F - 5 Statements of Cash Flows F - 6 Notes to Financial Statements F - 7 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in common stock subject to possible redemption and stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern Uncertainty The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company does not have sufficient cash and working capital to sustain its operations and the Company s ability to execute its business plan is dependent upon its consummation of an initial business combination described in Note 1 to the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ BDO USA, LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. New York, New York April 13, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Marketable securities held in Trust Account Prepaid expenses non-current portion Total Assets Liabilities, Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Income tax payable Due to related party Total current liabilities Warrant liabilities Forward purchase unit derivative liabilities Deferred underwriting discounts and commissions Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 7) Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares subject to possible redemption at redemption value Stockholders deficit: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total Liabilities, Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period from February 25, 2021 For the Year Ended (Inception) Through December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Formation and operating costs Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Unrealized gain (loss) on fair value of warrants ) Unrealized loss on fair value of forward purchase units ) ) Gain on marketable securities (net), dividends and interest on marketable securities held in Trust Account Offering costs allocated to warrants ) Financing expense ) Total other income (expense), net ) Income (loss) before provision for income taxes ) Provision for income taxes ) Net income (loss) ) Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A common stock subject to redemption Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 25, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption Common Stock Additional Total Class A Class B Paid-In Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of February 25, 2021 (inception) Issuance of Founder Shares Sale of public shares, net of issuance cost Accretion of Class A Stock to redemption value ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Accretion of Class A Stock to redemption value ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period from February 25, 2021 For the Year Ended (Inception) Through December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Change in fair value of warrants ) Change in fair value of forward purchase units Gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account ) Excess fair value of private placement warrants and forward purchase units over purchase price Offering costs allocated to warrants Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accrued investment income on marketable securities held in Trust Account ) Prepaid expenses ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Due to related party ) Income tax payable Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay taxes Reinvestment of gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account ) Investment of marketable securities held in Trust Account ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from sale of common stock to initial stockholders Proceeds from initial public offering, net of costs Proceeds from private placement Proceeds from related party Payments of offering costs ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities Net Change in Cash ) Cash - Beginning Cash Ending Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Financing Activities: Accretion of Class A common stock to redemption value Deferred underwriting discounts and commissions The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company may pursue an initial Business Combination target in any business or industry. The Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering IPO ), which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the IPO. The Company s sponsor is ZETA Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of a private investment fund managed by Zimmer Partners, LP. The registration statement for the Company s IPO was declared effective on June 15, 2021. On June 18, 2021, the Company consummated the IPO of units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units, the public shares ), which includes the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase an additional Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of per Private Placement Warrant. Transaction costs of the IPO amounted to , consisting of of underwriting discounts and commissions, of deferred underwriting discounts and commissions, and of other offering costs. Following the closing of the IPO on June 18, 2021, per Unit) from the net offering proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, with a maturity of or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its franchise and income tax obligations, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of the Business Combination; (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the public shares if the Company does not complete the Business Combination within from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A common stock or pre-initial Business Combination activity or (3) the redemption of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete the Business Combination within from the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable law. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 per public share. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The Company will have only from the closing of the IPO (the Combination Period to complete the initial Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. On June 15, 2021, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they agreed to waive: (1) their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares (as defined below) and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination and (2) their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the Business Combination within the prescribed time frame). The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (1) per public share and (2) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the assets in the Trust Account, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations, and the Company believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for the initial Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than per public share. In such event, the Company may not be able to complete the initial Business Combination, and a public stockholder would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of the public shares. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 in cash and working capital of (net of franchise and income taxes payable). Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the IPO and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined below). As of December 31, 2022, there were amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. Based on the foregoing, management believes that the Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or June 18, 2023 (the Liquidation Deadline ), but may not have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through the period that ends twelve months from the date the financial statements are filed. Over the time period through the Liquidation Deadline, the Company will be using the funds held outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, suspending the pursuit of an initial Business Combination. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. As a result of the above, in connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the Company expects to have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through June 18, 2023, but the liquidity conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through the twelve-month period from the date the financial statements are filed. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Risks and Uncertainties Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Russia-Ukraine war, recent turmoil in the banking sector and volatility in the financial markets, and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that these uncertainties could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 from the Trust Account to pay its liability for Delaware franchise tax obligations. On March 6, 2023, the Company withdrew from the Trust Account to pay its liability for Delaware franchise tax obligations. Franchise tax expense is included in the formation and operating costs in the Company s Statements of Operations. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is presented, at redemption value, as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are reflected in additional paid-in capital, or in the absence of additional paid-in capital, in accumulated deficit. For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an accretion of , of which was recorded in additional paid-in capital and was recorded in accumulated deficit. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded in accretion related to earnings accrued on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. Accretion attributable to the holders of the Company s Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is reduced by the amounts that the Company withdrew to pay its liability for Delaware franchise tax obligations. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company has identified the United States as its only major tax jurisdiction. The Company is subject to income taxation by major taxing authorities since inception. These examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. ) Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value ) ) Net income (loss) including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value ) 
 F-12 

Table of Contents ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 ) ) Allocation of accretion of temporary equity to redemption value Allocation of net income (loss) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the Company s earnings. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic income (loss) per share for the periods presented. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Units (including Units pursuant to the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option) at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock, par value per share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant in the aggregate), each exercisable to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share. A portion of the purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. The Company recorded the excess of the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants over the proceeds of as a financing expense at the time of IPO. share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) after the consummation of a Business Combination or (b) from the closing of the IPO. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or its affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the newly issued price and (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the newly issued price, the per share redemption trigger price described below under Redemption of warrants for cash when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the newly issued price, and the per share redemption trigger price described below under Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds but is lower than will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the newly issued price. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. On the exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to the Company and not placed in the Trust Account. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a Unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the Unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such Unit. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen ) business days, after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will be required to use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants for cash: in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption; and if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (such price, the market value ). 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds but is lower than Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant, provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the shares of Class A common stock; 
 F-15 

Table of Contents ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 prior written notice of redemption; if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) on the trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock on the trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 
 The fair market value of the Class A common stock shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. The Company will provide its warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the -trading day period described above ends. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than shares of Class A common stock per whole warrant (subject to adjustment). The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except as described above, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. If a tender offer, exchange or redemption offer shall have been made to and accepted by the holders of the Class A common stock (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the Company in connection with redemption rights held by stockholders as provided for in the amended and restated certificate of incorporation or as a result of the repurchase of shares of Class A common stock by the Company if a proposed initial Business Combination is presented to the stockholders for approval) and upon completion of such offer, the offeror owns beneficially more than of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock, the holder of the warrant shall be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a stockholder if such warrant had been exercised, accepted such offer and all of the Class A common stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to the offer. If less than of the consideration receivable by the holders of the Class A common stock in the applicable event is payable in the form of common equity in the successor entity that is listed on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, and if the holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within following the public disclosure of the consummation of the applicable event by the Company, the warrant price shall be reduced by an amount equal to the difference (but in no event less than zero) of (i) the warrant price in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined in the warrant agreement) minus (B) the value of the warrant based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Model for a Capped American Call on Bloomberg Financial Markets. The Company accounts for the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants as liabilities in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity. Because the Company does not control the occurrence of events, such as a tender offer or exchange, that may trigger cash settlement of the warrants where not all of the stockholders also receive cash, the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, as such, the warrants must be recorded as a derivative liability. Additionally, certain adjustments to the settlement amount of the Private Placement Warrants are based on a variable that is not an input to the fair value of a fixed-for-fixed option as defined under ASC 815-40, and thus the Private Placement Warrants are not considered indexed to the Company s own stock and not eligible for an exception from derivative accounting. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 units and Bluescape Resources agreed to purchase up to units, with each unit consisting of share of Class A common stock and one -third of one warrant to purchase share of Class A common stock, at per share, subject to adjustment, for a purchase price of per unit (the Forward Purchase Units ). The shares of Class A common stock to be issued under the Forward Purchase Agreements will have no redemption rights and will have no right to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account. The warrants to be issued as part of the Forward Purchase Agreements will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. The purchase of the Forward Purchase Units will take place in one or more private placements to occur concurrently and only in connection with the closing of the Business Combination. The forward purchase shares and forward purchase warrants (and underlying shares of Class A common stock) are subject to registration rights. The obligation of Bluescape Resources to purchase the Forward Purchase Units pursuant to the Uncommitted FPA is subject to the approval of its investment committee. The Company accounts for the Forward Purchase Agreements in accordance with the guidance in ASC 815-40 and accounts for such agreements as derivative liability/asset. The value of the liability/asset is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date, with changes in fair value recognized in the Statements of Operations. Liabilities: Warrant liabilities ) ) ) Forward purchase unit liabilities ) ) Total ) ) The following presents the Company s fair value hierarchy for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021. Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Marketable securities held in Trust Account U.S. Money Market Liabilities: Warrant liabilities ) ) ) Forward purchase unit liabilities ) ) Total ) The marketable securities held in the Trust Account are invested in money market funds and are classified as Level 1 in the hierarchy of fair value measurements. They are measured at the net asset value basis based on the active market exchanges. During the period ended December 31, 2021, the Public Warrants began trading separately on August 6, 2021 at the option of the holder, and thus were transferred from Level 3 to Level 1 during the three months ended September 30, 2021. The Company transferred the Private Placement Warrants from Level 3 to Level 2 during the three months ended March 31, 2022, as the inputs significant to the valuation became observable as they are benchmarked to those used for the Public Warrants. Taking into account that the estimated fair values of the Private Placement Warrants and Forward Purchase Units are determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton model with some unobservable inputs including the Company s own data, adjusted for other reasonably 
 F-17 

Table of Contents ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 pre-merger/ Volatility post-merger Expected term to business combination year Risk-free rate Dividend yield Stock price The following table presents information about the Company s Level 3 liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021. Private Placement Forward Purchase Inputs Warrants Units Exercise price pre-merger/ pre-merger/ Volatility post-merger post-merger Expected term to business combination year (5 years exercise period after close of business combination) year Risk-free rate 1.33 Dividend yield Stock price Change in fair value ) ) Transfer to Level 2 ) ) Fair value of Level 3 financial instruments as of December 31, 2022 
 F-18 

Table of Contents ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Change in fair value Transfer to Level 1 ) ) Fair value of Level 3 financial instruments as of December 31, 2021 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowings under any Working Capital Loans. Services Agreement Commencing on the date of the IPO, the Company entered into an administrative services agreement pursuant to which the Company pays Zimmer Partners, LP a total of per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Company s Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, of administrative fees were incurred. For the year ended December 31, 2022, of administrative fees were incurred. The amounts payable to the related party for administrative services as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were and , respectively. Forward Purchase Agreement On June 11, 2021, the Company entered into the Committed FPA with the Zimmer Entity providing for the purchase by the Zimmer Entity of an aggregate of Forward Purchase Units at a purchase price of per unit, in a private placement to occur concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination. The proceeds from the sale of the Forward Purchase Units may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the Business Combination, expenses in connection with the Business Combination or for working capital in the post-Business Combination company. The terms and provisions of the forward purchase warrants to be issued as part of the Forward Purchase Units are identical to those of the Private Placement Warrants. Zimmer Entity Participation in IPO On June 18, 2021, the Zimmer Entity purchased public Units Units at per Unit) in the IPO. The underwriters did not receive any underwriting discounts or commissions on the public Units purchased by the Zimmer Entity. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 shares of its Class B common stock (the Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of . Up to Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. As a result of the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option in full, there were no shares subject to forfeiture as of the consummation of the IPO on June 18, 2021. The initial stockholders agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Promissory Note - Related Party The Sponsor had agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of the IPO. On June 21, 2021, the outstanding on this note was repaid in full. The Company can no longer borrow under this facility. in interest of the then-outstanding number of these securities are entitled to demand that the Company file a registration statement covering such securities and to require the Company to effect up to an aggregate of underwritten offerings of such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. In addition, the shares of Class A common stock and warrants (and underlying shares of Class A common stock) purchased by the Zimmer Entity as part of the Units in the IPO are entitled to registration rights under the registration rights agreement. The Zimmer Entity is not subject to any lock-up period with respect to any securities it purchased in the IPO. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreements, the Company has agreed to use reasonable best efforts (i) to file within after the closing of the Business Combination a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants (and underlying shares of Class A common stock), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than after the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which the Forward Purchasers or their respective assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby, and (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (iv) after such registration statement is declared effective, cause the Company to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the Forward Purchase Agreements provide for certain piggy-back registration rights to the holders of forward purchase securities to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the IPO to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On June 18, 2021, the underwriter s over-allotment option was exercised in full. On June 18, 2021, the Company paid underwriting discounts and commissions of in the aggregate. Additionally, deferred underwriting discounts and commissions of , will be payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes an initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share and with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Class A Common Stock - The Company is authorized to issue a total of shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding. Class B Common Stock - The Company is authorized to issue a total of shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the initial Business Combination on a -for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the IPO and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, including pursuant to a specified future issuance, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance, including a specified future issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the IPO plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination). Federal net operating loss State net operating loss Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 
 F-21 

Table of Contents ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 The income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 consists of the following: Deferred ) ) ) State Current ) Deferred ) Change in valuation allowance Income tax provision As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers, which do not expire. In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the change in the valuation allowance was 293,254 . A reconciliation of the federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 is as follows: State taxes, net of federal tax benefit Permanent book/tax differences: Offering costs allocated to warrants ) Financing expense ) Unrealized loss on fair value of warrants ) Unrealized loss on fair value of forward purchase units ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) Effective tax rate The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction which remain open and subject to examination. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is not under any open examinations by the tax authorities. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ZIMMER ENERGY TRANSITION ACQUISITION CORP. Date: April 13, 2023 By: /s/ Stuart J. Zimmer Name: Stuart J. Zimmer Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Stuart J. Zimmer and Jonathan Cohen and each or any one of them, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Title Date /s/ Stuart J. Zimmer Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board April 13, 2023 Stuart J. Zimmer /s/ Jonathan Cohen Chief Financial Officer and Director April 13, 2023 Jonathan Cohen /s/ Kimberly M. Blank Director April 13, 2023 Kimberly M. Blank /s/ Paul J. Evanson Director April 13, 2023 Paul J. Evanson /s/ Benjamin M. Fink Director April 13, 2023 Benjamin M. Fink 
 80 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ztaqu-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Stuart J. Zimmer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 13, 2023 By: /s/ Stuart J. Zimmer Stuart J. Zimmer Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ztaqu-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jonathan Cohen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 13, 2023 By: /s/ Jonathan Cohen Jonathan Cohen Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ztaqu-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Stuart J. Zimmer, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: April 13, 2023 By: /s/ Stuart J. Zimmer Stuart J. Zimmer Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ztaqu-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EXHIBIT-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jonathan Cohen, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: April 13, 2023 By: /s/ Jonathan Cohen Jonathan Cohen Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ztaqu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ztaqu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ztaqu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ztaqu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

