<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1050825_0001050825-23-000067.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17146822</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>412734</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2503137</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7415850</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3234655</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3215717</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001050825-23-000067.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414120631
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001050825-23-000067
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230224
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STEELCASE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001050825
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OFFICE FURNITURE (NO WOOD) [2522]
		IRS NUMBER:				380819050
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0224

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13873
		FILM NUMBER:		23820344

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		901 44TH STREET SE
		CITY:			GRAND RAPIDS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49508
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6162472710

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		901 44TH STREET SE
		CITY:			GRAND RAPIDS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49508

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001050825-23-000067.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 scs-20230224.htm
 10-K

scs-20230224 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________ 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number 
 ____________________________ 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity of the registrant held by non-affiliates, computed by reference to the closing price of the Class A Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange, as of August 26, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately billion. There is no quoted market for registrant s Class B Common Stock, but shares of Class B Common Stock may be converted at any time into an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 As of April 11, 2023, shares of the registrant s Class A Common Stock and shares of the registrant s Class B Common Stock were outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Table of Contents 

 STEELCASE INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 YEAR ENDED FEBRUARY 24, 2023 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. Part I Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 13 
 Item 2. Properties 
 13 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 13 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 13 
 Supplementary Item. Information About Our Executive Officers 
 14 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 16 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 30 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 86 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 86 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 86 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 86 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 87 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 87 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 87 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 87 
 Item 14. Principal Account ant Fees and Services 
 87 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 88 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 92 
 Schedule II 
 92 
 Signatures 
 S- 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business: 
 The following business overview is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information included elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Report ). As used in this Report, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, all references to Steelcase, we, our, Company and similar references are to Steelcase Inc., a Michigan corporation, and its subsidiaries in which a controlling interest is maintained. Unless the context otherwise indicates, reference to a year relates to the fiscal year, ended in February of the year indicated, rather than the calendar year, unless indicated by a month or specific date reference. Additionally, Q1, Q2, Q3 and Q4 reference the first, second, third and fourth quarter, respectively, of the fiscal year indicated. All amounts are in millions, except share and per share data, data presented as a percentage or as otherwise indicated. 
 Overview 
 At Steelcase, our purpose is to help people do their best work by creating places that work better. Through our family of brands that include Steelcase , AMQ , Coalesse , Designtex , HALCON , Orangebox , Smith System and Viccarbe , we offer a comprehensive portfolio of furniture and architectural products and services designed to help customers create workplaces that help people reach their full potential at work, wherever work happens. Our solutions are inspired by the insights gained from our human-centered research process. We are a globally integrated enterprise, headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan, U.S.A., with approximately 11,900 employees. Steelcase was founded in 1912 and became publicly traded in 1998, and our Class A Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SCS . 
 We focus on translating our research-based insights into products, applications and experiences that help organizations around the world amplify the performance of their people, teams and enterprise. We help our customers create office, healthcare and educational environments that support attraction and retention of talent, employee well-being and engagement, organizational culture and productivity, and other needs of their people, while also optimizing the value of their real estate investments. Our global scale and reach allow us to provide a consistent experience to global customers while offering local differentiation through our local dealer network. 
 We market our products and services to businesses and organizations primarily through a network of dealers, and we also sell to consumers in markets around the world through web-based and retail distribution channels. 
 Strategic Priorities 
 Our strategic priorities align with our purpose and reflect a set of choices which we believe will position us for growth. We are focused on leading the transformation of work, where employees shift between working in the office and working remotely over the course of a week. We aim to do this by offering innovative solutions to our customers that support the growing needs for privacy, social connection and collaboration in this new era of work. We also aim to deepen our presence in key adjacent growth opportunities, including certain geographic and vertical markets such as learning, health and home, and to enhance our capabilities to better serve smaller and mid-sized customers. We are focused on creating value by using our business to help organizations work better, through market-leading performance in our approach to our people, our products and the planet. Our strategic priorities also include profitability initiatives to drive fitness, reduce complexity and maximize efficiency, reallocating resources toward our highest priorities and maintaining a strong balance sheet to support our growth objectives. 
 Our Offerings 
 Our brands provide a comprehensive portfolio of furniture and architectural products for individual and collaborative work across a range of price points. Our furniture portfolio includes furniture systems, seating, storage, fixed and height-adjustable desks, benches and tables and complementary products such as work accessories, lighting, mobile power and screens. Our seating products include task chairs which are highly ergonomic, seating that can be used in collaborative environments and casual settings and specialty seating for specific vertical markets such as education and healthcare. Our interior architectural products include full and partial height walls and free-standing architectural pods. We also offer services designed to enhance the performance of people, space and real estate. These services include workplace strategy consulting, lease origination services and furniture and asset management. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Steelcase 
 Steelcase leverages insights from user-centered research to help our customers create high performing and sustainable work environments. We strive to be a trusted partner by creating exceptional experiences for those who seek to use space as a strategic asset to elevate their performance, reinforce their organizational culture, support the well-being of their people and attract and retain talent. The Steelcase brand ' s core customers are leading organizations (such as corporations, government entities, schools, colleges and universities and healthcare organizations) that are forward-thinking, that are often large with ever-changing complex needs and that often have a global scale and operations. 
 Steelcase brand extensions include: 
 Steelcase Learning , which works with leading educational institutions to create places that enhance the success, outcomes and well-being of students, educators and administrators. 
 Steelcase Health , which works with leading healthcare organizations to create places that deliver greater connection, empathy and well-being for everyone involved in the experience of healthcare. 
 AMQ 
 AMQ offers high-quality, affordable height-adjustable desking, benching, storage, screens, tables and seating for workstations, collaborative environments and training rooms. AMQ specializes in in-stock furniture that delivers in just ten business days, with adaptable and modern designs that fit contemporary, active office spaces, ideal for small and mid-sized businesses. 
 Coalesse 
 Led by intuition, backed by research and driven by design, Coalesse creates thoughtful furnishings that bring new life to the modern workplace and ancillary settings. The brand blends beauty and utility into their designs to help customers make great spaces that inspire great work, by empowering social connection, creative collaboration, focus and rejuvenation. 
 Designtex 
 Designtex offers applied materials that enhance environments and is a leading resource for applied surfaces knowledge, innovation and sustainability. Designtex products include premium fabrics and surface materials and imaging solutions designed to enhance seating, walls, workstations and floors. These materials provide privacy, wayfinding, motivation, communications and artistic expression. 
 HALCON 
 HALCON is a designer and manufacturer of precision-tailored wood furniture for the workplace. HALCON specializes in custom wood and executive-level tables, credenzas, and desks. This furniture is of enduring quality, backed by a genuine dedication to service and customization. 
 Orangebox 
 Orangebox is a designer and manufacturer of furniture, soft seating, and free-standing architectural pods for the changing workplace with a focus on "Smartworking" solutions: furniture and architecture that fosters collaboration while providing contemporary aesthetics, visual and acoustical privacy and commercial-grade performance. 
 Smith System 
 Smith System is a leading designer and manufacturer of high-quality furniture for the pre-K-12 education market. Smith System offers desking, seating, lounge and storage products. Smith System designs and manufactures products that support inspired learning and better learning outcomes addressing the needs of the student, the demands of the curriculum and the realities of space, maintenance and budget. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Viccarbe 
 Viccarbe offers contemporary furniture for high-performance collaborative and social spaces, including contract, hospitality, retail and outdoor settings. Viccarbe's collection is the result of years of collaboration with globally renowned designers. 
 Marketing Partnerships 
 We maintain marketing partnerships with a number of companies, including Blu Dot, Bolia, Carl Hansen Son, Crestron, EMU, Established Sons, Extremis, FLOS, the Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation, Goodee, Kartell, Logitech, m.a.d. furniture, Mattiazzi, Microsoft, Moooi, Nanimarquina, PolyVision, Tom Dixon, West Elm and Zoom. These partnerships are intended to allow us to market additional products and services to our dealers and customers that are complementary to our products and services and leverage our scale. These partnerships take several forms, the most common of which involves us purchasing and reselling the partner s products to our dealers and customers. In other situations, we market the partner s products to our dealers and customers and receive a fee from the partner, and we typically transport and deliver those products to our dealers and customers for a fee. We also have marketing partnerships where we co-develop products with our partner that we manufacture or source from third parties or where we and our partner agree to co-market our products and services to customers. Most of our marketing partnerships are on a regional basis. 
 Reportable Segments 
 We operate on a global basis within our Americas and EMEA reportable segments plus an Other category. Additional information about our reportable segments, including financial information about geographic areas and specific product categories, is contained in Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , and Note 4 and Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Americas Segment 
 Our Americas segment serves customers in the United States U.S. ), Canada, the Caribbean Islands and Latin America with a comprehensive portfolio of furniture and architectural products that are marketed to corporate, government, healthcare, education and retail customers through the Steelcase, AMQ, Coalesse, HALCON, Orangebox, Smith System and Viccarbe brands. 
 We serve Americas customers mainly through approximately 380 Steelcase independent and company-owned dealer locations and other non-aligned dealers, and we also sell directly to end-use customers. Our end-use customers tend to be larger multinational, regional or local companies and are distributed across a broad range of industries and vertical markets, including education, financial services, flexible real estate, government, healthcare, information technology, insurance, retail and manufacturing. 
 Each of our dealers maintains its own sales force which is complemented by our sales representatives who work closely with our dealers throughout the selling process. The largest independent Steelcase dealer in the Americas accounted for approximately 6 of the segment s revenue in 2023, and the five largest independent Steelcase dealers collectively accounted for approximately 19 of the segment s revenue in 2023. 
 The Americas office furniture industry is highly competitive, with a number of competitors offering similar categories of products. The industry competes on a combination of insight, product performance, design, price, service and relationships with customers, architects and designers. Our most significant competitors in the U.S. are MillerKnoll, Inc., Haworth, Inc. and HNI Corporation. 
 EMEA Segment 
 Our EMEA segment serves customers in Europe, the Middle East and Africa primarily under the Steelcase, Coalesse, Orangebox and Viccarbe brands, with a comprehensive portfolio of furniture and architectural products. Our largest presence is in Western Europe, where we believe we are among the market leaders in France, Germany, Spain and the United Kingdom ("U.K."). 
 We serve EMEA customers mainly through approximately 320 independent and company-owned Steelcase dealer locations and other non-aligned dealers, and we also sell directly to end-use customers. The largest independent Steelcase dealer in the EMEA segment accounted for less than 4 of the segment s revenue in 2023. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 The five largest Steelcase independent dealers collectively accounted for approximately 12 of the segment s revenue in 2023. Our end-use customers tend to be larger multinational, regional or local companies spread across a broad range of industries and vertical markets, including education, financial services, flexible real estate, government, healthcare and information technology. 
 The EMEA office furniture market is highly competitive and fragmented. We compete with many local and regional manufacturers in many different markets. In several cases, these local competitors focus on specific product categories. 
 Other Category 
 The Other category includes Asia Pacific and Designtex. 
 Asia Pacific serves customers in Australia, China, India, Japan, Korea and other countries in Southeast Asia primarily under the Steelcase brand with a comprehensive portfolio of furniture and architectural products. We primarily sell directly to end-use customers as well as through approximately 70 Steelcase independent dealer locations. Our end-use customers tend to be larger multinational, regional or local companies spread across a broad range of industries and are located in both mature and growth markets. Our competition in Asia Pacific is highly fragmented and includes large global competitors as well as regional and local manufacturers. 
 Designtex sells textiles, wall coverings and surface imaging solutions specified by architects and designers directly to end-use customers through a direct sales force primarily in North America. 
 Corporate 
 Corporate expenses include unallocated portions of shared service functions such as information technology, corporate facilities, finance, human resources, research, legal and customer aviation, plus deferred compensation expense and income or losses associated with company-owned life insurance ("COLI"). Corporate assets consist primarily of unallocated cash and cash equivalents, COLI, fixed assets, investments in unconsolidated affiliates and right-of-use assets related to operating leases. 
 Joint Ventures and Other Equity Investments 
 We occasionally enter into joint ventures and other equity investments to expand or maintain our geographic presence, support our distribution network or invest in new business ventures, complementary products or services. As of February 24, 2023, our investments in these unconsolidated joint ventures and other equity investments totaled 51.1. Our share of the earnings from joint ventures and other equity investments is recorded in Other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Customer and Dealer Concentrations 
 Our largest customer accounted for approximately 2 of our consolidated revenue in 2023, and our five largest customers collectively accounted for approximately 6 of our consolidated revenue. However, these percentages do not include revenue from various U.S. federal government agencies. In 2023, our sales to U.S. federal government agencies represented approximately 3 of our consolidated revenue. We do not believe our business is dependent on any single or small number of end-use customers, the loss of which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 No single independent Steelcase dealer accounted for more than 4 of our consolidated revenue in 2023. The five largest independent Steelcase dealers collectively accounted for approximately 14 of our consolidated revenue in 2023. We do not believe our business is dependent on any single independent dealer, the loss of which would have a sustained material adverse effect on our business. 
 Manufacturing and Logistics 
 We have manufacturing and distribution operations throughout North America (in the U.S. and Mexico), Europe (in the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Spain and the U.K.) and in Asia (in China, India and Malaysia). Our global manufacturing and distribution operations are largely centralized under a single organization to serve our customers needs across multiple brands and geographies. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Our manufacturing model is predominately make-to-order with standard lead times that typically range from four to six weeks. We manufacture our products using lean manufacturing principles, including continuous one-piece flow and platformed processes and products, which allow us to achieve efficiencies and cost savings and minimize the amount of inventory on hand. We largely purchase direct materials and components from a global network of integrated suppliers as needed to meet demand. We also purchase finished goods manufactured by third parties predominately on a make-to-order basis. 
 During 2023, our manufacturing operations continued to be negatively impacted by supply chain disruptions that we began experiencing in 2022, including the lack of availability of certain raw materials and components, labor shortages and shipping delays across long distance supply chains. We increased our levels of inventory on hand to mitigate challenges associated with purchasing raw materials and components in a timely manner. During the second half of 2023, the extended shipping times in our long distance supply chain started to ease. 
 We focus on enhancing the efficiency of our manufacturing operations, and we also seek to reduce costs through our global sourcing effort. We focus on platforming our product offering and capturing raw material and component cost savings available through lower cost suppliers around the globe. These efforts enhance our leverage with supply sources. We also focus on our reliability which may, at times, require localizing supply chains and enhancing capabilities to deliver complete and on-time orders to our customers. 
 Our physical distribution system utilizes commercial transport, dedicated fleet and company-owned delivery services. We utilize a network of regional distribution centers in the Americas and EMEA to minimize freight and delivery costs and improve service to our dealers and customers. 
 Materials 
 Approximately 61 of our cost of sales in 2023 related to raw materials, components and finished goods purchased from a significant number of suppliers around the world. The raw materials that we purchase and that are used in the manufacture of the components and finished goods that we purchase include steel, petroleum-based products (including plastics and foam), aluminum, other metals, wood and particleboard. Our global supply chain team continually evaluates current market conditions, the financial viability of our suppliers and available supply options on the basis of quality, reliability of supply and cost. During 2023, the availability of some materials was negatively impacted by supply chain disruptions as discussed above. In addition, the prices for many of the raw materials, components and finished goods we purchase have increased as a result of significant inflationary pressures over the last two years. 
 Research, Design and Development 
 Our extensive global research a combination of user observations, feedback sessions and sophisticated analyses has helped us develop social, spatial and informational insights into work effectiveness. We maintain collaborative relationships with external world-class innovators, including leading universities, think tanks and knowledge leaders, to expand and deepen our understanding of how people work. 
 Understanding patterns of work enables us to identify and anticipate user needs across the globe. Our design teams explore and develop prototypical solutions to address these needs, which vary from furniture and architectural solutions to single products or enhancements to existing products and across different vertical market applications such as healthcare and education. Organizationally, global design leadership directs project work, which is distributed to design studios around the world and sometimes involves external design services. 
 Our marketing team evaluates product concepts using several criteria, including financial return metrics, and chooses which products will be developed and launched. Designers then work closely with engineers and suppliers to co-develop products and processes that incorporate innovative user features with efficient manufacturing practices. Products are tested for performance, quality and compliance with applicable local standards and regulations. 
 We incurred 44.4, 45.4 and 48.1 in research, design and development expenses in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, we sometimes pay royalties to external designers of our products as the products are sold, and these costs are not included in research and development expenses. 

5 

Table of Contents 

 Intellectual Property 
 We generate and hold a significant number of patents in a number of countries in connection with the operation of our business. We also hold a number of trademarks that are very important to our identity and recognition in the marketplace. We do not believe that any material part of our business is dependent on the continued availability of any one or all of our patents or trademarks or that our business would be materially adversely affected by the loss of any of such, except the Steelcase, "AMQ," Coalesse, "Designtex," "HALCON," Orangebox, and Smith System trademarks. 
 We occasionally enter into license agreements under which we pay a royalty to third parties for the use of patented products, designs or process technology. We have established a global network of intellectual property licenses with our subsidiaries. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 We aspire to be a people-centered, purpose-driven company where our employees feel they belong and can be proud of their work. At Steelcase, we believe that together we will help protect the planet through our environmental commitments, help our people thrive, and sustain a culture of trust and integrity to drive towards ethical business outcomes. The following core values guide our commitments and actions: 
 act with integrity, 
 tell the truth, 
 keep commitments, 
 treat people with dignity and respect, 
 promote positive relationships, 
 protect the environment, and 
 excel. 
 We believe our employees are our greatest asset, and we are dedicated to the continuous learning and professional development of every employee. We invest in our employees through multiple avenues, including providing competitive pay and benefits, sharing profits through our annual bonus programs, offering career development and professional training programs, providing inspiring and supportive spaces for our employees to work and collaborate and offering a range of services to support our employees' physical, emotional, cognitive and financial well-being. 
 Our leaders play a critical role in curating our culture, and we have established a set of leadership pillars and accompanying learning and development activities designed to promote empathic leadership and align leader actions with our core values and the culture we strive to create. These pillars are: 
 build strong teams, 
 unite in purpose, 
 create clarity, 
 cultivate resilience, and 
 deliver results. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We strive to create an environment where employees around the globe are valued, respected, accepted and encouraged to be authentic and to fully participate in our organization. We believe our unique culture helps to unlock each employee's unique contributions and amplifies the power of the individual to better serve our customers and the communities in which we live and work. We are committed to advancing diversity, equity and inclusion through the following key objectives: 
 build diverse teams that reflect our communities, 
 ensure equitable access to development opportunities across the organization, and 
 create a culture of inclusion that promotes curiosity and creativity. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Learning and Development 
 Learning is how we work and how we lead. We aspire to be a learning organization that builds capabilities for the evolving needs of our business and adapts our culture as a competitive advantage. Developing our talent in consistent ways is essential to our business strategy, and we are continually focused on providing all our employees with the resources they need to reach their full potential. We approach talent development through a variety of tools, practices and experiences, including: 
 connecting our employees to digital learning experiences to help them thrive, 
 identifying sought-out skills from our employees and designing learning paths related to these skills, 
 emphasizing an environment that values learning as an everyday practice across the organization, and 
 holding frequent and purposeful conversations between employees and leaders that inspire achievement and growth. 
 Employee Compensation and Benefits 
 Our compensation and benefits programs are designed to attract, retain and motivate talented employees. Our philosophy is to: 
 value the contribution of our employees, 
 motivate achievement of strategic objectives that will contribute to our company s success, and 
 share profits through broad-based incentive arrangements designed to reward performance for all employees. 
 This philosophy is achieved through competitive pay and benefits and a variety of other offerings such as career development and well-being initiatives. We review pay ranges annually and adjust pay as needed to ensure external competitiveness and internal equity. We also share profits with both salaried and hourly employees through our annual bonus programs. We believe our philosophy helps promote a culture where our employees feel they are supported and that their contributions are valued. 
 Employees 
 As of February 24, 2023, we had approximately 11,900 employees, of which approximately 7,100 work in manufacturing and distribution and approximately 300 are part-time. Additionally, we had approximately 1,000 temporary workers who primarily work in manufacturing. Approximately 40 employees in the U.S. are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Outside the U.S., approximately 2,600 employees are represented by unions or workers' councils that operate to promote the interests of workers. 
 Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment Environmental Laws ). We believe our operations are in substantial compliance with all Environmental Laws. We do not believe existing Environmental Laws have had or will have any material effects upon our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. 
 Under certain Environmental Laws, we could be held liable, without regard to fault, for the costs of remediation associated with our existing or historical operations. We could also be held responsible for third-party property and personal injury claims or for violations of Environmental Laws relating to contamination. We are a party to, or otherwise involved in, proceedings relating to several contaminated properties being investigated and remediated under Environmental Laws, including as a potentially responsible party in several Superfund site cleanups. Based on our information regarding the nature and volume of wastes allegedly disposed of or released at these properties, the total estimated cleanup costs and other financially viable potentially responsible parties, we do not believe the costs to us associated with these properties will be material, either individually or in the aggregate. We have established reserves that we believe are adequate to cover our anticipated remediation costs. However, certain events could cause our actual costs to vary from the established reserves. These events include, but are not limited to: a change in governmental regulations or cleanup standards or requirements; undiscovered information regarding the nature and volume of wastes allegedly disposed of or released at these properties; the loss of other 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 potentially responsible parties that are financially capable of contributing toward cleanup costs; and other factors increasing the cost of remediation. 
 Available Information 
 We file annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports, proxy statements and other documents with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The SEC maintains an Internet website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, including Steelcase, that file electronically with the SEC. We also make available free of charge through our internet website, www.steelcase.com, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with or furnish them to the SEC. In addition, our Corporate Governance Principles, Code of Ethics, Code of Business Conduct and the charters for the Audit, Compensation, Corporate Business Development and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees are available free of charge through our website or by writing to Steelcase Inc., Investor Relations, GH-3E-12, PO Box 1967, Grand Rapids, Michigan, U.S.A. 49501-1967. 
 We are not including the information contained on our website as a part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Report. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors: 
 The following risk factors and other information included in this Report should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we do not know about currently, or that we currently believe are not material, may also adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 Macroeconomic and Workplace Trends Risk Factors 
 Failure to respond to changes in workplace trends and the competitive landscape may adversely affect our revenue and profits. 
 Advances in technology, changing workforce demographics, increased working from home, shifts in work styles and behaviors and the globalization of business have been changing the world of work and impacting the types and amounts of workplace products and services purchased by our customers. In recent years, these trends have resulted in changes such as: 
 a decrease in overall demand for office furniture from corporate customers, 
 an increase in demand for products that support individual privacy and focused work, 
 an increase in demand for products that facilitate distributed collaboration, including those that enhance remote work experiences, 
 an increase in demand for ancillary furniture for social and collaborative spaces in office settings, 
 more frequent refreshment of workplace settings, and 
 customer interest in a broader range of price points, quality and warranty coverage. 
 These trends have also had an impact on our competitive landscape, including (1) the emergence of smaller office furniture competitors, (2) increased competition from residential furniture and technology companies, (3) diversification by some of our larger competitors into other industries and (4) an increase in customers outsourcing workplace management to real estate management service firms and flexible real estate providers. 
 We compete on a variety of factors, including: brand recognition and reputation; insights from our research; the breadth of our global reach and product portfolio; product design and features; price, lead time, delivery and service; product quality; strength of our dealer network and other distributors; relationships with customers and key influencers, such as architects, designers and real estate managers; and our commitments to sustainable product design and reducing our environmental impact. If we are unsuccessful in continuing to develop and offer a wide variety of solutions which respond to changes in workplace trends, or if we or our dealers are unsuccessful in 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 competing with existing competitors and new competitive offerings which arise from outside our industry, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Our industry is influenced by cyclical macroeconomic factors and future downturns may adversely affect our revenue and profits. 
 Our revenue is generated predominantly from the office furniture industry, and demand for office furniture is influenced by macroeconomic factors, such as corporate profits, non-residential fixed investment, white-collar employment and commercial office construction and vacancy rates, which can be difficult to predict. The office furniture industry has experienced periodic major declines in demand, driven by global economic downturns. During these downturns, our revenue declined substantially and our profitability was significantly reduced. Our revenues and profitability can be, and currently are being, impacted by adverse changes in these macroeconomic factors. Adaptations of our business to changing macroeconomic factors can result in material restructuring costs, and if we are unsuccessful in making such adaptations, our operating results may be adversely affected. 
 We may not be able to successfully develop, implement and manage our growth strategies. 
 Our longer-term success depends on our ability to successfully develop, implement and manage our growth strategies, which include: 
 developing offerings to support hybrid work, including enhanced applications to support individual privacy and focused work and partnering with technology companies to create integrated collaborative solutions, 
 growing our market share with existing dealers and customers in addition to serving smaller and mid-sized customers and growing our market share in learning and healthcare environments, 
 realizing the value from acquisitions and potential investments in new acquisitions, and 
 enhancing our capabilities to serve the work-from-home and retail markets. 
 If these strategies to increase our revenues are not sufficient, or if we do not execute these strategies successfully, our global market share and profitability may be adversely affected. 
 Manufacturing, Supply Chain and Distribution Risk Factors 
 We are and may continue to be adversely affected by changes in raw material, commodity and other input costs. 
 We and our suppliers purchase raw materials (including steel, plastics, foam, aluminum, other metals, wood and particleboard) from a significant number of sources globally. These raw materials are not rare or unique to our industry. The costs of these commodities, as well as fuel, freight, energy, labor and other input costs can fluctuate due to changes in global, regional or local supply and demand, larger currency movements and changes in tariffs and trade barriers, which can also cause supply interruptions. 
 During 2022 and 2023, there was significant inflation in the costs of fuel, energy and many of the raw materials used by our suppliers and us, including steel and other commodities, due to availability constraints, supply chain disruption, labor shortages, impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the war in Ukraine, and other factors. 
 In the short-term, significant increases in raw material, commodity and other input costs can be very difficult to offset with price increases because of existing contractual commitments with our customers, and it is difficult to find effective financial instruments to hedge against such changes. As a result, our gross margins can be adversely affected in the short-term by significant increases in these costs. We implemented multiple list price increases globally in 2022 and 2023 and a temporary surcharge in the Americas in 2023. If we are not successful in passing along higher raw material, commodity and other input costs to our customers over the longer-term, because of competitive pressures, our profitability could be negatively impacted. 
 We are reliant on a global network of suppliers that exposes us to certain risks outside of our control. 
 We are reliant on the timely flow of raw materials, components and finished goods from a global network of third-party suppliers. The flow of such materials, components and goods may be affected by: 
 fluctuations in the availability and quality of raw materials, 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 disruptions caused by labor shortages and labor activities, 
 ocean freight constraints and port congestion, domestic transportation and logistical challenges, 
 the financial solvency of our suppliers and their supply chains, and 
 damage or loss of production from accidents, natural disasters, severe weather events, pandemics, security concerns (including terrorist activity, armed conflict and civil or military unrest), trade embargoes, changes in tariffs, systems and equipment failures or disruptions, cyberattacks or security breaches and other causes. 
 Any disruptions or fluctuations in the supply and delivery of raw materials, components and finished goods or deficiencies in our ability to manage our global network of suppliers could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results or financial condition. During 2023, our suppliers were negatively impacted by disruptions and fluctuations in the availability of raw materials, labor, transportation and logistics. These factors led to significant disruptions and delays in the supply of raw materials, components and finished goods to us, which negatively impacted our order lead times and our ability to consistently deliver products to our customers on time, as well as our costs of procuring such items and carrying higher than historical levels of inventory. 
 Changes in tariffs, global trade agreements or government procurement could adversely affect our business. 
 We manufacture most of our products on a regional basis, and as a result, we often export products from where they are manufactured to where they are sold within the region. We also source raw materials, components and finished goods from a global network of suppliers. In particular in 2023, approximately 35 of the products we sold to customers in the U.S., including U.S. government agencies, were manufactured outside of the U.S., predominantly by our subsidiaries in Mexico, which operate as maquiladoras. Changes in tariffs or trade agreements could impact the cost of importing our products into the countries where they are sold and the cost of raw materials and components sourced from other countries, which in turn could adversely impact our gross margins and our price competitiveness. In addition, changes in U.S. government procurement rules requiring a certain amount of domestic content in finished goods, or requiring finished goods to be produced in the U.S., could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 The lack of redundant capabilities among our regional manufacturing facilities could adversely affect our business. 
 Many of our products are currently produced in only one location in each of the three geographic regions in which we operate (the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific), certain components are manufactured in only one location globally and our manufacturing model is predominately make-to-order. As a result, any issue which impacts the production capabilities of one of our manufacturing locations, such as natural disasters, severe weather events, pandemics, disruptions in the supply of materials or components, systems and equipment failures or disruptions caused by labor activities, could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 We rely largely on a network of independent dealers to market, deliver and install our products, and disruptions and increasing consolidations within our dealer network could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business is dependent on our ability to manage our relationships with our independent dealers. From time to time, we or a dealer may choose to terminate our relationship, or the dealer could face financial insolvency or difficulty in transitioning to new ownership, and establishing a new dealer in a market can take considerable time and resources. Disruption of dealer coverage within a specific local market could have an adverse impact on our business within the affected market. The loss or termination of a significant number of dealers or the inability to establish new dealers could cause difficulties in marketing and distributing our products and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. In the event that a dealer in a strategic market experiences financial difficulty, we may choose to make financial investments in the dealership, which would reduce the risk of disruption but increase our financial exposure. Alternatively, we may elect to purchase and operate dealers in certain markets, which would also require use of our capital and increase our financial exposure. 
 We rely on our dealers to sell, deliver and install products to our customers, and their ability to perform and their financial conditions could be affected by events such as natural disasters, severe weather events, pandemics, systems and equipment failures or disruptions, cyberattacks or security breaches. A significant disruption in the operations of our dealers could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 In certain cases, our diversification and growth strategies into adjacent markets are driving the need for our dealers to invest in additional resources to support our products and markets. Some of our smaller dealers do not have the scale to support such investments, and as a result, we have seen and may continue to see increased consolidation within our dealer network. This increased concentration and size of dealers could increase our exposure to the risks discussed above. 
 Global Footprint Risk Factors 
 Our global presence subjects us to risks that may negatively affect our profitability and financial condition. 
 We have manufacturing facilities, sales locations and offices in many countries, and as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. Our success depends on our ability to manage the complexity associated with designing, developing, manufacturing and selling our solutions in a variety of countries.Our global presence is also subject to market risks, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition, including: 
 differing business practices, cultural factors and regulatory requirements, 
 political, social and economic instability, natural disasters, pandemics, security concerns, including terrorist activity, armed conflict and civil or military unrest and global crises or health issues, and 
 intellectual property protection challenges. 
 Our global footprint makes us vulnerable to currency exchange rate fluctuations and currency controls. 
 We primarily sell our products in U.S. dollars and euros, but we generate some of our revenues and pay some of our expenses in other currencies. While we seek to manage our foreign exchange risk largely through operational means by matching revenue with same-currency costs, our results are affected by the strength of the currencies in countries where we manufacture or purchase goods relative to the strength of the currencies in countries where our products are sold. We use foreign currency derivatives to hedge some of the near-term volatility of these exposures . There can be no assurance that such hedging will be economically effective. If we are not successful in managing currency exchange rate fluctuations, they could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 We operate globally in multiple currencies, but we translate our results into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes, and thus our reported results may be positively or negatively impacted by the strengthening or weakening of the other currencies in which we operate against the U.S. dollar. 
 In addition, we face restrictions in certain countries that limit or prevent the transfer of funds to other countries or the exchange of the local currency to other currencies, which could have a negative impact on our profitability. We also face risks associated with fluctuations in currency exchange rates that may lead to a decline in the value of the funds held in certain jurisdictions, as well as the value of intercompany balances denominated in foreign currencies. 
 Financial Risk Factors 
 We may be required to record impairment charges related to goodwill, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We have net goodwill of 276.8 as of February 24, 2023. Goodwill is not amortized but is evaluated for impairment annually in Q4 or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change such that it is more likely than not that an impairment may exist. Poor performance in portions of our business where we have goodwill, including failure to achieve projected performance from acquisitions, or declines in the market value of our equity, may result in impairment charges, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Changes in corporate tax laws could adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rate could be affected by changes in the mix of our earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. In addition, such tax 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 law changes, if enacted, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. A reduction in applicable tax rates may require us to revalue and write-down our net deferred tax assets. As of February 24, 2023, we had net deferred tax assets of 109.3, and approximately 65 of our net deferred tax assets were subject to recovery in the U.S. 
 There may be significant limitations to our utilization of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income. 
 We have deferred tax assets related to net operating loss ("NOL") and tax credit carryforwards totaling 36.5 and 17.9, respectively, against which valuation allowances totaling 3.1 have been recorded. NOL carryforwards are primarily related to foreign jurisdictions. Tax credit carryforwards consist of U.S. foreign tax credits and foreign investment tax credits. We may be unable to generate sufficient taxable income from future operations in the jurisdictions in which we maintain deferred tax assets related to NOL and tax credit carryforwards, or implement tax, business or other planning strategies, to fully utilize the recorded value of our NOL and tax credit carryforwards. These deferred tax assets are recorded in various currencies that are also subject to foreign exchange risk, which could reduce the amount we may ultimately realize. Additionally, future changes in tax laws or interpretations of such tax laws may limit our ability to fully utilize our NOL and tax credit carryforwards. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We rely on the integrity and security of our information technology systems, and our business could be materially adversely impacted by extended disruptions, significant security breaches or other compromises of these systems. 
 We rely on information technology systems to operate and manage our business and to process, maintain and safeguard information essential to our business as well as information relating to our customers, dealers, suppliers and employees. These systems are vulnerable to events beyond our reasonable control, including cyberattacks and security breaches, the need for system upgrades and support, telecommunication and internet failures, natural disasters and power loss. Such events could result in operational slowdowns, shutdowns or other difficulties; loss of revenues or market share; compromise or loss of sensitive or proprietary information; destruction or corruption of data; costs of remediation, upgrades, repair or recovery; breaches of obligations to third parties under privacy laws or contracts; or damage to our reputation or customer relationships; each of which, depending on the extent or duration of the event, could materially adversely impact our business, operating results or financial condition. We maintain insurance coverage, which may cover some of these risks, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable policies, but such coverage may not be available or sufficient to cover all of the losses that may arise. 
 We may be adversely affected by security breaches, errors or disruptions relating to our software and software-as-a-service offerings. 
 We sell enterprise resource planning software and software-as-a-service offerings to our dealers. In connection with some of these offerings, we collect and store data belonging to our dealers, and we rely on third parties, such as cloud hosting providers and other service providers, to perform some of our obligations. If the security measures we and our third-party vendors use are breached, if there are errors in our software or if there are any service interruptions caused by other events, our offerings may not operate properly, dealer data could be lost or compromised, and our dealers businesses may be disrupted. In such events, we may incur legal liabilities, lost business or harm to our brand reputation, which could have a negative impact on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 We may be adversely impacted by losses and reputational damage related to product defects. 
 Product defects can occur within our own product development and manufacturing processes or through our reliance on third parties for product development and manufacturing activities. We incur various expenses related to product defects, including product warranty costs, product recall and retrofit costs and product liability costs, which can have an adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, the reputation of our brands may be diminished by product defects and recalls. 
 We maintain a reserve for our product warranty costs based on certain estimates and our knowledge of current events and actions. While we continue to make significant investments to improve product quality, our actual 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 warranty costs may exceed our reserve, resulting in a need to increase our accruals for warranty charges. We purchase insurance coverage to reduce our exposure to significant levels of product liability claims and maintain a reserve for our self-insured losses based upon estimates of the aggregate liability using claims experience and actuarial assumptions. Incorrect estimates or any significant increase in the rate of our product defect expenses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments: 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties: 
 We have operations at locations throughout the U.S. and around the world. None of our owned properties are mortgaged or are held subject to any significant encumbrance. We believe our facilities are in good operating condition and, at present, are sufficient to meet our volume needs currently and for the foreseeable future. Our global headquarters is located in Grand Rapids, Michigan, U.S.A. Our owned and leased principal manufacturing and distribution center locations with greater than 100,000 square feet are as follows: 
 Segment/Category Primarily Supported Number of Principal Locations Owned Leased Americas 15 6 9 EMEA 6 5 1 Other category 2 2 Total 23 11 12 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings: 
 We are involved in litigation from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Based on known information, we do not believe we are a party to any lawsuit or proceeding that is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures: 
 Not applicable. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Supplementary Item. Information About Our Executive Officers: 
 Our executive officers are: 
 Name Age Position Sara E. Armbruster 52 President and Chief Executive Officer, Director Donna K. Flynn 55 Vice President, Global Talent Management Robert G. Krestakos 61 Vice President, Global Operations Nicole C. McGrath 46 Vice President, Corporate Controller Chief Accounting Officer Steven D. Miller 48 Vice President, Chief Technology Officer Lizbeth S. O Shaughnessy 61 Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Allan W. Smith, Jr. 55 Senior Vice President, Chief Revenue Officer David C. Sylvester 58 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 Sara E. Armbruster has been President and Chief Executive Officer since October 2021. Ms. Armbruster was Executive Vice President from April 2021 to October 2021 and Vice President, Strategy, Research and Digital Transformation from February 2018 to April 2021. Ms. Armbruster has been employed by Steelcase since 2007. 
 Donna K. Flynn has been Vice President, Global Talent Management since March 2020. Ms. Flynn was Vice President, WorkSpace Futures - Research from June 2015 to March 2020 and has been employed by Steelcase since 2011. 
 Robert G. Krestakos has been Vice President, Global Operations since February 2015 and has been employed by Steelcase since 1992. 
 Nicole C. McGrath has been Vice President, Corporate Controller Chief Accounting Officer since January 2023. Ms. McGrath was Vice President, Finance from January 2022 to January 2023, Vice President, Finance - EMEA and Asia Pacific from June 2018 to January 2022 and Chief Financial Officer, Asia Pacific from June 2014 to June 2018. Ms. McGrath has been employed by Steelcase since 2011. 
 Steven D. Miller has been Vice President, Chief Technology Officer since October 2021. Mr. Miller was Vice President, Chief Information Officer from February 2018 to October 2021 and has been employed by Steelcase since 1999. 
 Lizbeth S. O Shaughnessy has been Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary since June 2014 and has been employed by Steelcase since 1992. 
 Allan W. Smith, Jr. has been Senior Vice President, Chief Revenue Officer since October 2021. Mr. Smith was Vice President, Global Marketing from September 2013 to October 2021 and has been employed by Steelcase since 1991. 
 David C. Sylvester has been Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since April 2011 and has been employed by Steelcase since 1995. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities: 
 Common Stock 
 Our Class A Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SCS . Our Class B Common Stock is not registered under the Exchange Act and there is no established public trading market. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. As of the close of business on April 11, 2023, we had outstanding 113,953,086 shares of common stock with 4,820 shareholders of record. Of these amounts, 93,538,673 shares are Class A Common Stock with 4,756 shareholders of record and 20,414,413 shares are Class B Common Stock with 64 shareholders of record. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows the yearly percentage change in cumulative shareholder return, assuming a 100.00 investment on February 28, 2018. The S P 500 Stock Index is used as a performance indicator of the overall stock market. The Peer Group consists of three companies that manufacture office furniture and have industry characteristics that we believe are similar to Steelcase. The peer group consists of HNI Corporation, Kimball International, Inc. and MillerKnoll, Inc. (prior to their merger on July 19, 2021, the peer group included both Herman Miller, Inc. and Knoll, Inc.). The returns of each company in this group are weighted by their relative market capitalization at the beginning of each fiscal year. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Fourth Quarter Share Repurchases 
 The following is a summary of share repurchase activity during Q4 2023: 
 Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (b) Average Price Paid per Share (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) (d) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) (in millions) 11/26/2022 - 12/30/2022 6,314 6.85 6.4 12/31/2022 - 01/27/2023 2,901 7.49 6.4 01/28/2023 - 02/24/2023 6.4 Total 9,215 (2) 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) In January 2016, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program, announced on January 19, 2016, permitting the repurchase of up to 150 of shares of our common stock. 
 (2) All shares were repurchased to satisfy participants tax withholding obligations upon the issuance of shares under equity awards, pursuant to the terms of our Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: 
 The following review of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere within this Report. 
 This item contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. A non-GAAP financial measure is defined as a numerical measure of a company s financial performance that excludes or includes amounts so as to be different than the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in the consolidated statements of income, balance sheets or statements of cash flows of the company. The non-GAAP financial measures used are (1) organic revenue growth, (2) adjusted operating income (loss) and (3) adjusted earnings per share. Pursuant to the requirements of Regulation G, we have provided a reconciliation of each of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in the tables below. These measures are supplemental to, and should be used in conjunction with, the most comparable GAAP financial measures. Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to monitor and evaluate financial results and trends. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a description of these measures and why management believes they are also useful to investors. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Summary 
 Our reportable segments consist of the Americas segment, the EMEA segment and the Other category. Unallocated corporate expenses are reported as Corporate. 
 Results of Operations 
 Statement of Operations Data Consolidated Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Revenue 3,232.6 100.0 2,772.7 100.0 2,596.2 100.0 Cost of sales 2,310.7 71.5 2,011.2 72.5 1,822.8 70.2 Restructuring costs 2.5 0.1 10.6 0.4 Gross profit 919.4 28.4 761.5 27.5 762.8 29.4 Operating expenses 837.2 25.9 741.4 26.8 684.2 26.4 Goodwill impairment charge 17.6 0.6 Restructuring costs 16.7 0.5 18.0 0.7 Operating income 65.5 2.0 20.1 0.7 43.0 1.7 Interest expense (28.4) (0.9) (25.7) (0.9) (27.1) (1.1) Investment income 1.0 0.1 0.6 1.4 0.1 Other income, net 13.5 0.4 6.6 0.2 8.6 0.3 Income before income tax expense (benefit) 51.6 1.6 1.6 25.9 1.0 Income tax expense (benefit) 16.3 0.5 (2.4) (0.1) (0.2) Net income 35.3 1.1 4.0 0.1 26.1 1.0 Earnings per share: Basic 0.30 0.03 0.22 Diluted 0.30 0.03 0.22 
 
 Organic Revenue Growth Consolidated Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 Prior year revenue 2,772.7 2,596.2 Acquisitions 58.9 44.8 Divestitures (1.4) Currency translation effects (77.9) 16.0 Prior year revenue, adjusted 2,752.3 2,657.0 Current year revenue 3,232.6 2,772.7 Organic growth 480.3 115.7 Organic growth 17 4 
 
 Reconciliation of Operating Income to Adjusted Operating Income Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Operating income 65.5 2.0 20.1 0.7 43.0 1.7 Amortization of purchased intangible assets 22.8 0.7 14.8 0.6 16.3 0.6 Goodwill impairment charge 17.6 0.7 Restructuring costs 19.2 0.6 28.6 1.1 Adjusted operating income 107.5 3.3 34.9 1.3 105.5 4.1 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted Earnings Per Share Year ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Earnings per share 0.30 0.03 0.22 Amortization of purchased intangible assets, per share 0.19 0.13 0.14 Income tax effect of amortization of purchased intangible assets, per share (0.05) (0.03) (0.04) Goodwill impairment charge, per share 0.15 Restructuring costs, per share 0.16 0.24 Income tax effect of restructuring costs, per share (0.04) (0.09) Adjusted earnings per share 0.56 0.13 0.62 
 The current year results of operations are presented in comparison to the prior year within the sections below. For a discussion of the 2022 results of operations in comparison to 2021, see "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 In 2023, our revenue, gross margin and earnings per share improved compared to the prior year as year-over-year pricing benefits exceeded year-over-year inflation impacts. During 2022 and the first half of 2023, broad-based supply chain disruptions, such as labor shortages and delays in long distance supply chains, impacted our ability to manufacture and complete deliveries to our customers, and we experienced significant inflation in steel, fuel and other commodities. In response to the inflationary pressures, we implemented multiple list price increases globally in 2022 and 2023 and a temporary surcharge in the Americas in 2023. As of the end of 2023, the benefits of our cumulative pricing actions approximated the cumulative inflation we incurred over the past two years, and we expect to have continued gross margin improvement from our pricing actions in 2024. In addition, supply chain disruptions began to ease in the second half of 2023 which led to reduced lead times and faster order fulfillment. 
 Our 17 revenue growth in 2023 was driven by the benefits of our pricing actions and increased volume, including revenue from our acquisition of HALCON in Q2 2023. We had a strong order backlog at the start of the year and broad-based order growth in the Americas and EMEA in the first half of the year. In Q3 2023, orders declined compared to the prior year in connection with softening industry demand patterns, and in Q4 2023, the year-over-year order declines improved compared to Q3 2023, primarily due to increased project orders from large corporate customers. At the end of the year, our backlog of customer orders was approximately 690, which was 14 lower than the prior year. In response to the softening demand patterns in Q3 2023, we took actions to reduce our operational spending which included workforce reductions in the Americas and actions to wind down our customer aviation function. 
 We recorded net income of 35.3 and diluted earnings per share of 0.30 in 2023 compared to net income of 4.0 and diluted earnings per share of 0.03 in 2022. Operating income of 65.5 in 2023 represented an increase of 45.4 compared to the prior year. The increase was driven by higher pricing benefits, net of inflation, higher volume, partially offset by higher operating expenses and 19.2 of restructuring costs related to workforce reductions in the Americas and wind down of our customer aviation function. We reported adjusted operating income of 107.5 and adjusted earnings per share of 0.56 in 2023, and we had adjusted operating income of 34.9 and adjusted earnings per share of 0.13 in the prior year. 
 Revenue of 3,232.6 in 2023 represented an increase of 459.9 or 16.6 compared to the prior year, driven by growth across all segments. Approximately 325 of the increase was related to higher pricing benefits, and approximately 210 was related to higher volume (which included approximately 65 from acquisitions), partially offset by approximately 78 of unfavorable currency translation effects, primarily in EMEA. Revenue increased by 22.9 in the Americas, 1.9 in EMEA and 4.6 in the Other category. Organic revenue growth was 480.3 or 17 compared to the prior year, with 20 in the Americas, 13 in EMEA and 8 in the Other category. 
 Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue improved by 100 basis points in 2023 compared to the prior year. The improvement was driven by approximately 170 of higher pricing benefits, net of inflation, and the benefits of higher volume, partially offset by approximately 33 of higher fixed overhead costs and labor inefficiencies and 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 18.2 of higher variable compensation expense. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue improved by 210 basis points in the Americas but increased by 160 basis points in EMEA and by 50 basis points in the Other category. 
 Operating expenses increased by 95.8 in 2023, but decreased by 90 basis points as a percentage of revenue, compared to the prior year. Operating expenses in 2023 included: 
 38.8 of higher variable compensation expense, 
 28.4 of higher marketing, product development and sales expenses, 
 24.4 from acquisitions, 
 approximately 13 of higher spending in other functional areas and employee costs, and 
 a 5.2 increase in the valuation of a contingent earnout liability, 
 partially offset by 17.2 of favorable currency translation effects. 
 Operating expenses included 12.9 of gains on sales of fixed assets in 2023 compared to a 15.4 gain on the sale of land in 2022. 
 We recorded restructuring costs of 19.2 in the Americas in 2023. See Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Our 2023 effective tax rate was 31.6 compared to a 2022 effective tax rate of (150.0) , which included 3.6 of discrete tax benefits. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Interest Expense, Investment Income and Other Income, Net 
 Interest Expense, Investment Income and Other Income, Net Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Interest expense (28.4) (25.7) (27.1) Investment income 1.0 0.6 1.4 Other income, net: Equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates 12.5 8.0 9.3 Foreign exchange gains (losses) 1.8 1.1 (2.3) Net periodic pension and post-retirement expense, excluding service cost (1.1) (0.7) (0.3) Miscellaneous income (expense), net 0.3 (1.8) 1.9 Total other income, net 13.5 6.6 8.6 Total interest expense, investment income and other income, net (13.9) (18.5) (17.1) 
 Interest expense in 2023 increased compared to 2022 due to borrowings under our global committed credit facility in 2023. Total other income, net in 2023 increased compared to 2022 driven by a 4.5 increase in income recorded from our unconsolidated affiliates related to our dealer investments and manufacturing joint venture. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Business Segment Disclosure 
 See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our business segments. 
 
 Americas 
 The Americas segment serves customers in the U.S., Canada, the Caribbean Islands and Latin America with a comprehensive portfolio of furniture and architectural products marketed to corporate, government, healthcare, education and retail customers through the Steelcase, AMQ, Coalesse, HALCON, Orangebox, Smith System and Viccarbe brands. 
 Statement of Operations Data Americas Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Revenue 2,340.8 100.0 1,905.0 100.0 1,848.5 100.0 Cost of sales 1,665.2 71.1 1,394.0 73.2 1,285.1 69.5 Restructuring costs 2.5 0.1 10.6 0.6 Gross profit 673.1 28.8 511.0 26.8 552.8 29.9 Operating expenses 552.6 23.7 466.6 24.5 437.8 23.7 Restructuring costs 16.7 0.7 18.0 1.0 Operating income 103.8 4.4 44.4 2.3 97.0 5.2 
 Organic Revenue Growth Americas Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 Prior year revenue 1,905.0 1,848.5 Acquisitions 52.7 41.8 Divestitures (0.2) Currency translation effects (4.2) 5.2 Prior year revenue, adjusted 1,953.3 1,895.5 Current year revenue 2,340.8 1,905.0 Organic growth 387.5 9.5 Organic growth 20 1 
 Reconciliation of Operating Income to Adjusted Operating Income - Americas Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Operating income 103.8 4.4 44.4 2.3 97.0 5.2 Amortization of purchased intangible assets 18.2 0.8 10.5 0.6 12.6 0.7 Restructuring costs 19.2 0.8 28.6 1.6 Adjusted operating income 141.2 6.0 54.9 2.9 138.2 7.5 
 Operating income in the Americas increased by 59.4 in 2023 compared to the prior year. The increase was driven by higher pricing benefits, net of inflation, and higher volume, partially offset by higher operating expenses. The 2023 results included 19.2 of restructuring costs. Adjusted operating income of 141.2 in 2023 represented an improvement of 86.3 compared to the prior year. 
 The Americas revenue represented 72.4 of consolidated revenue in 2023. In 2023, revenue of 2,340.8 represented an increase of 435.8 or 22.9 compared to the prior year. The increase included approximately 250 related to higher pricing benefits and approximately 190 related to higher volume (including approximately 55 from acquisitions). Organic revenue growth in 2023 was 387.5 or 20 compared to the prior year. 
 Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue improved by 210 basis points in 2023 compared to the prior year. The improvement was driven by approximately 150 of higher pricing benefits, net of inflation, and the benefits of 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 higher volume, partially offset by approximately 31 of higher fixed overhead costs and labor inefficiencies and 16.1 of higher variable compensation expense. 
 Operating expenses increased by 86.0 in 2023, but decreased by 80 basis points as a percentage of revenue, compared to the prior year. Operating expenses in 2023 included: 
 29.3 of higher variable compensation expense, 
 20.5 from acquisitions, 
 15.6 of higher marketing, product development and sales expenses, 
 10.9 of higher spending in other functional areas, primarily information technology, facilities and strategy, and 
 a 2.6 increase in the valuation of a contingent earnout liability. 
 Operating expenses included 12.9 of gains on sales of fixed assets in 2023 compared to a 15.4 gain on the sale of land in 2022. 
 
 EMEA 
 The EMEA segment serves customers in Europe, the Middle East and Africa primarily under the Steelcase, Coalesse, Orangebox and Viccarbe brands, with a comprehensive portfolio of furniture and architectural products. 
 Statement of Operations Data EMEA Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Revenue 610.1 100.0 598.5 100.0 511.3 100.0 Cost of sales 450.9 73.9 432.6 72.3 380.4 74.4 Gross profit 159.2 26.1 165.9 27.7 130.9 25.6 Operating expenses 162.6 26.7 162.6 27.1 145.6 28.5 Goodwill impairment charge 17.6 3.4 Operating income (loss) (3.4) (0.6) 3.3 0.6 (32.3) (6.3) 
 Organic Revenue Growth EMEA Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 Prior year revenue 598.5 511.3 Acquisitions 6.2 3.0 Divestitures (1.2) Currency translation effects (65.9) 7.5 Prior year revenue, adjusted 537.6 521.8 Current year revenue 610.1 598.5 Organic growth 72.5 76.7 Organic growth 13 15 
 Reconciliation of Operating Income (Loss) to Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) - EMEA Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Operating income (loss) (3.4) (0.6) 3.3 0.6 (32.3) (6.3) Amortization of purchased intangible assets 4.6 0.8 4.3 0.7 3.7 0.7 Goodwill impairment charge 17.6 3.4 Adjusted operating income (loss) 1.2 0.2 7.6 1.3 (11.0) (2.2) 
 Operating results in EMEA decreased by 6.7 in 2023 compared to the prior year. The decline was driven by higher cost of sales, primarily due to higher inflation. Adjusted operating income of 1.2 in 2023 represented a decline of 6.4 compared to the prior year. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 EMEA revenue represented 18.9 of consolidated revenue in 2023. In 2023, revenue of 610.1 represented an increase of 11.6 or 1.9 compared to the prior year. The increase was broad-based across all markets. Revenue increased by approximately 60 related to higher pricing benefits and by approximately 15 related to higher volume (including approximately 11 from an acquisition), mostly offset by approximately 66 of unfavorable currency translation effects. Organic revenue growth in 2023 was 72.5 or 13 compared to the prior year. 
 Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue increased by 160 basis points in 2023 compared to the prior year. The increase was driven by approximately 45 of higher inflation, approximately 4 of higher overhead costs and freight and labor inefficiencies and approximately 2 of unfavorable currency impacts, partially offset by approximately 60 of higher pricing benefits and the benefits of higher volume. 
 Operating expenses were flat in 2023, but decreased by 40 basis points as a percentage of revenue, compared to the prior year. Operating expenses in 2023 included: 
 5.6 of higher variable compensation expense, 
 approximately 5 of higher spending and employee costs, 
 3.6 from an acquisition, and 
 a 2.6 increase in the valuation of a contingent earnout liability, 
 offset by 17.2 of favorable currency translation effects. 
 
 Other 
 The Other category includes Asia Pacific and Designtex. Asia Pacific serves customers in Australia, China, India, Japan, Korea and other countries in Southeast Asia primarily under the Steelcase brand with a comprehensive portfolio of furniture and architectural products. Designtex sells textiles, wall coverings and surface imaging solutions specified by architects and designers directly to end-use customers through a direct sales force primarily in North America. 
 Statement of Operations Data Other Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Revenue 281.7 100.0 269.2 100.0 236.4 100.0 Cost of sales 194.6 69.1 184.6 68.6 157.3 66.5 Gross profit 87.1 30.9 84.6 31.4 79.1 33.5 Operating expenses 93.4 33.1 87.8 32.6 78.9 33.4 Operating income (loss) (6.3) (2.2) (3.2) (1.2) 0.2 0.1 
 Organic Revenue Growth Other Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 Prior year revenue 269.2 236.4 Currency translation effects (7.8) 3.3 Prior year revenue, adjusted 261.4 239.7 Current year revenue 281.7 269.2 Organic growth 20.3 29.5 Organic growth 8 12 
 The operating loss in the Other category increased by 3.1 in 2023 compared to the prior year. The increase was driven by higher cost of sales and higher operating expenses. 
 Revenue in the Other category represented 8.7 of consolidated revenue in 2023. In 2023, revenue of 281.7 represented an increase of 12.5 or 4.6 compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by India and Designtex. Approximately 13 of the increase was related to higher pricing benefits and approximately 5 was related to higher volume, partially offset by approximately 8 of unfavorable currency translation effects. Organic revenue growth was 20.3 or 8 compared to the prior year. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue increased by 50 basis points in 2023 compared to the prior year. The increase was driven by higher inflation and unfavorable currency impacts, partially offset by the benefits of higher volume and approximately 13 of higher pricing benefits. 
 Operating expenses increased by 5.6 in 2023, or 50 basis points as a percentage of revenue, compared to the prior year. The increase was driven by 10.3 of higher marketing, product development and sales expenses and 2.5 of higher variable compensation expense, partially offset by 7.1 of lower spending in other functional areas. 
 
 Corporate 
 Corporate expenses include unallocated portions of shared service functions such as information technology, corporate facilities, finance, human resources, research, legal and customer aviation, plus deferred compensation expense and income or losses associated with COLI. 
 Statement of Operations Data Corporate Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Operating expenses 28.6 24.4 21.9 
 Operating expenses increased by 4.2 in 2023 compared to the prior year. The increase was driven by 5.4 of lower COLI income, 2.3 of higher spending and employee costs and 1.4 of higher variable compensation expense, partially offset by 4.8 of lower deferred compensation expense. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The non-GAAP financial measures used in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are: (1) organic revenue growth, (2) adjusted operating income (loss) and (3) adjusted earnings per share. 
 Organic Revenue Growth 
 We define organic revenue growth as revenue growth excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign currency translation effects. Organic revenue growth is calculated by adjusting prior year revenue to include revenues of acquired companies prior to the date of the company's acquisition, to exclude revenues of divested companies and to use current year average exchange rates in the calculation of foreign-denominated revenue. We believe organic revenue growth is a meaningful metric to investors as it provides a more consistent comparison of our revenue to prior periods as well as to industry peers. 
 Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) and Adjusted Earnings Per Share 
 We define adjusted operating income (loss) as operating income (loss) excluding amortization of purchased intangible assets, goodwill impairment charges and restructuring costs. We define adjusted earnings per share as earnings per share excluding amortization of purchased intangible assets, goodwill impairment charges and restructuring costs, net of related income tax effects. 
 Amortization of purchased intangible assets: We may record intangible assets (such as backlog, dealer relationships, trademarks, know-how and designs and proprietary technology) when we acquire companies. We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to net tangible and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. The fair value estimates for these intangible assets require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, which include the useful lives of intangible assets. We believe that adjusting for amortization of purchased intangible assets provides a more consistent comparison of our operating performance to prior periods as well as to industry peers. As our business strategy in recent years has included an increased number of acquisitions, intangible asset amortization has become more significant. 
 Goodwill impairment charges : Goodwill represents the difference between the purchase price and the related underlying tangible and identifiable intangible net asset fair values resulting from business acquisitions. We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually in Q4, or earlier if conditions indicate that there may be a potential for impairment, and goodwill impairment charges may be recorded as a result of these assessments. We believe that adjusting for goodwill impairment charges provides a more consistent comparison of our operating performance to prior periods as well as to industry peers. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Restructuring costs: Restructuring costs may be recorded as our business strategies change or in response to changing market trends and economic conditions. We believe that adjusting for restructuring costs, which are primarily associated with business exit and workforce reduction costs, provides a more consistent comparison of our operating performance to prior periods as well as to industry peers. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity 
 Cash and cash equivalents are used to fund day-to-day operations, including seasonal disbursements, particularly the annual payment of accrued variable compensation and retirement plan contributions in Q1 of each fiscal year. During normal business conditions, we target a range of 75 to 175 for cash and cash equivalents to fund operating requirements. In addition, we may carry additional liquidity for potential investments in strategic initiatives and as a cushion against economic volatility, and from time to time, we may allow our cash and cash equivalents to temporarily fall below our targeted range to fund acquisitions and other growth initiatives. 
 Liquidity Sources February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 Cash and cash equivalents 90.4 200.9 Company-owned life insurance 157.3 168.0 Availability under credit facilities 269.7 262.0 Total liquidity sources available 517.4 630.9 
 As of February 24, 2023, we held a total of 90.4 in cash and cash equivalents. Of that total, 52 was located in the U.S. and the remaining 48 , or 43.0, was located outside of the U.S., primarily in China (including Hong Kong), Mexico, India, Malaysia and the U.K. 
 COLI investments are recorded at their net cash surrender value. Our investments in COLI policies are intended to be utilized as a long-term funding source for long-term benefit obligations. However, COLI can also be used as a source of liquidity. We believe the financial strength of the issuing insurance companies associated with our COLI policies is sufficient to meet their obligations. See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Availability under credit facilities may be reduced related to compliance with applicable covenants. See Liquidity Facilities for more information. 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated statements of cash flows: 
 Cash Flow Data Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Net cash flow provided by (used in): Operating activities 89.4 (102.6) 64.8 Investing activities (134.8) (65.5) (30.6) Financing activities (62.9) (120.0) (87.8) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (1.5) (0.5) 2.1 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (109.8) (288.6) (51.5) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 207.0 495.6 547.1 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 97.2 207.0 495.6 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 Cash Flow Data Operating Activities Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Net income 35.3 4.0 26.1 Depreciation and amortization 90.0 83.2 85.2 Goodwill impairment charge 17.6 Restructuring costs 19.2 28.6 Changes in accounts receivable, inventories and accounts payable (71.0) (145.4) 79.0 Income taxes receivable 36.4 7.8 7.8 Employee compensation liabilities 34.2 (19.3) (138.7) Employee benefit obligations (12.4) (15.4) (22.6) Customer deposits (24.9) 18.4 2.2 Other (17.4) (35.9) (20.4) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 89.4 (102.6) 64.8 
 In 2023, cash provided by operating activities improved compared to the prior year, driven by the benefits of higher net income and continued focus on controlling working capital despite the impacts of supply chain disruptions. Annual payments related to accrued variable compensation and retirement plan contributions totaled 32.4 in 2023 compared to 50.4 in the prior year. In 2023, we received 33.5 related to the carryback of our 2021 tax loss in the U.S., and we paid 14.7 of severance and other separation-related benefits and business exit costs related to restructuring activities in our Americas segment. See Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Cash used in investing activities 
 Cash Flow Data Investing Activities Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Capital expenditures (59.1) (60.5) (41.3) Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets 9.9 17.4 7.4 Proceeds from COLI policies 12.2 7.8 2.2 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (105.3) (32.6) (3.8) Other 7.5 2.4 4.9 Net cash used in investing activities (134.8) (65.5) (30.6) 
 Capital expenditures in 2023 primarily related to investments in manufacturing operations, product development, customer-facing facilities and information technology. Proceeds from the disposal of fixed assets included 7.0 and 17.2 related to the sale of land in 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 In 2023, we acquired HALCON using cash and borrowings under our global committed credit facility. See Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Cash used in financing activities 
 Cash Flow Data Financing Activities Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Dividends paid (57.3) (62.6) (43.5) Common stock repurchases (3.9) (55.2) (42.7) Other (1.7) (2.2) (1.6) Net cash used in financing activities (62.9) (120.0) (87.8) 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 The following table details dividends paid per common share during each quarter of 2023 and 2022: 
 Dividend Data First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Total 2023 Dividends declared and paid per common share 0.145 0.145 0.100 0.100 0.490 2022 Dividends declared and paid per common share 0.100 0.145 0.145 0.145 0.535 
 During 2023 and 2022, we made common stock repurchases of 3.9 and 55.2, respectively, all of which related to our Class A Common Stock. These common stock repurchases included repurchases of 3.9 and 6.0 in 2023 and 2022, respectively, which were made to satisfy participants' tax withholding obligations upon the issuance of shares under equity awards, pursuant to the terms of our Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 As of February 24, 2023, we had 6.4 of remaining availability under the 150 share repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors in 2016. 
 
 Liquidity Facilities 
 Our total liquidity facilities as of February 24, 2023 were as follows: 
 Liquidity Facilities February 24, 2023 Global committed bank facility 250.0 Other committed bank facility 8.0 Various uncommitted facilities 15.2 Total credit lines available 273.2 Less: Borrowings outstanding (3.5) Available capacity 269.7 
 We have a 250.0 global committed bank facility in effect through 2025. As of February 24, 2023, there were no borrowings outstanding under the facility, our availability to borrow under the facility was not limited, and we were in compliance with all covenants under the facility. 
 We have an 8.0 committed bank facility related to a subsidiary. As of February 24, 2023, there were 3.5 in borrowings outstanding under the facility and our availability to borrow under the facility was not limited. 
 We have unsecured uncommitted short-term credit facilities available for working capital purposes with various financial institutions with a total U.S. dollar borrowing capacity of up to 3.8 and a total foreign currency borrowing capacity of up to 11.4 as of February 24, 2023. These credit facilities have no stated expiration date but may be changed or canceled by the banks at any time. As of February 24, 2023, there were no borrowings outstanding under these uncommitted facilities. 
 Total consolidated debt as of February 24, 2023 was 481.2. Our debt primarily consists of 445.5 in term notes due in 2029 with an effective interest rate of 5.6 . In addition, we have a term loan with a balance as of February 24, 2023 of 32.2. This term loan has a floating interest rate based on 30-day LIBOR plus 1.20 and is due in Q1 2024. The term notes are unsecured, and the term loan is secured by our two corporate aircraft. The term notes and the term loan contain no financial covenants and are not cross-defaulted to our other debt facilities. 
 See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Liquidity Outlook 
 At February 24, 2023, our total liquidity, which is comprised of cash and cash equivalents and the cash surrender value of COLI, aggregated to 247.7. Our liquidity position, funds available under our credit facilities, cash generated from future operations and proceeds from assets held for sale are expected to be sufficient to finance our known and foreseeable liquidity needs, including our material cash requirements. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Material Cash Requirements 
 Our material committed cash requirements are as follows: 
 Debt : Principal obligations on our debt are 35.7 during 2024 and 445.5 thereafter. Interest obligations on our debt are estimated to be 23.4 during 2024 and approximately 23 in each year thereafter until maturity. See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Operating leases : We have commitments related to corporate offices, sales offices, showrooms, manufacturing and distribution facilities, vehicles and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases that expire at various dates through 2036. Minimum payments under our operating lease obligations are estimated to be 52.5 during 2024 and 188.0 thereafter. See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Employee benefit and compensation obligations : We have obligations related to contributions and benefit payments expected to be made for post-retirement, pension and defined contribution plans and deferred compensation plans. Our obligations related to post-retirement benefit plans are not contractual, and the plans could be amended at the discretion of our Compensation Committee. Payments related to post-retirement and pension plans are estimated to be 8.1 during 2024 and 57.5 from 2025 through 2033. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. Our deferred compensation obligations are estimated to be 6.2 during 2024 and 39.6 thereafter. See Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 We also have other planned material usages of cash which we consider discretionary. This includes plans for capital expenditures, which are expected to be approximately 70 to 80 in 2024. In addition, we fund dividend payments as and when approved by our Board of Directors. On March 22, 2023, we announced a quarterly dividend on our common stock of 0.10 per share, or approximately 11, to be paid in Q1 2024. 
 The amounts included above are as of February 24, 2023. Our material cash requirements are subject to fluctuation based on business requirements, economic volatility or investments in strategic initiatives. The amounts of these obligations could change materially over time as new contracts or obligations are initiated and existing contracts or obligations are terminated or modified. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These principles require the use of estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Although these estimates are based on historical data and management s knowledge of current events and actions it may undertake in the future, actual results may differ from the estimates if different conditions occur. The accounting estimates that typically involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity are listed and explained below. These estimates were discussed with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors and affect all of our segments. 
 Business Combinations and Goodwill 
 We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is allocated to goodwill. The allocation of the purchase consideration requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. These estimates are reviewed with our advisors and can include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows related to acquired dealer relationships, trademarks and know-how/designs and require estimation of useful lives and discount rates. Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and as a result, actual results may differ from these estimates. During the measurement period, which is up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. During 2023, we acquired HALCON. See Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Annually in Q4, or earlier if conditions indicate it is necessary, the carrying value of each reporting unit is compared to an estimate of its fair value. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 value, the difference is recorded as an impairment charge. Goodwill is assigned to and the fair value is tested at the reporting unit level. In 2023, we evaluated goodwill using nine reporting units: the Americas, EMEA, Asia Pacific, Designtex, AMQ, Smith System, Orangebox U.K., Viccarbe and HALCON. 
 During Q4 2023, we performed our annual impairment assessment of goodwill in our reporting units. In the test for potential impairment, we measured the estimated fair values of our reporting units using a discounted cash flow DCF valuation method. The DCF analysis calculated the present value of projected cash flows and a residual value using discount rates that ranged from 12 to 14 . Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating changes and to estimate future cash flows in measuring fair value. Assumptions used in our DCF valuations, such as discount rates, forecasted revenue growth rates, expected operating margins and estimated capital investment, are consistent with our internal projections as of the time of the assessment. If we had concluded that it was appropriate to increase the discount rate in our analysis by 100 basis points to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit, the fair value of each of our reporting units would still have exceeded its carrying value. These assumptions could change over time, which may result in future impairment charges. We corroborated the results of the DCF analysis with a market-based approach that used observable comparable company information to support the appropriateness of the fair value estimates. There were no impairment charges recorded for any reporting units in 2023. 
 As of February 24, 2023, we had remaining goodwill recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheet as follows: 
 Reportable Segment Goodwill Americas 257.6 EMEA 8.5 Other category 10.7 Total 276.8 
 As of the valuation date, the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by at least 20 . See Note 2 and Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our annual effective tax rate is based on income, statutory tax rates and tax planning strategies in various jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. Significant judgment is required in determining our tax expense, measuring our expected ability to realize deferred tax assets and evaluating our tax positions. 
 We are audited by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service under the Compliance Assurance Process CAP ). Under CAP, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service works with large business taxpayers to identify and resolve issues prior to the filing of a tax return. Accordingly, we expect to record minimal liabilities for U.S. Federal uncertain tax positions. Tax positions are reviewed regularly for state, local and non-U.S. tax liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions. 
 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. These assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse. In evaluating our ability to recover deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise, we consider all positive and negative evidence. These expectations require significant judgment and are developed using forecasts of future taxable income that are consistent with the internal plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying business as of the time of the evaluation. Changes in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. A 1 change in statutory tax rates used to compute our deferred tax assets and liabilities would have increased or decreased our income tax expense in 2023 by approximately 3.6. 
 Future tax benefits are recognized to the extent that realization of these benefits is considered more likely than not. As of February 24, 2023, we recorded tax benefits from net operating loss carryforwards of 36.5. We also have recorded valuation allowances totaling 3.1 against these assets, which reduced our recorded tax benefit to 33.4. It is considered more likely than not that a 33.4 cash benefit will be realized on these carryforwards in future periods. This determination is based on the expectation that related operations will be sufficiently profitable or various tax, business and other planning strategies will enable us to utilize the carryforwards. To the extent that 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 available evidence raises doubt about the realization of a deferred tax asset, a valuation allowance would be established or adjusted. A change in judgment regarding our expected ability to realize deferred tax assets would be accounted for as a discrete tax expense or benefit in the period in which it occurs. 
 Additionally, we have deferred tax assets related to tax credit carryforwards of 17.9 comprised primarily of U.S. foreign tax credits, U.S. general business credits and investment tax credits granted by the Czech Republic. The U.S. foreign tax credit and general business credit carryforward periods are 10 and 20 years, respectively. Utilization of foreign tax credits is restricted to 21 of foreign source taxable income in that year. We have projected our pretax domestic earnings and foreign source income and expect to utilize 9.5 of excess foreign tax credits and 4.1 of general business credits within the allowable carryforward periods. The carryforward period for the Czech Republic investment tax credits is also 10 years. We have projected our pretax earnings in the Czech Republic and expect to utilize the entire 4.3 of credits within the allowable carryover period. Valuation allowances are recorded to the extent realization of the tax credit carryforwards is not more likely than not. 
 See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefits 
 We sponsor a number of domestic and foreign plans to provide pension, medical and life insurance benefits to retired employees. As of February 24, 2023 and February 25, 2022, the fair value of plan assets, benefit plan obligations and funded status of these plans were as follows: 
 Defined Benefit Pension Plans Post-Retirement Plans February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 Fair value of plan assets 22.4 35.2 Benefit plan obligations 53.9 73.7 27.5 34.1 Funded status (31.5) (38.5) (27.5) (34.1) 
 The post-retirement medical and life insurance plans are unfunded. As of February 24, 2023, approximately 75 of our unfunded defined benefit pension obligations is related to our non-qualified supplemental retirement plan that is limited to a select group of management approved by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors. The post-retirement medical and life insurance plans were frozen to new participants in 2003. The non-qualified supplemental retirement plan was frozen to new participants in 2016, and the benefits were capped for existing participants. A portion of our investments in whole life and variable life COLI policies with a net cash surrender value of 157.3 as of February 24, 2023 are intended to be utilized as a long-term funding source for post-retirement medical benefits, deferred compensation and defined benefit pension plan obligations. The asset values of the COLI policies are not segregated in a trust specifically for the plans and thus are not considered plan assets. Changes in the values of these policies have no effect on the post-retirement benefits expense, defined benefit pension expense or benefit obligations recorded in the consolidated financial statements. 
 We recognize the cost of benefits provided during retirement over the employees active working lives. Inherent in this approach is the requirement to use various actuarial assumptions to predict and measure costs and obligations many years prior to the settlement date. Key actuarial assumptions that require significant management judgment and have a material impact on the measurement of our consolidated benefits expense and benefit obligations include, among others, the discount rate and health care cost trend rates. These and other assumptions are reviewed with our actuaries and updated annually based on relevant external and internal factors and information, including, but not limited to, benefit payments, expenses paid from the plan, rates of termination, medical inflation, regulatory requirements, plan changes and governmental coverage changes. 
 To conduct our annual review of discount rates, we perform a matching exercise of projected plan cash flows against spot rates on a yield curve comprised of high-quality corporate bonds as of the measurement date (the Ryan ALM Top Third curve). The measurement dates for our retiree benefit plans are consistent with the last day in February. Accordingly, we select discount rates to measure our benefit obligations that are consistent with market indices at the end of February. In 2023, the weighted average discount rate used to determine the estimated fair value of our defined benefit pension plan obligations was increased to 4.80 from 2.50 . The weighted-average discount rate used to determine the estimated fair value of our post-retirement plan obligations was increased to 5.47 from 3.38 . Selecting these discount rates in 2023 resulted in a 13.1 actuarial gain recorded related to our 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 defined benefit pension plan obligations and a 4.9 actuarial gain recorded related to our post-retirement plan obligations. 
 Based on consolidated benefit obligations as of February 24, 2023, a one percentage point decline in the discount rate used for benefit plan measurement purposes would have changed the 2023 consolidated benefit obligations by approximately 7. All obligation-related actuarial gains and losses are amortized using a straight-line method over the average remaining service period of active plan participants. 
 To conduct our annual review of healthcare cost trend rates, we model our actual claims cost data over a historical period, including an analysis of the pre-65 age group and other important demographic components of our covered retiree population. This data is adjusted to eliminate the impact of plan changes and other factors that would tend to distort the underlying healthcare cost inflation trends. Our initial healthcare cost trend rate is reviewed annually and adjusted as necessary to remain consistent with recent historical experience and our expectations regarding short-term future trends. As of February 24, 2023, our initial rate of 7.50 for pre-age 65 retirees was trended downward by each year, until the ultimate trend rate of 4.50 was reached. The ultimate trend rate is adjusted annually, as necessary, to approximate the current economic view on the rate of long-term inflation plus an appropriate healthcare cost premium. Post-age 65 trend rates are not applicable as our plan provides a fixed subsidy for post-age 65 benefits. 
 Despite the previously described policies for selecting key actuarial assumptions, we periodically experience material differences between assumed and actual experience. Our consolidated net unamortized prior service costs of 0.5 and net actuarial losses of 8.7 related to our defined benefit pension plans and net actuarial gains of 18.3 related to our post-retirement plans, are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 From time to time, in written and oral statements, we discuss our expectations regarding future events and our plans and objectives for future operations. These forward-looking statements discuss goals, intentions and expectations as to future trends, plans, events, results of operations or financial condition, or state other information relating to us, based on current beliefs of management as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, us. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, intend, may, possible, potential, predict, project, "target" or other similar words, phrases or expressions. Although we believe these forward-looking statements are reasonable, they are based upon a number of assumptions concerning future conditions, any or all of which may ultimately prove to be inaccurate. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements and vary from our expectations because of factors such as, but not limited to, competitive and general economic conditions domestically and internationally; acts of terrorism, war, governmental action, natural disasters, pandemics and other Force Majeure events; cyberattacks; changes in the legal and regulatory environment; changes in raw material, commodity and other input costs; currency fluctuations; changes in customer demand; and the other risks and contingencies detailed in this Report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding recently issued accounting standards. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk: 
 We are exposed to market risks from foreign currency exchange, interest rates, commodity prices and fixed income and equity prices, which could affect our operating results, financial position and cash flows. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk primarily on sales and cost commitments, anticipated sales and purchases, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 operating entity. We seek to manage our foreign exchange risk largely through operational means, including matching revenue with same-currency costs and assets with same-currency liabilities. We transacted business globally in 15 primary currencies in 2023 and 2022, of which the most significant were the U.S. dollar, the euro, the Canadian dollar, Mexican peso, Indian rupee, the Australian dollar, the U.K. pound sterling and Malaysian ringgit. Revenue from foreign locations represented approximately 30 of our consolidated revenue in 2023 and approximately 33 in 2022. We actively manage the foreign currency exposures that are associated with committed foreign currency purchases and sales created in the normal course of business at the local entity level. Exposures that cannot be naturally offset within a local entity to an immaterial amount are often netted with offsetting exposures at other entities or hedged with foreign currency derivatives. We do not use foreign currency derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. Our results are affected by the strength of the currencies in countries where we manufacture or purchase goods relative to the strength of the currencies in countries where our products are sold. 
 We estimate that an additional 10 strengthening of the U.S. dollar against local currencies would have increased operating income by approximately 14.3 in 2023 and by approximately 8 in 2022. These estimates assume no changes other than the U.S. dollar exchange rate itself. However, this quantitative measure has inherent limitations. The sensitivity analysis disregards the possibility that U.S. dollar and other exchange rates can move in opposite directions and that gains from one currency may or may not be offset by losses from another currency. 
 The translation of the assets and liabilities of our international subsidiaries is completed using the foreign currency exchange rates as of the end of the fiscal year. Translation adjustments are not included in determining net income but are included in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within shareholders equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets until a sale or substantially complete liquidation of the net investment in the international subsidiary takes place. In certain markets, we could recognize a significant gain or loss related to unrealized cumulative translation adjustments if we were to exit the market and liquidate our net investment. As of February 24, 2023 and February 25, 2022, the cumulative net currency translation adjustments reduced shareholders equity by 76.0 and 49.4, respectively. 
 Foreign currency exchange gains and losses reflect transaction gains and losses, which arise from monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than a business unit s functional currency and are recorded in Other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. In 2023, net foreign currency exchange gains were 1.8, and in 2022, net foreign currency exchange gains were 1.1. 
 See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk primarily on our cash and cash equivalents and short-term and long-term borrowings. Our cash equivalents are primarily held in money market funds invested in U.S. government debt securities. The risk on our short-term and long-term borrowings is primarily related to a floating interest rate loan with a balance of 32.2 and 34.9 as of February 24, 2023 and February 25, 2022, respectively. The loan bears a floating interest rate based on 30-day LIBOR plus 1.20 . 
 We estimate a 1 increase in interest rates would have increased our net income by less than 1 in 2023 and 2022, primarily as a result of higher interest income on our cash equivalents and borrowings. However, this quantitative measure has inherent limitations since not all of our investments are in similar asset classes. 
 See Note 7 and Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 We are exposed to commodity price risk on raw material, component and finished good purchases. The raw materials that we purchase and that are used in the manufacture of the components and finished goods are not rare or unique to our industry. The cost of steel, petroleum-based products (including plastics and foam), aluminum, other metals, wood, particleboard and other commodities, such as fuel and energy, have fluctuated due to changes in global supply and demand. Our gross margins could be affected if these types of costs continue to fluctuate or changes in global supply and demand force us to procure materials from outside our current supply chains. We actively manage these raw material costs through global sourcing initiatives and price increases on our products. However, in the short-term, significant increases in raw material costs, commodity and other input costs can be very difficult to offset with price increases because of contractual agreements with our customers, and it is difficult to find effective financial instruments to hedge against such changes. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 As a result of changes in commodity costs, cost of sales increased by approximatel y 150 during 2023 and by approximately 127 in 2022. The increase in commodity costs during 2023 was driven primarily by commodities, fuel and logistics. The increase in commodity costs during 2022 was driven primarily by higher steel and other commodity costs, which reflected rising costs during each quarter of the year. We estimate that an additional 1 increase in commodity prices, assuming no offsetting benefit of price increases, would have decreased our operating income by approximately 13 in 2023 and 2022. This quantitative measure has inherent limitations given the likelihood of implementing pricing actions to offset significant increases in commodity prices. 
 Fixed Income and Equity Price Risk 
 We are exposed to fixed income and equity price risk primarily on the cash surrender value associated with our investments in variable life COLI policies, which totaled 54.3 as of February 24, 2023. Our variable life COLI policies were allocated at approximately 65 fixed income and 35 equity investments as of February 24, 2023. 
 We estimate a 10 adverse change in the value of the equity portion of our variable life COLI investments would reduce our net income by approximately 4 in 2023 and approximately 3 in 2022. However, given that a portion of the investments in COLI policies are intended to be utilized as a long-term funding source for deferred compensation obligations, and the related earnings associated with these obligations are driven by participant investment elections that often include equity market allocations, any adverse change in the equity portion of our variable life COLI investments may be partially offset by reductions in deferred compensation liabilities. We estimate that the risk of changes in the value of the variable life COLI investments due to other factors, including changes in interest rates, yield curve and portfolio duration, would not have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition. This quantitative measure has inherent limitations since not all of our investments are in similar asset classes. 
 See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 
 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. This system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the Board of Directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Further, because of changes in conditions, effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the system of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management determined that our system of internal control over financial reporting was effective as of February 24, 2023. 
 , the independent registered certified public accounting firm that audited our financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K, also audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Steelcase Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Steelcase Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of February 24, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of February 24, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended February 24, 2023, of the Company and our report dated April 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP April 14, 2023 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Steelcase Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Steelcase Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of February 24, 2023 and February 25, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended February 24, 2023, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February 24, 2023 and February 25, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended February 24, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of February 24, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated April 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Goodwill AMQ Reporting Unit Refer to Notes 2 and 11 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The Company used the discounted cash flow model to estimate fair value, which requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to discount rates, forecasted revenue growth rates and expected operating margins. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on either the fair value, the amount of any goodwill impairment charge, or both. The Company corroborates the results determined using the income approach with a market-based approach that uses observable comparable company information to support the appropriateness of the fair value estimates. Based on the results of the Company s annual goodwill impairment evaluation, the Company concluded that no goodwill impairment existed for the year ended February 24, 2023. The consolidated goodwill balance was 276.8 million as of February 24, 2023, of which 31.5 million was allocated to the AMQ Reporting Unit AMQ ). 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 We identified goodwill for AMQ as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management to estimate the fair value of AMQ given the sensitivity of operating changes on future cash flows for this reporting unit. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to forecasted revenue growth rates and expected operating margins and the selection of the discount rate. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to forecasted revenue growth rates, expected operating margins and the selection of the discount rate used by management to estimate the fair value of AMQ included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over the determination of the fair value of AMQ, such as controls related to forecasted revenue growth rates and expected operating margins and the selection of the discount rate. 
 We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast revenue growth rates and operating margins by comparing actual results to management s historical forecasts. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasted revenue growth rates and expected operating margins by comparing the forecasts to: 
 Historical revenues and operating margins. 
 Internal communications to management and the Board of Directors. 
 Forecasted information included in Company press releases as well as in analyst and industry reports. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) valuation methodology and (2) discount rate by: 
 Testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rate and the mathematical accuracy of the calculation. 
 Developing a range of independent estimates and performing a sensitivity analysis and comparing those to the discount rate selected by management. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Grand Rapids, Michigan April 14, 2023 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2009. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 STEELCASE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Revenue Cost of sales Restructuring costs Gross profit Operating expenses Goodwill impairment charge Restructuring costs Operating income Interest expense ) ) ) Investment income Other income, net Income before income tax expense (benefit) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 STEELCASE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in millions) 
 Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), gross: Unrealized gain (loss) on investments ) Pension and other post-retirement liability adjustments ) Derivative adjustments Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), gross ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), tax (expense) benefit: Unrealized gain (loss) on investments ) Pension and other post-retirement liability adjustments ) ) Derivative adjustments ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Total other comprehensive income (loss), tax (expense) benefit ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net: Unrealized gain (loss) on investment ) Pension and other post-retirement liability adjustments ) Derivative amortization Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 STEELCASE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except share data) 
 February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance of 6.5 and 8.0 Inventories Prepaid expenses Assets held for sale Income taxes receivable Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of 1,088.6 and 1,089.0 Company-owned life insurance ("COLI") Deferred income taxes Goodwill Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of 97.6 and 86.4 Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Right-of-use operating lease assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt Current operating lease obligations Accrued expenses: Employee compensation Employee benefit plan obligations Accrued promotions Customer deposits Other Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Long-term debt less current maturities Employee benefit plan obligations Long-term operating lease obligations Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity: Preferred stock-no par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding Class A common stock-no par value; 475,000,000 shares authorized, 92,574,308 and 87,186,800 issued and outstanding Class B common stock-no par value, convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis; 475,000,000 shares authorized, 20,414,413 and 24,922,494 issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Retained earnings Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 STEELCASE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Changes in common shares outstanding: Common shares outstanding, beginning of period Common stock issuances Common stock repurchases ) ) ) Performance and restricted stock units issued as common stock Common shares outstanding, end of period Changes in paid-in capital (1): Paid-in capital, beginning of period Common stock issuances Common stock repurchases ) ) ) Performance and restricted stock units expense Paid-in capital, end of period Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), beginning of period ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), end of period ) ) ) Changes in retained earnings: Retained earnings, beginning of period Net income Dividends paid ) ) ) Common stock repurchases ) ) Performance and restricted stock units expense (credit) ) Retained earnings, end of period Total shareholders' equity 
 (1) Shares of our Class A and Class B common stock have no par value; thus, there are no balances for common stock. 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 STEELCASE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 
 Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Goodwill impairment charge Restructuring costs Gain on sale of fixed assets ) ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Share-based compensation Equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates ) ) ) Dividends received from unconsolidated affiliates Other ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) Income taxes receivable Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Employee compensation liabilities ) ) Employee benefit obligations ) ) ) Customer deposits ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets Proceeds from COLI policies Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Other Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Dividends paid ) ) ) Common stock repurchases ) ) ) Borrowings on global committed bank facility Repayments on global committed bank facility ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period (1) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period (2) Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Income taxes paid, net of refunds received ) Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) , and as of February 25, 2022, February 26, 2021 and February 28, 2020, respectively. 
 (2) , and as of February 24, 2023, February 25, 2022 and February 26, 2021, respectively. 
 Restricted cash primarily represents funds held in escrow for potential future workers compensation and product liability claims. The restricted cash balance is included as part of Other assets o n the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 employees. We operate manufacturing and distribution center facilities in principal locations. We distribute products through various channels, including Steelcase independent and company-owned dealers in approximately locations throughout the world. We operate under the Americas and EMEA reportable segments plus an Other category. See Note 20 for additional information related to our reportable segments. 
 
 2. 
 and , or where we otherwise have significant influence, are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. All other investments in unconsolidated affiliates are accounted for under the cost method of accounting. These investments are reported as Investments in unconsolidated affiliates on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and income from equity method investments and any adjustments to cost method investments are reported in Other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 12 for additional information. 
 and , respectively, and consisted primarily of funds held in escrow for potential future workers compensation and product liability claims. Our restricted cash balance is classified in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

43 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Liabilities: Current - Accrued expenses - other 
 Long-term - Other long-term liabilities 
 Net reserve 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Liabilities: Current - Accrued expenses - other 
 Long-term - Other long-term liabilities 
 Net reserve 
 
 to for most products, subject to certain exceptions. These warranties provide for the free repair or replacement of any covered product, part or component that fails during normal use because of a defect in materials or workmanship. The accrued liability for product warranties is based on an estimated amount needed to cover product warranty costs, including product recall and retrofit costs, incurred as of the balance sheet date. 
 In 2023, we transitioned to an actuarial model for our estimated product warranty liability to capture longer-term changes in workplace trends that have impacted our claims experience. The accrued liability is estimated using actual paid claims over at least ten years, which provide a basis for expected future losses using actuarial assumptions. Historically, we used our claims experience for the trailing twelve-months and a calculated lag factor to estimate the accrued liability. The transition to an actuarial model resulted in a decrease of to our estimated warranty reserve in 2023, which was recorded to Cost of sales . 
 These estimates are subject to uncertainty due to a variety of factors, including changes in claim rates and patterns. As a result, actual costs could differ significantly from the estimated amounts. Adjustments to estimated reserves are recorded in the period in which the change in estimate occurs. 
 Adjustment related to addition of initial quality (1) Accruals related to product warranties, recalls and retrofits Reductions for settlements ) ) Adjustments related to changes in estimates ) Currency translation adjustments ) ) Balance as of end of period 
 ________________________ 
 (1) 
 and , respectively, and is included in Other long-term liabilities ts. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Long-term - Other long-term liabilities 
 2.5 2.3 Total environmental contingencies (discounted) 
 The environmental liabilities were discounted using a rate of and as of February 24, 2023 and February 25, 2022, respectively. Our undiscounted liabilities were as of February 24, 2023 and February 25, 2022. Based on our ongoing evaluation of these matters, we believe we have accrued sufficient reserves to cover the costs of all known environmental assessments and the remediation costs of all known sites. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

for 2023, for 2022 and for 2021. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

and as of February 24, 2023 and February 25, 2022, respectively. The fair value of our total debt is measured using a discounted cash flow analysis based on current market interest rates for similar types of instruments and was approximately and as of February 24, 2023 and February 25, 2022, respectively. The estimation of the fair value of our total debt is based on Level 2 fair value measurements. See Note 7 and Note 13 for additional information. 
 We may use derivative financial instruments to manage exposures to movements in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. The use of these financial instruments modifies the exposure of these risks with the intention to reduce our risk of volatility. We do not use derivatives for speculative or trading purposes. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Accrued expenses ) ) Total net fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts (1) 
 ________________________ 
 (1) as of February 24, 2023 and as of February 25, 2022. 
 Operating expenses ) Other income, net ) ) Total net gain 
 The net gains or losses recognized from foreign exchange forward instruments in Other income, net are largely offset by related foreign currency gains or losses on our intercompany loans and intercompany accounts payable. 
 
 3. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

4. 
 Seating Other (1) EMEA Desking, benching, systems and storage Seating Other (1) Other Desking, benching, systems and storage Seating Other (1) 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) 
 In the Americas segment, no industry or vertical market individually represented more than , or of the Americas segment revenue in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Reportable geographic information is as follows: 
 Reportable Geographic Revenue Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 United States Foreign locations 
 In the EMEA segment, approximately , and of revenue was from Western Europe in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. No individual country in the EMEA segment represented more than of our consolidated revenue in 2023. 
 No single customer represented more than of our consolidated revenue in 2023, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Recognition of revenue related to beginning of year customer deposits ) Customer deposits acquired (1) Customer deposits received, net of revenue recognized during the period (2) Balance as of February 24, 2023 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) 

5. 
 Impact of participating securities ) ) ) Amounts used in calculating earnings per share, excluding participating securities Earnings per share 
 Computation of Earnings Per Share Year Ended February 25, 2022 
 Net Income Basic Shares (in millions) Diluted Shares (in millions) Amounts used in calculating earnings per share Impact of participating securities ) ) ) Amounts used in calculating earnings per share, excluding participating securities Earnings per share 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Impact of participating securities ) ) ) Amounts used in calculating earnings per share, excluding participating securities Earnings per share 
 There were no anti-dilutive performance units excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for the years ended February 24, 2023, February 25, 2022 and February 26, 2021. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

6. 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) during period ) ) Balance as of February 25, 2022 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) during period ) ) ) Balance as of February 24, 2023 ) ) ) )) ) Other income, net Prior service cost (credit) ) Other income, net Income tax expense Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Derivative adjustments Interest expense Income tax benefit ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) Total reclassifications 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

7. 
 Restricted cash Foreign exchange forward contracts Auction rate security Liabilities: Foreign exchange forward contracts ) ) Contingent consideration ) ) ) ) ) Fair Value of Financial Instruments February 25, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Foreign exchange forward contracts Auction rate security Liabilities: Foreign exchange forward contracts ) ) Contingent consideration ) ) ) ) ) 
 Foreign Exchange Forward Contracts 
 We occasionally enter into forward contracts to reduce the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on foreign-denominated transactions, assets and liabilities. We primarily use derivatives for intercompany transactions (including loans) and certain forecasted currency flows from foreign-denominated transactions. The fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts is based on a valuation model that calculates the differential between the contract price and the market-based forward rate as of the balance sheet date. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

and a fair value of . The difference between par value and fair value is comprised of other-than-temporary impairment losses recorded in previous fiscal years and unrealized losses on our ARS investment of and , respectively. The unrealized losses are due to changes in interest rates and are expected to fluctuate over the contractual term of the investment. Unrealized losses are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The ARS investment is not widely traded and therefore does not currently have a readily determinable market value. To estimate fair value, we used an internally-developed discounted cash flow analysis which considers, amongst other factors: (i) the credit ratings of the ARS, (ii) the credit quality of the underlying securities or the credit rating of issuers, (iii) the estimated timing and amount of cash flows, (iv) the formula applicable to the security which defines the penalty interest rate and (v) discount rates equal to the sum of (a) the yield on U.S. Treasury securities with a term through the estimated workout date plus (b) a risk premium based on similarly rated observable securities. 
 A deterioration in market conditions or the use of different assumptions could result in a different valuation of the investment. An increase to the discount rate of 100 basis points would reduce the estimated fair value of our ARS investment by approximately . 
 Contingent Consideration 
 In connection with the acquisition of Viccarbe Habitat, S.L ("Viccarbe") in Q3 2022, up to an additional (or 13.0) is payable to the sellers based upon the achievement of certain revenue and operating income targets over a three-year period ending in 2025. This amount was considered to be contingent consideration and was treated for accounting purposes as part of the total purchase price of the acquisition. We used the Monte Carlo simulation model to calculate the fair value of the contingent consideration as of the acquisition date, which represents a Level 3 measurement. As a result, we recorded a related liability of (or 4.2). At each reporting date, we remeasure the fair value of this liability using a Monte Carlo simulation based upon revenue and operating income projections over the remaining earnout period, and changes to the fair value of the liability are recorded to Operating expenses. As of February 24, 2023, the fair value of the contingent consideration was (or 9.0). The settlement of the contingent consideration could vary from this estimate based upon actual operating performance of the business during the earnout period compared to the underlying assumptions used in the estimation of fair value, including revenue and operating income projections, and changes to discount rates. 
 Contingent consideration recorded on acquisition Balance as of February 25, 2022 Unrealized loss on investment ) Foreign currency gain ) Change in estimated fair value Balance as of February 24, 2023 

55 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

8. 
 Finished goods Revaluation to LIFO 
 The portion of inventories determined by the LIFO method aggregated to and as of February 24, 2023 and February 25, 2022, respectively. 
 
 9. 
 Machinery and equipment 3 15 Buildings and improvements 10 40 Leasehold improvements 3 15 Capitalized software 3 10 Furniture and fixtures 5 8 Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 The majority of the net book value of our property, plant and equipment relates to machinery and equipment and buildings and improvements. As of February 24, 2023 and February 25, 2022, the net book value of our machinery and equipment totaled and , respectively, and buildings and improvements totaled and , respectively. Depreciation expense on property, plant and equipment was , and for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The estimated cost to complete construction in progress was and as of February 24, 2023 and February 25, 2022, respectively. 
 . The amount is related to two corporate aircraft included in the Americas segment and expected to be sold in 2024. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

10. 
 , and in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Variable life COLI policies Can allocate across a set of choices provided by the insurance companies Fluctuates depending on performance of underlying investments 65 fixed income; 35 equity 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

11. 
 Acquisition (1) Currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) ) Balance as of February 25, 2022 Acquisition (1) (2) Goodwill on divestiture (3) ) ) Currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Reallocation of goodwill (4) Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) ) Balance as of February 24, 2023 
 ________________________ 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually in Q4, or earlier if there is a triggering event that indicates there may be a potential for impairment. See Note 2 for additional information. Based on the results of our annual impairment tests, we concluded that no goodwill impairment existed as of February 24, 2023 and February 25, 2022. 
 In Q1 2021, we determined that a triggering event occurred which resulted in an interim impairment evaluation of goodwill for each of our reporting units. During Q1 2021, the market price of our Class A Common Stock declined significantly in connection with overall stock market trends related to the global economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The reduction in revenue in Q1 2021 and changes to our forecasted revenue growth rates and expected operating margins related to the economic disruption of the COVID-19 pandemic were also factors that led to the completion of our interim impairment analysis. 
 As a result of our interim goodwill impairment analysis, we determined that the carrying value of the Orangebox U.K. reporting unit exceeded its fair value, resulting in a goodwill impairment charge in Q1 2021. Following the charge, the reporting unit had no remaining goodwill. During Q1 2021, we also tested the recoverability of the Orangebox U.K. long-lived assets (other than goodwill) and concluded that those assets were not impaired. 

58 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Trademarks (1) (2) 8.9 Know-how/designs (1) (2) 9.0 Proprietary technology 9.9 Other (2) (3) (4) 3.8 Intangible assets not subject to amortization: Trademarks and other n/a 
 ________________________ 
 (1) In 2022, we acquired Viccarbe, resulting in an increase of intangible assets in the EMEA segment. See Note 19 for additional information. 
 (2) In 2023, we acquired HALCON, resulting in an increase of intangible assets in the Americas segment. See Note 19 for additional information. 
 (3) In 2023, we sold a consolidated dealer, resulting in a decrease of intangible assets in the Americas segment. 
 (4) 
 In 2023, 2022 and 2021, no intangible asset impairment charges were recorded. We recorded amortization expense on intangible assets subject to amortization of in 2023, in 2022 and in 2021. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 
 Future events, such as acquisitions, divestitures or impairments, may cause these amounts to vary. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

12. 
 
 25 -40 25 -40 Manufacturing joint venture 49 49 IDEO 0 5 Cost method investments Dealer relationship Less than 10 Less than 10 Other Less than 10 Less than 10 Total investments in unconsolidated affiliates 
 Manufacturing joint venture IDEO and other Total equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates 
 Dealer Relationships 
 We have occasionally invested in dealers to expand or maintain our geographic presence and support our distribution network. 
 Manufacturing Joint Ventures 
 We have occasionally entered into manufacturing joint ventures to expand or maintain our geographic presence. Our only current manufacturing joint venture is Steelcase Jeraisy Company Limited, which is located in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and is engaged in the manufacturing of wood and metal office furniture systems, seating, accessories and related products for the Kingdom. 
 IDEO 
 IDEO LP is an innovation and design firm that uses a human-centered, design-based approach to generate new offerings and build new capabilities for its customers. In Q2 2023, we divested our remaining interest in IDEO. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Total non-current assets Total assets Total current liabilities Total long-term liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 Gross profit Income before income tax expense Net income 
 
 Sales to unconsolidated affiliates Amount due from unconsolidated affiliates 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

13. 
 2029 Notes payable 2024 Other committed bank facility 2024 Foreign currency obligations: Notes payable Total short-term borrowings and long-term debt Less: Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt (1) Long-term debt 
 ____________________ 
 (1) The weighted-average interest rate for short-term borrowings and the current portion of long-term debt was as of February 24, 2023 and as of February 25, 2022. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 Senior Notes 
 In 2019, we issued of unsecured unsubordinated senior notes, due in January 2029 2029 Notes ). The 2029 Notes rank equally with all of our other unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness, and they contain no financial covenants. The 2029 Notes were issued at of par value. The bond discount of and direct debt issuance costs of were deferred and are being amortized over the life of the 2029 Notes. Although the coupon rate of the 2029 Notes is , the effective interest rate is after taking into account the impact of the direct debt issuance costs, a deferred loss on an interest rate lock related to the debt issuance and the bond discount. Amortization expense related to the discount and debt issuance costs on the 2029 Notes was and in 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 We may redeem some or all of the 2029 Notes at any time. The redemption price would equal the greater of: (1) the principal amount of the notes being redeemed or (2) the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at the comparable U.S. Treasury rate plus 40 basis points; plus, in both cases, accrued and unpaid interest. If the notes are redeemed within 3 months of maturity, the redemption price would be equal to the principal amount of the notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

note payable with an original amount of at a floating interest rate based on 30-day LIBOR plus . As of February 24, 2023, the interest rate was . The loan has a term of and requires fixed monthly principal payments of on a 20-year amortization schedule with a balloon payment due in 2024. The loan is secured by our two corporate aircraft, contains no financial covenants and is not cross-defaulted to our other debt facilities. The loan matures in 2024. 
 Global Committed Bank Facility 
 We have a global committed bank facility, which expires in 2025. At our option, and subject to certain conditions, we may increase the aggregate commitment under the facility by up to by obtaining at least one commitment from one or more lenders. We can use borrowings under the facility for general corporate purposes, including friendly acquisitions. Interest on borrowings is based on the rate, as selected by us, between the following two options: 
 the applicable margin as set forth in the credit agreement, plus the greatest of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.5 , (iii) the Adjusted LIBO rate as set forth in the credit agreement for a one-month interest period plus 1 or (iv) a 0.75 floor; or 
 the Eurocurrency rate, with a floor of zero, plus the applicable margin as set forth in the credit agreement. 
 The facility requires us to satisfy two financial covenants as defined in the credit agreement: 
 A maximum net leverage ratio covenant, which is measured by the ratio of (x) indebtedness less liquidity to (y) trailing four fiscal quarter adjusted EBITDA and is required to be less than 3.5:1. In the context of certain permitted acquisitions, we have a one-time ability, subject to certain conditions, to increase the maximum ratio to 4.0:1 for four consecutive quarters. 
 A minimum interest coverage ratio covenant, which is measured by the ratio of (y) trailing four quarter adjusted EBITDA to (z) trailing four quarter interest expense and is required to be no less than 3.0:1. 
 The facility does not include any restrictions on cash dividend payments or share repurchases. 
 During 2023, we borrowed under the facility to fund a portion of our acquisition of HALCON, and we also borrowed under the facility to support our global operating requirements. As of February 24, 2023, there were no borrowings outstanding under the facility, our availability to borrow under the facility was not limited, and we were in compliance with all covenants under the facility. As of February 25, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding under the facility and we were in compliance with all covenants under the facility. 
 Other Credit Facilities 
 We have the following other bank and credit facilities as of February 24, 2023: 
 a committed bank facility of related to a subsidiary. As of February 24, 2023, was outstanding under the facility and our availability to borrow under the facility was not limited. As of February 25, 2022, we had a committed bank facility of related to a subsidiary. There was availability of under the facility based on eligible accounts receivable of the subsidiary, and was outstanding under the facility; and 
 unsecured uncommitted short-term credit facilities with various financial institutions with up to of U.S. dollar obligations and up to of foreign currency obligations available for working capital purposes as of February 24, 2023. Interest rates are variable and determined at the time of borrowing. These credit facilities have no stated expiration date but may be changed or canceled by the banks at any time. There were no borrowings on these facilities as of February 24, 2023 or February 25, 2022. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

14. 
 Post-retirement medical benefits Defined benefit pension plans Deferred compensation plans and agreements Employee benefit plan assets Long-term asset Employee benefit plan obligations Current portion Long-term portion 
 Defined Contribution Retirement Plans 
 Substantially all of our U.S. employees are eligible to participate in defined contribution retirement plans, primarily the Steelcase Inc. Retirement Plan (the Retirement Plan ). Company contributions, including discretionary profit sharing and 401(k) matching contributions, and employee 401(k) contributions fund the Retirement Plan. All contributions are made to a trust which is held for the sole benefit of participants. 
 Total expense under all defined contribution retirement plans was for 2023, for 2022 and for 2021. We expect to fund approximately related to our defined contribution plans in 2024, including funding related to our 2023 discretionary profit sharing contributions. 
 Post-Retirement Medical Benefits 
 We maintain post-retirement benefit plans that provide medical and life insurance benefits to certain North American-based retirees and eligible dependents. The plans were frozen to new participants in 2003. We accrue the cost of post-retirement benefits during the service periods of employees based on actuarial calculations for each plan. These plans are unfunded. Our investments in COLI policies are intended to be utilized as a long-term funding source for these benefit obligations. See Note 10 for additional information. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Projected benefit plan obligations Funded status ) ) ) ) Long-term asset Current liability ) ) ) ) Long-term liability ) ) ) ) Total benefit plan obligations ) ) ) ) Accumulated benefit obligation 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Plan participants contributions Currency changes ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets, end of year 
 Service cost Interest cost Amendments Net actuarial gain (1) ) ) ) ) Plan participants contributions Currency changes ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Benefit plan obligations, end of year Funded status ) ) ) ) 
 Current liability ) ) ) ) Long-term liability ) ) ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) ) ) 
 ) ) Prior service cost Total amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) pretax ) ) 
 _________________________ 

66 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Interest cost Amortization of net loss (gain) ) ) ) Amortization of prior year service cost (credit) ) Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Net expense (credit) recognized in Consolidated Statements of Income ) ) ) Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) (pre-tax): Net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) ) Prior service cost Amortization of gain (loss) ) ) ) Amortization of prior year service cost (credit) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income (loss) -- pre-tax ) ) ) 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) included in net periodic pension cost ) ) Net prior service (cost) credit during period ) ) Net actuarial gain (loss) arising during period ) Amortization of net actuarial (gain) loss included in net periodic pension cost ) ) Net actuarial gain (loss) during period ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Current period change ) Balance as of February 25, 2022 Prior service (cost) credit from plan amendment arising during period ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) included in net periodic pension cost ) Net prior service (cost) credit during period Net actuarial gain (loss) arising during period ) Amortization of net actuarial (gain) loss included in net periodic pension cost ) ) Net actuarial gain (loss) during period ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Current period change ) Balance as of February 24, 2023 
 Rate of salary progression Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost: Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Rate of salary progression 
 The measurement dates for our retiree benefit plans are consistent with our fiscal year end. Accordingly, we select discount rates to measure our benefit obligations that are consistent with market indices at the end of each year. In evaluating the expected return on plan assets, we consider the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets based on the specific allocation of assets for each plan, an analysis of current market conditions and the views of leading financial advisors and economists. 
 The assumed healthcare cost trend was for pre-age 65 retirees as of February 24, 2023, gradually declining to after eight years. As of February 25, 2022, the assumed healthcare cost trend was for pre-age 65 retirees, gradually declining to after nine years. Post-age 65 trend rates are not applicable as our plan provides a fixed subsidy for post-age 65 benefits. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Debt securities Other (1) Total 
 ________________________ 
 (1) 
 
 Buy-in contract 
 Fixed income securities - Bond funds Other investments - Property and property funds 

69 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Initial buy-in contract premium Other contributions Change in estimated fair value ) Balance as of February 24, 2023 
 We expect to contribute approximately to our pension plans and fund approximately related to our post-retirement plans in 2024. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 - 2033 
 Multi-Employer Pension Plan 
 One of our subsidiaries, SC Transport Inc., previously contributed to the Central States, Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Fund (the "Fund"), a multi-employer pension plan, based on obligations arising under a collective bargaining agreement that covered SC Transport Inc. employees and retirees. Under current law, an employer that withdraws or partially withdraws from a multi-employer pension plan may incur a withdrawal liability to the plan, which represents the portion of the plan s underfunding that is allocable to the withdrawing employer under very complex actuarial and allocation rules. 
 In 2019, the Fund asserted that SC Transport Inc.'s absence of hiring additional union employees over the past ten years constituted an adverse selection practice under the Fund and, if not remedied, would result in an assessment of a withdrawal liability. As a result of the Fund's assertion, SC Transport Inc. recorded an charge related to its estimated future obligations under a withdrawal from the Fund to be paid out in installments over a period of up to 20 years. The withdrawal liability was discounted using a rate of . The balance of the liability as of February 24, 2023 was . 
 In 2020, SC Transport Inc. withdrew from the Fund, and the Fund issued a final assessment of our withdrawal liability. We appealed the amount of the assessment by the Fund and are in arbitration proceedings. The amount that may ultimately be required to settle any potential obligation may be lower or higher than our estimated liability, which we will adjust if needed, if and when additional information becomes available. 
 Deferred Compensation Programs 
 We maintain four deferred compensation programs. The first deferred compensation program is closed to new entrants. In this program, certain employees elected to defer a portion of their compensation in return for a fixed benefit to be paid in installments beginning when the participant reaches age 70. Under the second plan, certain employees may elect to defer a portion of their compensation. The third plan is intended to restore retirement benefits that would otherwise be paid under the Retirement Plan but are precluded as a result of the limitations on eligible compensation under Internal Revenue Code Section 401(a)(17). Under the fourth plan, our non-employee directors may elect to defer all or a portion of their board retainer and committee fees. The deferred amounts in the 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 for 2023, for 2022 and for 2021. 
 
 15. 
 Class B Common Stock 
 During 2023 and 2022, million and million shares of our Class B Common Stock were converted to Class A Common Stock, respectively. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

16. 
 ) State and local Foreign ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit): Federal ) ) State and local ) ) Foreign ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) 
 ) ) Foreign 
 , as follows: 
 Income Tax Provision Reconciliation Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Tax expense at the U.S. federal statutory rate State and local income taxes, net of federal tax effect ) Foreign operations, less applicable foreign tax credits (1) Impact of the CARES Act (2) ) Contingent consideration (3) Valuation allowance provisions and adjustments (4) ) Goodwill impairment charge (5) COLI income (6) ) ) ) Impact of change to non-U.S. federal statutory tax rates (7) ) ) Officer compensation limitation Research tax credit ) ) ) Other U.S. domestic tax credits ) ) ) Stock compensation Other ) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) recognized ) ) 
 ________________________ 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) 

73 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Operating lease obligations Foreign and domestic net operating loss carryforwards Reserves and accruals Tax credit carryforwards Other, net Total deferred income tax assets Valuation allowances ) ) Net deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Right-of-use operating lease assets Property, plant and equipment Intangible assets Total deferred income tax liabilities Net deferred income taxes Net deferred income taxes is comprised of the following components: Deferred income tax assets non-current Deferred income tax liabilities non-current 
 As of February 24, 2023, the valuation allowance of related to foreign deferred tax assets. In updating our assessment of the realizability of deferred tax assets, we considered the following factors: 
 recent financial performance, including cumulative losses, 
 the predictability of future income, 
 prudent and feasible tax planning strategies that could be implemented to protect the loss of the deferred tax assets, and 
 the effect of reversing taxable temporary differences. 
 Based on our evaluation of these factors, particularly cumulative losses, we were unable to assert that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets in some of our owned dealers and sales offices in France, Australia, Morocco and Hong Kong would be realized as of February 24, 2023. During 2022, we formalized a plan to enable the utilization of certain of our excess U.S. foreign tax credits, which had previously been subject to a valuation allowance. This resulted in the reversal of the related valuation allowance by . 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Accrued expenses: Income taxes payable 
 Net Operating Loss and Tax Credit Carryforwards 
 2025-2043 No expiration Valuation allowances ) ) Net benefit 
 Future tax benefits for net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are recognized to the extent that realization of these benefits is considered more likely than not. It is considered more likely than not that a benefit of will be realized on these net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. This determination is based on the expectation that related operations will be sufficiently profitable or various tax, business and other planning strategies available to us will enable utilization of the carryforwards. We assess the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to utilize the existing deferred tax assets. Valuation allowances are recorded to the extent realization of these carryforwards is not more likely than not. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 We are subject to taxation in the U.S. and various states and foreign jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitation. Tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions include: the U.S. 2022 and 2023, Canada 2020 through 2023, France 2020 through 2023 and Germany 2015 through 2023. We adjust these reserves, as well as the related interest and penalties, in light of changing facts and circumstances. 
 We are audited by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service under the Compliance Assurance Process CAP ). Under CAP, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service works with large business taxpayers to identify and resolve issues prior to the filing of a tax return. Accordingly, we record minimal liabilities for U.S. federal uncertain tax positions. 
 We recognize interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions in income tax expense (benefit), and these amounts were not material in 2023, 2022 or 2021. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Gross decreases tax positions in prior period Currency translation adjustment ) ) Balance as of end of period 
 We have taken tax positions in a non-U.S. jurisdiction that do not meet the more likely than not test required under the uncertain tax position accounting guidance. Since the tax positions have increased net operating loss carryforwards, the underlying deferred tax asset is shown net of a liability for uncertain tax positions as of February 24, 2023. No other material amounts are recorded as a liability for uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Unrecognized tax benefits of , if favorably resolved, would be recorded as an income tax benefit. We do not expect the amount of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly change due to expiring statutes or audit activity in the next twelve months. 
 
 17. 
 shares of Class A Common Stock authorized for future issuance under the Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 A variety of awards may be granted under the Incentive Compensation Plan, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, cash-based awards, phantom shares and other share-based awards. Our Board of Directors may amend or terminate the Incentive Compensation Plan at its discretion subject to certain provisions as stipulated within the plan. 
 In the event of a "change in control", as defined in the Incentive Compensation Plan, 
 any performance-based conditions imposed on outstanding awards will be deemed to be, immediately prior to the change in control, the greater of (1) the applicable performance achieved through the date of the change in control or (2) the target level of performance; and 
 all restrictions imposed on all outstanding awards of restricted stock units and performance units will lapse if either (1) the awards are assumed by an acquirer or successor and the awardee experiences a qualifying termination during the two-year period following the change in control or (2) the awards are not assumed by an acquirer or successor. 
 Restricted stock units Total outstanding awards 
 ________________________ 
 (1) 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to shares as of February 24, 2023. The awards will be forfeited if a participant leaves the company for reasons other than retirement, disability or death or if the participant engages in any competition with us, as defined in the Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 A dividend equivalent is calculated based on the actual number of PSUs earned at the end of the performance period equal to the dividends that would have been payable on the earned PSUs had they been held during the entire performance period as Class A Common Stock. At the end of the performance period, the dividend equivalents are paid in the form of cash. 
 The expense for PSUs is determined based on the probability that the performance conditions will be met, and if applicable, the fair value of the market condition on the grant date. The PSUs are expensed and recorded in Additional paid-in capital on the Consolidated Balance Sheets over the remaining performance period. For participants who are or become retirement-eligible during the performance period, the PSUs are expensed over the period ending on the date the participant becomes retirement-eligible. 
 In 2023, 2022 and 2021, we issued PSUs to certain employees as follows: 
 PSUs to be earned over the period of 2023 through 2025 (the "2023 PSUs"), 
 PSUs to be earned over the period of 2022 through 2024 (the "2022 PSUs") and 
 PSUs to be earned over the period of 2021 through 2023 (the "2021 PSUs"). 
 These PSUs are earned based on performance conditions established annually by the Compensation Committee within the first three months of each applicable fiscal year. The PSUs are then modified based on achievement of certain total shareholder return results relative to a comparison group of companies, which is a market condition. When the performance conditions for a fiscal year are established, or if the performance conditions involve a qualitative assessment and such assessment has been made, one-third of the PSUs issued are considered granted. Therefore, each of the three fiscal years within the performance period is considered an individual tranche of the award (referred to as "Tranche 1," "Tranche 2" and "Tranche 3," respectively). 
 As of February 24, 2023, the 2023 PSUs, 2022 PSUs and 2021 PSUs were considered granted as follows: 
 In 2023, the performance conditions were established for Tranche 1 of the 2023 PSUs, Tranche 2 of the 2022 PSUs and Tranche 3 of the 2021 PSUs, and accordingly, such tranches were considered granted in 2023. 
 In 2022, the performance conditions were established for Tranche 1 of the 2022 PSUs and Tranche 2 of the 2021 PSUs, and accordingly, such tranches were considered granted in 2022. 
 In 2021, the performance conditions were established for Tranche 1 of the 2021 PSUs, and accordingly, such tranche was considered granted in 2021. 
 Based on actual results, the 2021 PSUs were earned at 54 of the target level, as modified, and 285,930 shares of Class A Common Stock were issued to participants under such awards. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

, and for the PSUs with market conditions granted in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Expected term 3 years 2 years 3 years 1 year 2 years 2 years Estimated volatility (2) 
 ________________________ 
 (1) 
 (2) 

Tax benefit 
 Granted Vested ) Nonvested as of February 24, 2023 
 As of February 24, 2023, there was of remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested PSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of years. 
 The total fair value of PSUs vested during 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. The fair value was determined based upon the closing price of shares of our Class A Common Stock on the date that the Compensation Committee certified the awards. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

restricted stock units ("RSUs") to certain employees. RSUs have restrictions on transfer which lapse one to three years after the date of grant, at which time RSUs are issued as unrestricted shares of Class A Common Stock. Typically, these awards will be forfeited if a participant leaves the company for reasons other than retirement, disability or death or if the participant engages in any competition with us, as defined in the Incentive Compensation Plan. RSUs are expensed and recorded in Additional paid-in capital on the Consolidated Balance Sheets over the requisite service period based on the value of the shares on the grant date. For participants who are or become retirement-eligible during the service period for awards that are considered retirement-eligible, the RSUs are expensed over the period ending on the date that the participant becomes retirement-eligible. 
 
 Tax benefit 
 Holders of RSUs receive cash dividends equal to the dividends we declare and pay on our Class A Common Stock, which are included in Dividends paid in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested as of February 24, 2023 
 As of February 24, 2023, there was of remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 The total fair value of RSUs vested was , and during 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair value was determined based upon the closing price of shares of our Class A Common Stock on the dates the awards vested. 
 Unrestricted Share Grants 
 Under the Incentive Compensation Plan, unrestricted shares of our Class A Common Stock may be issued to members of our Board of Directors as compensation for director s fees. We granted a total of , and unrestricted shares at a weighted average grant date fair value per share of , and during 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

18. 
 
 Sublease rental income ) ) ) 
 Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease obligations 
 As of as of February 24, 2023 and February 25, 2022, the weighted-average remaining lease terms were years and years, respectively, and the weighted-average discount rates were and , respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 _______________________________________ 

80 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

19. 
 (or 30.0) in an all-cash transaction using cash on-hand. Up to an additional (or 13.0) is payable to the sellers based upon the achievement of certain revenue and operating income targets over a three-year period. This amount was considered to be contingent consideration and was treated for accounting purposes as part of the total purchase price of the acquisition. At each reporting date, the contingent consideration liability is remeasured, and changes to the fair value are recognized in Operating expenses. As of February 24, 2023, the fair value of the contingent consideration was (or 9.0). See Note 7 for additional information. An additional amount of (or 6.0) is also payable to the sellers based upon the achievement of certain milestones and continued employment over a five-year period, which is being expensed over the service period on a straight-line basis. 
 Tangible assets and liabilities of Viccarbe were valued as of the acquisition date using a market analysis and intangible assets were valued using a discounted cash flow analysis, which represents a Level 3 measurement. On the acquisition date, we recorded related to identifiable intangible assets, related to goodwill and related to tangible assets. The tangible assets mainly consisted of working capital (primarily accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable) and property, plant and equipment. Additionally, we recorded a deferred tax liability in the amount of associated with the tax basis difference in acquired book assets. The goodwill was recorded in the EMEA segment as of the acquisition date and is not deductible for income tax purposes in Spain. The goodwill resulting from the acquisition is primarily related to the growth potential of Viccarbe and our intention to expand the manufacturing of Viccarbe products in geographic regions outside of EMEA and to offer Viccarbe products through our global distribution network. As such, we reallocated a portion of the goodwill to the Americas segment during 2023 based on the relative fair value of the Viccarbe business reported within the Americas segment as of the date of the acquisition. Intangible assets are principally related to the Viccarbe trade name, dealer relationships and internally developed know-how and designs, which will be amortized over periods ranging from 9 to 13 years from the date of acquisition. As of February 24, 2023, the purchase accounting for the Viccarbe acquisition was complete. 
 Dealer relationships Know-how and designs 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

less customer deposits of , plus an adjustment of for working capital. The acquisition was funded using a combination of cash on-hand and borrowings under our global committed bank facility. Up to an additional was payable to the sellers based upon the achievement of certain revenue and gross margin targets over a six-month period. This amount was determined to be contingent consideration and was treated for accounting purposes as part of the total purchase price of the acquisition. We used the Monte Carlo simulation model to calculate the fair value of the contingent consideration as of the acquisition date, which represents a Level 3 measurement. Based upon the results of the calculation, we did not record a liability for the contingent consideration, and we were not required to make a payment at the settlement date in 2023. An additional amount of is also payable to a seller based upon continued employment over a three-year period, which is being expensed over the service period on a straight-line basis. 
 Tangible assets and liabilities of HALCON were valued as of the acquisition date using a market analysis, and intangible assets were valued using a discounted cash flow analysis, which represents a Level 3 measurement. On the acquisition date, we recorded related to identifiable intangible assets, related to goodwill and related to tangible assets. The tangible assets mainly consisted of property, plant and equipment of , working capital (primarily inventory of and customer deposits of . The goodwill was recorded in the Americas segment and is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. The goodwill resulting from the acquisition is primarily related to the growth potential of HALCON expected to be driven by new product development, geographic expansion and the integration of HALCON products into our dealer network. Intangible assets are principally related to dealer relationships, the HALCON trade name and internally developed know-how and designs, which are being amortized over periods ranging from 9 to 10 years from the date of acquisition. We also acquired a backlog of orders which shipped throughout 2023. The purchase price allocation for the acquisition was incomplete as of February 24, 2023. The amounts recognized related to the purchase price allocation will be finalized no later than one year after the acquisition date. 
 
 Trademark Know-how and designs Backlog 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

20. 
 . 
 Gross profit Operating income (loss) ) ) ) Total assets Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization 2022 Revenue Gross profit Operating income (loss) ) ) Total assets Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization 2021 Revenue Gross profit Operating income (loss) ) ) Total assets Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Foreign locations 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment and right-of-use operating lease assets. 
 of our long-lived assets in 2023, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 salaried employees in the Americas segment and Corporate functions. We expect to incur approximately of restructuring costs in the Americas segment related to these actions, consisting of cash severance payments and other separation-related benefits. In Q4 2023, we recorded of restructuring costs in the Americas segment for actions initiated in the quarter. We expect these actions to be completed in Q1 2024. 
 In Q3 2023, our Board of Directors approved restructuring actions to reduce operational spending across certain functions in response to a decline in order volume and lower-than-expected return-to-office trends in the Americas segment. The restructuring actions included terminations of approximately salaried employees in the Americas segment and Corporate functions. In 2023, we incurred of restructuring costs related to these actions in the Americas segment, consisting of cash severance payments and other separation-related benefits. These restructuring actions are complete. 
 In Q4 2022, our Board of Directors approved restructuring actions related to the exit of our technology business in connection with our strategy to shift from offering a portfolio of technology products toward partnering with technology companies to create integrated collaborative solutions. The restructuring actions primarily included involuntary terminations of the majority of salaried employees of the business and the termination of supplier and customer contracts related to the business. We incurred in restructuring costs in the Americas segment related to these actions, primarily consisting of cash severance payments and payment of other business exit costs. In 2023, we recorded related to employee termination costs, related to business exit and other related costs and related to the impairment of a right-of-use operating lease asset which was utilized by our technology business. These restructuring actions are complete. 
 In 2021, we implemented a series of restructuring actions in response to continued order declines in the Americas compared to the prior year and economic uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The restructuring actions included early retirements and voluntary and involuntary terminations of approximately salaried employees and approximately hourly employees. We incurred in restructuring costs in the Americas segment in connection with these actions during 2021, consisting of cash severance payments and other separation-related benefits. These restructuring actions are complete. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 STEELCASE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Payments ) ) Balance as of February 25, 2022 Restructuring costs Payments ) ) ) Balance as of February 24, 2023 

22. 
 Gross profit Operating income (loss) ) Net income (loss) ) Basic earnings (loss) per share ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) 2022 Revenue Gross profit Operating income (loss) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Basic earnings (loss) per share ) ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) ) 
 Operating income (loss) and net income (loss) included restructuring costs in all quarters during 2023. See Note 21 for additional information. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure: 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures: 
 (a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of February 24, 2023. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of February 24, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in (1) recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act and (2) ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in such reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 (b) Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have included a report of management s assessment of the design and effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as part of this Report. The independent registered public accounting firm of Deloitte Touche LLP also attested to, and reported on, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Management s report and the independent registered public accounting firm s attestation report are included in this Report in Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data under the captions entitled Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 (c) Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information: 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections: 
 Not applicable. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance: 
 Certain information regarding executive officers required by this Item is set forth as a Supplementary Item at the end of Part I of this Report. Other information required by this Item is contained in Item 1: Business under the caption Available Information or will be contained in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Committees of the Board of Directors and Other Corporate Governance Matters and is incorporated into this Report by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation: 
 The information required by Item 11 will be contained in our 2023 Proxy Statement, under the captions Committees of the Board of Directors, Director Compensation, Compensation Committee Report, Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Executive Compensation, Retirement Programs and Other Arrangements and is incorporated into this Report by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters: 
 The information required by Item 12 that is not listed below will be contained in our 2023 Proxy Statement, under the caption Stock Ownership of Management and Certain Beneficial Owners, and is incorporated into this Report by reference. 
 The following table shows information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans as of February 24, 2023: 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 4,353,499 (1) n/a (2) 4,173,814 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 n/a Total 4,353,499 n/a 4,173,814 
 ________________________ 
 (1) This amount reflects the outstanding restricted stock units and the maximum number of shares that may be issued under outstanding performance units; however, the actual number of shares which may be issued will be determined based on the satisfaction of certain conditions, and therefore may be significantly lower. 
 (2) The weighted average exercise price excludes performance units and restricted stock units, as there is no exercise price associated with these awards. The only outstanding options, warrants or rights are performance units and restricted stock units. 
 All equity awards were granted under our Incentive Compensation Plan. See Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence: 
 The information required by Item 13 will be contained in our 2023 Proxy Statement, under the captions Director Independence and Related Person Transactions and is incorporated into this Report by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services: 
 The information required by Item 14 will be contained in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the caption Fees Paid to Principal Independent Auditor and is incorporated into this Report by reference. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules: 
 (a) Financial Statements and Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (Item 8) 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended February 24, 2023, February 25, 2022 and February 26, 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended February 24, 2023, February 25, 2022 and February 26, 2021 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of February 24, 2023 and February 25, 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended February 24, 2023, February 25, 2022 and February 26, 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended February 24, 2023, February 25, 2022 and February 26, 2021 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules (S-1) 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 All other schedules required by Form 10-K have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is disclosed elsewhere in this Report. 
 3. Exhibits Required by Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-K 
 Index of Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Second Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (1) 
 3.2 Amended By-laws of Steelcase Inc., as amended January 11, 2023 (2) 
 4.1 Indenture for Senior Debt Securities, dated as of August 7, 2006, between Steelcase Inc. as Issuer and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association as Trustee (3) 
 4.2 Officers' Certificate of Steelcase Inc. establishing the terms of the 5.125 Senior Notes Due 2029 (4) 
 4.3 Description of Capital Stock (5) 
 10.1 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2020 and amended December 21, 2021, among Steelcase Inc.; JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent; Bank of America, N.A., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents; HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as Documentation Agent; and certain other lenders (6) 
 10.2 Steelcase Inc. Restoration Retirement Plan (7) 
 10.3 2015-1 Amendment to the Steelcase Inc. Restoration Retirement Plan (8) 
 10.4 2016-1 Amendment to the Steelcase Inc. Restoration Retirement Plan (9) 
 10.5 2017-1 Amendment to the Steelcase Inc. Restoration Retirement Plan (10) 
 10.6 Steelcase Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (11) 
 10.7 2009-1 Amendment to the Steelcase Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (12) 
 10.8 2013-1 Amendment to the Steelcase Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (13) 
 10.9 2015-1 Amendment to the Steelcase Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (14) 
 10.10 Steelcase Inc. Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective July 10, 2012 (15) 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.11 Steelcase Inc. Executive Severance Plan (16) 
 10.12 2009-1 Amendment to the Steelcase Inc. Executive Severance Plan (17) 
 10.13 2010-1 Amendment to the Steelcase Inc. Executive Severance Plan (18) 
 10.14 2010-2 Amendment to the Steelcase Inc. Executive Severance Plan (19) 
 10.15 Steelcase Inc. Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated as of March 27, 2003 (20) 
 10.16 2006-1 Amendment to the Steelcase Inc. Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan (21) 
 10.17 2006-2 Amendment to the Steelcase Inc. Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan (22) 
 10.18 2009-1 Amendment to the Steelcase Inc. Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan (23) 
 10.19 2012-1 Amendment to the Steelcase Inc. Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan (24) 
 10.20 2015-1 Amendment to the Steelcase Inc. Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan (25) 
 10.21 Steelcase Inc. Management Incentive Plan, as amended and restated as of A pril 11, 202 3 
 10.22 Steelcase Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated as of July 14, 2021 (26) 
 10.23 Steelcase Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement (FY 2020 and 2021) (27) 
 10.24 Steelcase Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Performance Units Agreement (3-year) (FY 2021 and 2022) (28) 
 10.25 Steelcase Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement (FY 2022) (29) 
 10.26 Steelcase Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Performance Units Agreement (FY 2023) (30) 
 10.27 Steelcase Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement (Not Retirement Forfeitable) (FY 2023) (31) 
 10.28 Steelcase Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement (Retirement Forfeitable) (FY 2023) (32) 
 10.29 Steelcase Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Performance Units Agreement (FY 2024) 
 10.30 Steelcase Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement (FY 2024) 
 10.31 Summary of Steelcase Benefit Plan for Outside Directors, as updated January 15, 2020 (33) 
 10.32 Summary of Compensation for the Board of Directors of Steelcase Inc., as updated August 28, 2020 (34) 
 10.33 Retention Award Agreement between Steelcase Inc. and David C. Sylvester, dated April 15, 2021 (35) 
 10.34 Voluntary Mutual Separation Agreement between Steelcase Inc. and James N. Ludwig, dated September 28, 2021 (36) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 
 31.1 Certification of CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of CEO and CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ________________ 
 Schedules (or similar attachments) have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 (1) Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on July 15, 2011 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (2) Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on January 13, 2023 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (3) Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on August 7, 2006 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (4) Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on January 18, 2019 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (5) Filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2020, as filed with the Commission on April 27, 2020 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (6) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 25, 2022, as filed with the Commission on April 15, 2022 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (7) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 28, 2008, as filed with the Commission on January 7, 2009 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (8) Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on January 16, 2015 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (9) Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 28, 2015, as filed with the Commission on September 29, 2015 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (10) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 25, 2017, as filed with the Commission on September 20, 2017 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (11) Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 28, 2008, as filed with the Commission on January 7, 2009 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (12) Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 28, 2008, as filed with the Commission on January 7, 2009 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (13) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 24, 2012, as filed with the Commission on October 1, 2012 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (14) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 28, 2014, as filed with the Commission on December 23, 2014 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (15) Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 24, 2012, as filed with the Commission on October 1, 2012 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (16) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on February 9, 2007 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (17) Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 29, 2008, as filed with the Commission on October 7, 2008 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (18) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 28, 2009, as filed with the Commission on October 5, 2009 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 (19) Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 27, 2009, as filed with the Commission on January 5, 2010 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (20) Filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2003, as filed with the Commission on May 16, 2003 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (21) Filed as Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 25, 2005, as filed with the Commission on May 6, 2005 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (22) Filed as Exhibit 10.01 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 27, 2005, as filed with the Commission on July 1, 2005 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (23) Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 29, 2008, as filed with the Commission on October 7, 2008 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (24) Filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 24, 2012, as filed with the Commission on April 23, 2012 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (25) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on January 16, 2015 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (26) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on July 16, 2021 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (27) Filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 22, 2019, as filed with the Commission on April 12, 2019 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (28) Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on May 7, 2020 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (29) Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 26, 2021, as filed with the Commission on December 20, 2021 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (30) Filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 25, 2022, as filed with the Commission on April 15, 2022 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (31) Filed as Exhibit 10.28 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 25, 2022, as filed with the Commission on April 15, 2022 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (32) Filed as Exhibit 10.29 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 25, 2022, as filed with the Commission on April 15, 2022 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (33) Filed as Exhibit 10.31 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2020, as filed with the Commission on April 27, 2020 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (34) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 28, 2020, as filed with the Commission on September 25, 2020 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (35) Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on April 19, 2021 (commission file number 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (36) Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 27, 2022, as filed with the Commission on June 24, 2022 (commission File 001-13873), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 See Item 15(a)(3) above. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted as a separate section of this Report. See Item 15(a)(2) above. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary: 
 None. 
 
 Additions: Charged to costs and expenses Deductions (1) ) ) ) Other adjustments (2) ) ) Balance as of end of period 
 ________________________ 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 Reserve for Excess and Obsolete Inventory Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Balance as of beginning of period Additions: Charged to costs and expenses Deductions (1) ) ) ) Other adjustments (2) ) Balance as of end of period 
 ________________________ 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 Valuation Allowance for Deferred Income Tax Assets Year Ended February 24, 2023 February 25, 2022 February 26, 2021 Balance as of beginning of period Additions: Charged to costs and expenses ) Deductions and expirations Other adjustments (1) ) ) Balance as of end of period 
 ________________________ 
 (1) 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 STEELCASE INC. By: /s/ DAVID C. SYLVESTER 
 David C. Sylvester Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date: April 14, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Signature Title Date /s/ S ARA E. A RMBRUSTER 
 President and Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) April 14, 2023 Sara E. Armbruster /s/ D AVID C. S YLVESTER 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) April 14, 2023 David C. Sylvester /s/ N ICOLE C. M C G RATH 
 Vice President, Corporate Controller Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) April 14, 2023 Nicole C. McGrath /s/ T IMOTHY C. E. B ROWN 
 Director April 14, 2023 Timothy C. E. Brown /s/ C ONNIE K. D UCKWORTH 
 Director April 14, 2023 Connie K. Duckworth /s/ S ANJAY G UPTA 
 Director April 14, 2023 Sanjay Gupta /s/ T ODD P. K ELSEY 
 Director April 14, 2023 Todd P. Kelsey /s/ J ENNIFER C. N IEMANN 
 Director April 14, 2023 Jennifer C. Niemann /s/ R OBERT C. P EW III 
 Chair of the Board of Directors, Director April 14, 2023 Robert C. Pew III /s/ C ATHY D. R OSS 
 Director April 14, 2023 Cathy D. Ross /s/ C ATHERINE C. B. S CHMELTER 
 Director April 14, 2023 Catherine C. B. Schmelter /s/ P ETER M. W EGE II 
 Director April 14, 2023 Peter M. Wege II /s/ L INDA K. W ILLIAMS 
 Director April 14, 2023 Linda K. Williams /s/ K ATE P EW W OLTERS 
 Director April 14, 2023 Kate Pew Wolters 
 S-1 

<EX-10.21>
 2
 scs-02242023xex1021.htm
 EX-10.21

Document 
 Exhibit 10.21 

STEELCASE INC. 

MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PLAN 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

AS OF APRIL 11, 2023 

1 

Exhibit 10.21 

STEELCASE INC. MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Page 
 PREAMBLE 
 1 
 SECTION 1 ESTABLISHMENT OF PLAN 
 1 
 1.1 Plan Document 
 1 
 1.2 Effective Date 
 1 1.3 Incentive Compensation Plan 
 1 SECTION 2 DEFINITIONS 
 1 2.1 Affiliate 
 2 
 2.2 Beneficial Owner or Beneficial Ownership 
 2 2.3 Beneficiary 
 2 2.4 Board of Directors 
 2 2.5 Change in Control 
 2 2.6 Code 
 4 
 2.7 Committee 
 4 2.8 Company 
 4 2.9 Director 
 4 2.10 Employee 
 4 2.11 Exchange Act 
 4 2.12 Fiscal Year 
 4 2.13 Initial Holder 
 4 2.14 Normal Retirement Date 
 4 
 2.15 Participant 
 4 2.16 Performance Measures 
 5 2.17 Permitted Transferee 
 5 
 2.18 Permitted Trust 
 6 2.19 Permitted Trustee 
 6 2.20 Person 
 6 2.21 Plan Year 
 6 2.22 Retirement 
 6 2.23 Surviving Spouse 
 6 2.24 Total Disability 
 6 
 SECTION 3 ADMINISTRATION OF PLAN 
 7 3.1 Administration of Plan by Committee 
 7 3.2 Responsibility Indemnification 
 7 SECTION 4 ELIGIBILITY 
 7 
 4.1 Participation 
 7 
 4.2 Continuing Participation 
 8 SECTION 5 MEASUREMENT OF COMPANY PERFORMANCE 
 8 5.1 Performance 
 8 5.2 Determination of Performance 
 8 5.3 Performance Measures and or Growth Target 
 8 
 
 2 

Exhibit 10.21 

 5.4 Leverage Factor 
 9 5.5 Adjustments 
 9 SECTION 6 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION TARGETS 
 9 6.1 Target Incentive Compensation 
 9 6.2 Annual Percentages 
 9 6.3 Maximum Award 
 9 SECTION 7 DETERMINATION AND PAYMENT OF INCENTIVE AMOUNTS 
 10 7.1 Timing of Determination 
 10 7.2 Determination of Incentive Compensation 
 10 7.3 Payment of Annual Incentive Amount 
 10 7.4 Partial Year Participation, Employment Changes and Forfeitures 
 11 7.5 Reports 
 12 
 SECTION 8 CHANGE IN CONTROL 
 12 
 SECTION 9 COMMITTEE DISCRETION 
 12 
 SECTION 10 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 13 10.1 Amendment 
 13 10.2 Termination 
 13 SECTION 11 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 13 
 11.1 Benefits Not Guaranteed 
 13 11.2 Clawback 
 13 11.3 No Right to Participate 
 14 11.4 No Employment Right 
 14 
 11.5 No Assignment or Transfer 
 14 11.6 Withholding and Payroll Taxes 
 14 11.7 Incompetent Payee 
 14 11.8 Section 409A 
 14 11.9 Governing Law 
 15 11.10 Construction 
 15 
 SECTION 12 EXECUTION 
 16 

3 

Exhibit 10.21 

STEELCASE INC. 
 
 MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 PREAMBLE 
 
 This STEELCASE INC. MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PLAN Plan is a program for measuring financial performance in terms of certain performance measures and providing eligible Employees with incentive compensation based upon the performance measure results. The objective of the Plan is to encourage initiative, resourcefulness, teamwork, motivation, and efficiency on the part of all Employees that will result in financial success for both the shareholders and the Employees of the Company. The Plan provides annual incentive compensation for eligible Employees who are in a position to make substantial contributions toward achievement of the financial performance goals established pursuant to the Plan. 
 SECTION 1 
 ESTABLISHMENT OF PLAN 
 
 1.1 Plan Document 
 This instrument, as amended from time to time, constitutes the governing document of the Plan. 
 1.2 Effective Date 
 The initial effective date of the Plan was June 27, 1994 and was amended and restated as of March 1, 2002, February 24, 2007, February 24, 2012 and February 25, 2017. The Plan as hereby further amended and restated is effective as of April 11, 2023, with respect to any incentive award established on or after such date. 
 1.3 Incentive Compensation Plan 
 The Plan is an annual compensation program for eligible Employees. Because the Plan does not provide welfare benefits and does not provide for the deferral of compensation to termination of employment, it is established with the intent and understanding that it is not an employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 SECTION 2 DEFINITIONS 
 The following terms shall have the definition stated, unless the context requires a different meaning 
 1 

Exhibit 10.21 

 2.1 Affiliate 
 Affiliate shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations of the Exchange Act. 
 2.2 Beneficial Owner or Beneficial Ownership 
 Beneficial Owner or Beneficial Ownership shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Rule 13d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations of the Exchange Act. 
 2.3 Beneficiary 
 Beneficiary means the individual, trust, or other entity designated by the Participant to receive any incentive compensation payable with respect to the Participant under the Plan after the Participant s death. A Participant may designate or change a Beneficiary by filing a signed designation with the Committee in a form approved by the Committee. A Participant s will is not effective for this purpose. 
 If a designation has not been completed properly and filed with the Committee or is ineffective for any other reason, the Beneficiary shall be the Participant s Surviving Spouse. If there is no effective designation and the Participant does not have a Surviving Spouse, the remaining benefits, if any, shall be paid to the Participant s estate. 
 2.4 Board of Directors 
 Board or Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 2.5 Change in Control 
 Change in Control of the Company shall be deemed to have occurred if the event set forth in any one of the following paragraphs shall have occurred 
 a. any Person (other than any Initial Holder or Permitted Transferee) (i) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing thirty percent (30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities, excluding any Person who becomes such a Beneficial Owner in connection with a transaction described in clause (i) of paragraph (c) below, and (ii) the combined voting power of the securities of the Company that are Beneficially Owned by such Person exceeds the combined voting power of the securities of the Company that are Beneficially Owned by all Initial Holders and Permitted Transferees at the time of such acquisition by such Person or at any time thereafter or 
 b. the following individuals cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the number of Directors then serving individuals who, on the date hereof, constitute the Board and any new Director (other than a Director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest, including but not limited to a consent solicitation, relating to the election of Directors of the Company) whose appointment or election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders was approved or recommended by a vote of at least two- 
 2 

Exhibit 10.21 

 thirds (2 3) of the Directors then still in office who either were Directors on the date hereof or whose appointment, election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended or 
 c. there is consummated a merger or consolidation of the Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company with or involving any other corporation, other than (i) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or any parent thereto), at least fifty-five percent (55 of the combined voting power of the securities of the Company or such surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (ii) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person (other than an Initial Holder or Permitted Transferee) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities Beneficially Owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates) representing thirty percent (30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities or 
 d. the shareholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or there is consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to an entity, at least fifty-five percent (55 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such sale. 
 
 However, in no event shall a Change in Control be deemed to have occurred, with respect to a Participant, if the Participant is part of a purchasing group which consummates the Change in Control transaction. A Participant shall be deemed part of a purchasing group for purposes of the preceding sentence if the Participant is an equity participant in the purchasing company or group (except for (i) passive ownership of less than three percent (3 of the stock of the purchasing company or (ii) ownership of equity participant in the purchasing company or group which is otherwise not significant, as determined prior to the Change in Control by a majority of the non-employee continuing Directors). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record holders of the common stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership, directly or indirectly, in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately following such transaction or series of transactions. 
 
 3 

Exhibit 10.21 

 2.6 Code 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 2.7 Committee 
 Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 2.8 Company 
 Company means Steelcase Inc., including all consolidated subsidiaries, unconsolidated or consolidated partnerships and joint ventures of Steelcase Inc. and in the case of determining whether a Change in Control has occurred, the Company shall mean Steelcase Inc. 
 2.9 Director 
 Director means any individual who is a member of the Board provided, however, that any Director who is employed by the Company or any Affiliate shall be considered an Employee under this Plan and, except for purposes of the definition of Change in Control under this Plan, shall not be considered a Director. 
 2.10 Employee 
 Employee means any individual in the employ of the Company. Independent contractors, leased employees, and self-employed individuals are not included. 
 2.11 Exchange Act 
 Exchange Act means the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, or any successor act thereto. 
 2.12 Fiscal Year 
 Fiscal Year means the financial reporting and taxable year of Steelcase Inc. 
 2.13 Initial Holder 
 Initial Holder shall have the meaning set forth in the Second Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company. 
 2.14 Normal Retirement Date 
 Normal Retirement Date means the date the Participant attains age 65, or if earlier, the date the sum of the Participant s age and years of continuous service equals or exceeds 80. 
 2.15 Participant 
 Participant means an Employee designated to participate in this Plan for a Plan Year pursuant to Section 4. 
 4 

Exhibit 10.21 

 2.16 Performance Measures 
 Performance Measures mean one or more of the following 
 a. earnings per share 
 b. net income (before or after taxes) 
 c. return measures (including, but not limited to, assets, equity, sales, investment, return on invested capital ROIC or internal rate of return) 
 d. cash flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow, free cash flow, cash flow return on investment (discounted or otherwise), or cumulative cash flow per share) 
 e. earnings before or after taxes (including, but not limited to, earnings before all or any interest, taxes, depreciation and or amortization EBIT , EBITA , EBITDA )) 
 f. gross revenues or sales 
 g. operating profit (including, but not limited to, net operating profit after taxes NOPAT )) 
 h. margins (including, but not limited to, gross margin, operating margin or pre-tax profit margin) 
 i. operating expenses 
 j. operating income OI 
 k. working capital 
 l. share price (including, but not limited to, growth measures, total shareholder return TSR and relative total shareholder return) 
 m. economic value added EVA 
 n. dividend payments 
 o. implementation or completion of critical projects or processes 
 p. strategic business criteria, consisting of one or more objectives based on meeting specified market share, market penetration, product launch, inventory goals, geographic business expansion, customer satisfaction, employee satisfaction, human resources management, supervision of litigation, information technology, and goals relating to acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and similar transactions, productivity ratios, expense targets or cost reduction goals, and budget comparisons 
 q. personal professional objectives, including any of the foregoing performance goals, the implementation of policies and plans, the negotiation of transactions, the development of long-term business goals, management succession plans, formation of joint ventures, research or development collaborations, and the completion of other corporate transactions 
 r. environmental, social and governance (ESG) objectives and 
 s. any combination of, or a specified increase or decrease in, any of the foregoing. 
 
 2.17 Permitted Transferee 
 Permitted Transferee shall have the meaning set forth in the Second Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company and include a Permitted Trustee solely in its capacity as a trustee of a Permitted Trust. 
 5 

Exhibit 10.21 

 2.18 Permitted Trust 
 Permitted Trust shall have the meaning set forth in the Second Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company. 
 2.19 Permitted Trustee 
 Permitted Trustee shall have the meaning set forth in the Second Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company. 
 2.20 Person 
 Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, including a group as defined in Section 13(d) thereof, except that such term shall not include (i) the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (iv) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 
 2.21 Plan Year 
 Plan Year means the Fiscal Year of the Company as in effect as of the date hereof, or such other twelve month period as the Committee shall establish. 
 2.22 Retirement 
 Retirement means termination of employment on or after the Participant s Normal Retirement Date. 
 2.23 Surviving Spouse 
 Surviving Spouse means the husband or wife of the Participant at the time of the Participant s death who survives the Participant. If the Participant and spouse die under circumstances that make the order of their deaths uncertain, it shall be presumed for purposes of this Plan that the Participant survived the spouse. 
 2.24 Total Disability 
 Total Disability or Disability means that, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve months, the individual is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity or is receiving income replacement benefits under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company for a period of not less than three months. The determination of Total Disability shall be made by the Committee through procedures established for that purpose and on the basis of reasonable medical examinations. The cost of any medical examination shall be an expense of administration of the Plan. 
 6 

Exhibit 10.21 

 SECTION 3 ADMINISTRATION OF PLAN 
 
 3.1 Administration of Plan by Committee 
 The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee shall have full discretionary authority in the operation and administration of the Plan. The Committee shall act by vote or consent of a majority of its members. To the extent necessary or appropriate, the Committee will adopt rules, policies, and forms for the administration, interpretation, and implementation of the Plan. The Committee may delegate administrative authority and responsibility from time to time to and among other committees approved by the Committee and individual Employees of the Company, but all actions taken pursuant to delegated authority and responsibility shall be subject to review and change by the Committee. All decisions, determinations, and interpretations of the Plan by the Committee shall be final and binding on all parties. 
 A member of the Committee or individual or group to whom authority is delegated shall not participate in and shall not be counted as a member, individual or group with respect to any action of the Committee directly affecting only that member, individual or group. 
 3.2 Responsibility Indemnification 
 A member of the Committee or any other individual or group to whom authority is delegated shall not be personally responsible or liable for any act or omission in connection with performance of powers or duties or the exercise of discretion or judgment in the administration and implementation of the Plan. The Company shall hold harmless and indemnify each member of the Committee, and any other individual or group exercising delegated authority or responsibility with respect to the Plan, from any and all liabilities and costs arising from any act or omission related to the performance of duties or the exercise of discretion and judgment with respect to the Plan. 
 SECTION 4 ELIGIBILITY 
 4.1 Participation 
 An Employee who does not directly report to the chief executive officer of the Company (the CEO ), shall be a Participant in the Plan for a Plan Year upon designation as a Participant for that year by the CEO or the Committee. When deemed appropriate by the CEO or the Committee, the CEO or the Committee may designate an effective date for the commencement of participation by an Employee who does not directly report to the CEO that is subsequent to the first day of the Plan Year. 
 An Employee who directly reports to the CEO shall be a Participant in the Plan for a Plan Year upon designation as a Participant for that year by the Committee. When deemed appropriate by the Committee, the Committee may designate an effective date for the commencement of participation by an Employee who directly reports to the CEO that is subsequent to the first day of the Plan Year. 
 7 

Exhibit 10.21 

 Designated Participants shall be notified in writing and provided a written summary and explanation of the Plan. 
 4.2 Continuing Participation 
 Designation as a Participant for a Plan Year will continue in effect for each succeeding Plan Year until participation is terminated by the CEO or the Committee. The CEO or the Committee may terminate participation by an Employee at any time with or without cause. 
 SECTION 5 MEASUREMENT OF COMPANY PERFORMANCE 
 5.1 Performance 
 For purposes of the Plan, financial performance of the Company or any subdivision of the Company shall be measured by one or more Performance Measures. In general, the Plan shall be administered so that the incentive compensation provided to a Participant under the Plan for each Plan Year is based on absolute performance with respect to the Performance Measures, improved performance relative to prior performance with respect to the Performance Measures or a combination of these criteria. 
 5.2 Determination of Performance 
 The Performance Measures shall be determined for each Plan Year by the Committee. The Performance Measures generally shall be determined by application of accounting principles consistently applied from year to year. Nevertheless, the Committee shall have full authority and discretion to modify the accounting principles and components applied in the determination of the Performance Measures from time to time as the Committee deems necessary or appropriate. 
 For most Participants, the Performance Measures and the performance of the Performance Measures shall be determined with respect to the Company s Performance Measures and the performance of the Company s Performance Measures. Nevertheless, the Committee may determine that the Performance Measures and the performance of the Performance Measures applicable to one or more Participants for a Plan Year shall be determined with respect to a business unit comprising less than all of Steelcase Inc., or may be based upon a weighted average of the separate Performance Measures or performance of the Performance Measures of more than one business unit chosen by the Committee from among Steelcase Inc. and subsidiaries, divisions, and other subdivisions of Steelcase Inc. If weighted averaging is applied, the Committee will determine the weighting percentages applicable for each relevant classification of Participants for the Plan Year, and the percentages will be published at the time of publication of the performance targets and the target incentive percentages of the Performance Measures. 
 5.3 Performance Measures and or Growth Target 
 The Performance Measures and or the growth performance targets of the Performance Measures for each Plan Year shall be determined by the Committee and published to Participants. 
 8 

Exhibit 10.21 

 5.4 Leverage Factor 
 Leverage factors also shall be determined by the Committee and announced to Participants for each Plan Year. The leverage factors are (i) the amount of the performance above or below growth performance targets with respect to the Performance Measures for the Plan Year that will cause each Participant s incentive compensation for the Plan Year to be double the Participant s target incentive compensation for the Plan Year, if positive, or to be zero for the Plan Year, if negative and (ii) the absolute leverage factor. The leverage factors for a Plan Year may be the same or different. 
 5.5 Adjustments 
 Adjustments to the Performance Measures and the Performance Measure targets may be made when deemed appropriate by the Committee pursuant to Section 9. Nevertheless, the Committee shall make appropriate adjustments to the Performance Measures and the Performance Measure targets to reflect the impact of the following unusual or infrequently occurring items not reflected in such goals (a) any profit or loss attributable to acquisitions or dispositions of stock or assets, (b) any changes in accounting standards that may be required or permitted by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or adopted by the Company after the goal is established, (c) all items of gain, loss or expense for the year related to restructuring charges for the Company, (d) all items of gain, loss or expense for the year determined to be unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence or related to the disposal of a segment of a business and (e) all items of gain, loss or expense for the year related to discontinued operations that do not qualify as a segment of a business as defined in APB Opinion No. 30 and S.F.AS No. 144. 
 SECTION 6 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION TARGETS 
 6.1 Target Incentive Compensation 
 The target annual compensation for each Participant for each Plan Year shall be an amount that is a percentage of the Participant s base pay for the Plan Year. 
 6.2 Annual Percentages 
 Annual target incentive compensation percentages shall be determined for each Participant for each Plan Year. The annual target incentive compensation percentages shall be determined by the Committee and published to Participants for the Plan Year. 
 6.3 Maximum Award 
 The maximum amount that may be paid to any Employee as annual incentive compensation with respect to any Plan Year shall be 4 million. 
 9 

Exhibit 10.21 

 SECTION 7 DETERMINATION AND PAYMENT OF INCENTIVE AMOUNTS 
 7.1 Timing of Determination 
 The Performance Measures and the performance of the Performance Measures, including any necessary or appropriate adjustments required or permitted hereunder, shall be determined as soon as administratively feasible following the availability of final financial results for the Plan Year. 
 7.2 Determination of Incentive Compensation 
 Under rules established by the Committee, the incentive compensation for each Participant for each Plan Year shall be calculated by the following steps 
 a. Bonus Multiple. The bonus multiple shall be calculated based on (i) the actual level of performance of the Performance Measures and (ii) growth of the Performance Measures for a Plan Year. The Committee shall determine the relative weight of each component to derive the bonus multiple. 
 b. Incentive Compensation. Annual incentive compensation for each Participant for the Plan Year shall be the result obtained by multiplying the Participant s individual target annual incentive percentage for the Plan Year by the applicable bonus multiple for the Plan Year and then multiplying the resulting percentage by the Participant s base pay for the Plan Year to determine the dollar amount of the Participant s incentive compensation. If a Participant s base pay changes during a Plan Year, proportionate annual incentive compensation shall be calculated, under the rules established by the Committee, for each period of the Plan Year that each level of base pay was in effect. The proportionate incentive compensation for each level of base pay shall be calculated by annualizing that level of base pay, multiplying by the applicable annual target incentive percentage for that level of base pay and the bonus multiple, and then multiplying the resulting amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the Plan Year that the level of base pay was in effect and the denominator of which is the number of days in the Plan Year. 
 c. Maximum. Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to Section 6.3, the Committee may determine the maximum amount of annual incentive compensation for each Participant in a Plan Year. 
 7.3 Payment of Annual Incentive Amount 
 The dollar amount of the annual incentive compensation for a Plan Year shall be paid to the Participant as soon as feasible following the completion of the incentive compensation calculations for the Plan Year provided, that payment shall be made no later than 2 1 2 months following the end of the calendar year in which such Plan Year ends. 
 10 

Exhibit 10.21 

 7.4 Partial Year Participation, Employment Changes and Forfeitures 
 a. Partial Year Participation. If an Employee is designated to become a Participant in a Plan Year as of a date other than the first day of the Plan Year, the Participant s incentive award compensation for the Plan Year shall be determined, under rules established and maintained by the Committee for this purpose from time to time, on the basis of the Participant s time of participation during the Plan Year. 
 b. Employment Changes. Target incentive percentages and incentive awards for a Participant for a Plan Year will be prorated under rules established and maintained by the Committee for this purpose from time to time, in the event of any change in compensation or employment status or location, or any other change that would affect the determination for the Plan Year, in proportion to the duration of each applicable factor during the Plan Year. 
 c. Retirement, Death or Disability. If a Participant s employment terminates during a Plan Year by reason of Retirement, death or Total Disability, the Participant s incentive compensation dollar amount for the Plan Year, if any, shall be prorated, under rules established and maintained by the Committee for such purpose, based on the Participant s time of active employment as a Participant during the Plan Year. The annual compensation payment shall be paid to the Participant or the Participant s beneficiary at the time the annual incentive compensation payments are made under the Plan. 
 d. Other Termination of Employment. Except as otherwise provided in this subsection (d) or pursuant to subsection (e), upon termination of a Participant s employment during a Plan Year for any reason other than Retirement, death, or Total Disability, the Participant shall not be entitled to the payment of incentive compensation for the Plan Year. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Committee shall have full discretion to determine that payment of a prorated annual incentive compensation award may be made when termination of the Participant s employment results from job elimination, reduction in work force or other similar company initiative, or is encouraged or induced by incentives offered by the Company provided, that such actions would not cause any payment to result in deferred compensation that is subject to the additional tax under Section 409A of the Code. 
 e. Competition. A Participant shall not be entitled to the payment of incentive compensation for the Plan Year in the event the Participant directly or indirectly engages in Competition with Steelcase Inc. Competition means directly or indirectly engaging in competition with the Company or any subdivision, subsidiary, or affiliate of the Company (collectively, the Company Group at any time during employment with the Company Group or during the one (1) year period following termination of employment with the Company Group, without prior approval of the Committee. A Plan Participant engages in competition if that person participates directly or indirectly in the manufacture, design or distribution of any products of the same type as those of the Company Group, including, but not limited to, office furniture, office systems, architectural products, or technology products and offerings, or the providing of any related services or offerings, for or on behalf of any person or entity other than the Company and its authorized dealers, at any location within or without the 
 11 

Exhibit 10.21 

 United States of America. It is intended that this definition shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. If any part of this definition shall be construed to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, then such definition shall be construed in a manner so as to permit its enforceability to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 f. Committee Discretion. Pursuant to the powers conferred in Section 9, the Committee may make other rules and exceptions applicable to participation and employment changes. 
 7.5 Reports 
 From time to time during each Plan Year and as of the end of each Plan Year, the Committee shall provide to each Participant information concerning current and cumulative performance of the Performance Measures. 
 SECTION 8 
 CHANGE IN CONTROL 
 
 Upon a Change in Control, the Participant s incentive compensation dollar amount for the Plan Year, if any, shall be based on the greater of (a) the amount earned as determined using the applicable performance of the Performance Measure achieved through the date of the Change in Control, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion or (b) the amount earned as determined using the target level of performance the Performance Measure, and in either case, shall be prorated based on the Participant s time of active employment as a Participant during the Plan Year through the date of the Change in Control. The prorated bonus shall be paid as a single lump sum payment to the Participant as soon as reasonably practicable following the date of the Change in Control, but in no event later than 30 days following the date of the Change in Control. 
 Payments made under this Section 8 shall be made only to the extent that actions taken under this Section 8 would not cause any payment to result in deferred compensation that is subject to the additional tax under Section 409A of the Code. 
 SECTION 9 COMMITTEE DISCRETION 
 The Committee shall exercise all of its power and duties as the Committee deems appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion. All decisions of the Committee shall be final and binding on all Participants and their respective heirs and representatives. In the event it is determined, in the judgment and discretion of the Committee, that any factor applicable in the ultimate determination of incentive compensation under the Plan for a Plan Year is not appropriate with respect to one or more Participants due to unusual events, unforeseen circumstances, or other factors deemed material and relevant, the applicable factor or the amount of the resulting incentive compensation may be adjusted or modified in any manner deemed appropriate by the Committee. 
 12 

Exhibit 10.21 

 SECTION 10 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 10.1 Amendment 
 The Plan may be amended in any manner at any time by action of the Board of Directors or the Committee. 
 10.2 Termination 
 The Plan may be suspended at any time by action of the Committee, pending the next meeting of the Board of Directors of Steelcase Inc. Any suspension may be approved and ratified and the Plan may be terminated at any time by action of the Board of Directors. 
 SECTION 11 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 11.1 Benefits Not Guaranteed 
 Neither the establishment and maintenance of the Plan nor participation in the Plan shall provide any guarantee or other assurance that incentive compensation will be payable under the Plan. The success of Steelcase Inc. and its subdivisions and affiliates, as determined hereunder, and adjusted as provided herein, and application of the administrative rules and determinations by the Committee shall determine the extent to which Participants are entitled to receive incentive compensation payments and credits hereunder. 
 11.2 Clawback 
 If the Company s financial results are materially restated, the Committee may review the circumstances surrounding the restatement and determine whether and which Participants will be required to forfeit the right to receive any future payments under Section 7 of the Plan and or repay any prior payments determined by the Committee to have been inappropriately received by the Participant. If the Company s financial results are restated due to fraud, any Participant who the Committee determines participated in or is responsible for the fraud causing the need for the restatement forfeits the right to receive any future payments under Section 7 of the Plan and must repay any amounts paid in excess of the amounts that would have been paid based on the restated financial results. Any repayments required under this Section 11.2 must be made by the Participant within ten (10) days following written demand from the Company. This paragraph applies only to Participants in the Plan who also participate in the Steelcase Inc. Executive Severance Plan. 
 In addition to the prior paragraph, all incentive compensation granted under the Plan and any other applicable compensation the Participant receives, has received or may become entitled to receive from the Company will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company's securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable law. In addition, the Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an award notification as the Board determines necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of cash or other property upon the occurrence of an 
 13 

Exhibit 10.21 

 event constituting cause . No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to resign for good reason or constructive termination (or similar term) under any plan or agreement with the Company. 
 11.3 No Right to Participate 
 Nothing in this Plan shall be deemed or interpreted to provide a Participant or any non-participating Employee with any contractual right to participate in or receive benefits of the Plan. No designation of an Employee as a Participant for all or any part of a Plan Year shall create a right to incentive compensation or other benefits of the Plan for any other Plan Year. 
 11.4 No Employment Right 
 Participation in this Plan shall not be construed as constituting a commitment, guarantee, agreement, or understanding of any kind that the Company or any subdivision of the Company will continue to employ an individual, and this Plan shall not be construed or applied as any type of employment contract or obligation. Nothing herein shall abridge or diminish the rights of the Company or the employing subdivision of the Company to determine the terms and conditions of employment of any Participant or other employee or to terminate the employment of any Participant or other Employee with or without cause at any time. 
 11.5 No Assignment or Transfer 
 Neither a participant nor any beneficiary or other representative of a Participant shall have any right to assign, transfer, attach, or hypothecate any incentive compensation amount or credit, potential payment, or right to future payments of any incentive compensation amount or credit, or any other benefit provided under this Plan. Payment of any amount due or to become due under this Plan shall not be subject to the claims of creditors of the Participant or to execution by attachment or garnishment or any other legal or equitable proceeding or process. 
 11.6 Withholding and Payroll Taxes 
 The Company shall deduct from any payment made under this Plan all amounts required by federal, state, and local tax laws to be withheld and shall subject any payments made under the Plan to all applicable payroll taxes and assessments. 
 11.7 Incompetent Payee 
 If the Committee determined that a person entitled to a payment hereunder is incompetent, it may cause benefits to be paid to another person for the use or benefit of the Participant or the Participant s beneficiary at the time or times otherwise payable hereunder, in total discharge of the Plan s obligations to the Participant or beneficiary. 
 11.8 Section 409A 
 The intent of the parties is that payments under this Plan comply with Section 409A of the Code, to the extent subject thereto, and accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Plan shall be interpreted and administered to be in compliance therewith. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, a Participant shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of this Plan unless the Participant would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Each amount to be paid under this Plan shall be 
 14 

Exhibit 10.21 

 construed as a separate identified payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, and any payments described in this Plan that are due within the short term deferral period as defined in Section 409A of the Code shall not be treated as deferred compensation unless applicable law requires otherwise. Without limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code, amounts that would otherwise be payable pursuant to this Plan during the six-month period immediately following a Participant s separation from service shall instead be paid on the first business day after the date that is six months following the Participant s separation from service (or death, if earlier). The Plan may be amended in any respect deemed by the Board or the Committee to be necessary in order to preserve compliance with Section 409A of the Code. 
 11.9 Governing Law 
 The provisions of the Plan shall be construed and governed under the laws of the State of Michigan. 
 11.10 Construction 
 The singular includes the plural, and the plural includes the singular, and terms connoting gender include both the masculine and feminine, unless the context clearly indicates the contrary. Capitalized terms, except those at the beginning of a sentence or part of a heading, have the meaning defined in the Plan. 
 
 15 

Exhibit 10.21 

 EXECUTION 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Steelcase Inc. has caused this Plan, captioned Steelcase Inc. Management Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective as of April 11 , 2023, to be executed by its duly authorized officer this 11th day of April, 2023. 
 STEELCASE INC. 

By __ s Donna K. Flynn__________________ 
 Donna K. Flynn 
 
 Its Vice President, Global Talent Management __ 
 
 16 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.29>
 3
 scs-02242023xex1029.htm
 EX-10.29

Document 
 Exhibit 10.29 

 THIS DOCUMENT CONSTITUTES PART OF A PROSPECTUS COVERING SECURITIES THAT HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. 
 
 ###DATE### 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL TO ###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 You have been granted Performance Units (this Award under the Steelcase Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ). Each Performance Unit provides for the issuance of one (1) share of Class A common stock Share in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement. 
 This Award Agreement provides additional information regarding your rights under the Plan and this Award. A copy of the Plan, the U.S. prospectus for the Plan and the local country tax supplement to the U.S. prospectus for the Plan (to the extent you are employed outside of the United States) has been provided or otherwise made available to you. If there is any inconsistency between this Award Agreement and the Plan, the Plan controls. Capitalized terms used in this Award Agreement are defined in the Plan or defined hereunder. For purposes of this Award Agreement, Employer shall mean the Company or any Affiliate that employs you on the applicable date (to the extent that you are not directly employed by the Company). 
 Overview of this Award 
 1. Type of Award Performance Units, as permitted under Article 11 of the Plan. 
 2. Target Number of Performance Units Granted under this Award (the Target Award ###PSUs### 
 3. Grant Date ###PSU GRANT DATE### 
 4. Performance Period The Performance Period for the Target Award is for a period of three fiscal years beginning on the first day of the Company s ###Current### fiscal year and ending on the last day of the Company s ###Third### fiscal year. Each fiscal year during the Performance Period represents a Performance Year in the following manner 
 First Performance Year is the first day of the Company s ###Current### fiscal year and ending on the last day of the Company s ###Current### fiscal year 
 Second Performance Year is the first day of the Company s ###Second### fiscal year and ending on the last day of the Company s ###Second### fiscal year and 
 Third Performance Year is the first day of the Company s ###Third### fiscal year and ending on the last day of the Company s ###Third### fiscal year. 
 5. Performance Measures In respect of each Performance Year, the Committee shall determine the applicable performance measure(s) as outlined in Article 15 of the Plan for purposes of the Target Award during the first three months of each Performance Year. For purposes of the First Performance Year, the performance measure(s) together with the weighting(s), the target level(s) and the performance scale(s) (if applicable) are set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto. Upon the completion of each Performance Year, the Committee shall calculate the level of attainment of the performance measure(s) in respect of each such Performance Year (the Performance Year Attainment ). The average of the Performance Year Attainments for the First Performance Year, the Second Performance Year and the Third Performance Year (the Average may be increased or decreased based on Relative TSR (as determined in section 6 below). 
 6. Number of Performance Units Earned Except as may otherwise be provided in this Award Agreement, after completion of the Performance Period, the number of Performance Units earned shall be determined by multiplying (i) the Target Award, (ii) the Average, and (iii) the Relative TSR Percentage . The Relative TSR Percentage will be determined by comparing the Company s Total Shareholder Return TSR against the TSR of each company in the peer group Relative TSR in accordance with the following schedule 
 TBD 
 For purposes of the foregoing, interpolation shall be used in the event the Company s percentile rank does not fall directly within one of the Relative TSR percentiles listed above 
 Each earned Performance Unit will be released following the date on which the Committee certifies the Company s attainment of the Relative TSR Percentage (the Vesting Date ). Upon the release of your earned Performance Units, the Company will issue you one (1) Share for each earned Performance Unit as soon as practicable following the close of the applicable Performance Period, but in no event more than 60 days following the last day of the Performance Period. Notwithstanding any provision under this Award Agreement and in 
 _______ 
 Initial 
 ###AWARD REF### 

###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 ###DATE### 
 Page 2 

accordance with the terms of the Plan, your maximum aggregate payout (determined as of the last day of the Performance Period) will be equal to ###maximum### of the Target Award. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle your earned Performance Units in the form of Shares but require you to sell such Shares immediately or within a specified period of time following your termination of employment (in which case you hereby expressly authorize the Company to issue sales instructions to any brokerage firm and or third party administrator engaged by the Company on your behalf). 
 7. Voting Rights, Dividend Rights and Dividend Equivalents 
 A. No Voting Rights or Dividend Rights . You are not the owner of record of the Shares underlying your Performance Units until the Vesting Date. As such, you will have no voting rights or dividend rights on such Shares until the Vesting Date. 
 B. Cash Dividend-Equivalents . You will receive a cash payment equal to any cash dividends that the Company declares and pays with respect to the Shares underlying any earned Performance Units granted under this Award. For purposes of the foregoing, cash dividend-equivalents will be valued as of the date(s) on which the dividend(s) were declared during the Performance Period, and the Company shall pay such cash dividend-equivalents as soon as practicable following the close of the Performance Period, but in no event more than 60 days following the last day of the Performance Period. 
 C. Stock Dividend-Equivalents . You will receive additional Shares equal to any stock dividends that the Company declares and pays with respect to the Shares underlying any earned Performance Units granted under this Award. For purposes of the foregoing, stock dividend-equivalents will be valued at the Fair Market Value of the stock dividend measured at the close of the Performance Period and will be governed by Article 20 of the Plan, and the Company shall pay such stock dividend-equivalents as soon as practicable following the close of the Performance Period, but in no event more than 60 days following the last day of the Performance Period. 
 8. Death, Disability or Retirement during the Performance Period 
 A. Death or Disability . If you die or become Disabled while an Employee after six (6) months from the Grant Date during the Performance Period, the Target Award will be deemed earned and the corresponding number of Shares vested according to the following schedule. 
 If death or Disability occurs after six (6) months from the Grant Date through the last day of the First Performance Year, one-third of the Target Award will immediately be earned and the corresponding Shares vested. 
 If death or Disability occurs during the Second Performance Year, two-thirds of the Target Award will immediately be earned and the corresponding Shares vested. 
 If death or Disability occurs during the Third Performance Year, all of the Target Award will immediately be earned and the corresponding Shares vested. 
 
 The Shares will be paid as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event later than 60 days following the date the Target Award is earned and corresponding Shares vest. Any remaining unearned Performance Units will be forfeited. 
 
 For purposes of the foregoing, Disability or become Disabled means that, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, you are unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity or are receiving income replacement benefits under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company and its Affiliates for a period of not less than three (3) months. 
 
 B. Retirement Eligible . In the event you become Retirement Eligible during the Performance Period, you will be treated as continuing in employment for purposes of earning and vesting in this Performance Unit Award and will be paid in accordance with section 6 of this Award Agreement. Retirement Eligible means your age plus years of continuous service with the Company and its Affiliates total 80 or more and Retirement means you are Retirement Eligible and your employment is terminated for any reason, other than (i) for Cause, (ii) due to death or Disability, or (iii) in accordance with section 10 of this Award Agreement. 
 9. Forfeiture of Awards 
 A. All unearned Performance Units will be forfeited upon a termination of your employment during the Performance Period for any reason, except as set forth in sections 8 and 10 of this Award Agreement. 
 
 __________ 
 Initial 
 ###AWARD REF### 

###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 ###DATE### 
 Page 3 

B. If you engage in any Competition (as defined in the Plan and determined by the Administrative Committee in its discretion) you will immediately and permanently forfeit the right to receive payment from this Award, including any vested portion of this Award. You must return to the Company any gain resulting from this Award at any time within the twelve-month period preceding the date you engaged in Competition with the Company. For purposes of the foregoing, you expressly and explicitly authorize the Company to issue instructions on your behalf, to any brokerage firm or third party service provider engaged by the Company to hold your Shares and other amounts acquired under the Plan to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such Shares and or other amounts to the Company. 
 C. For purposes of the Performance Units, your employment or service relationship will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company, its Affiliates or your Employer (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of the your employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement or determined by the Company, your right to vest in the Performance Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., your period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any). For purposes of the foregoing, the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of your Performance Unit grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
 10. Change in Control Upon a Change in Control, this Award shall be treated in accordance with Article 19 of the Plan. 
 11. Transferability Performance Units may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 12. Reserved . 
 13. Tax Withholding Regardless of any action the Company or your Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or your Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and your Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Performance Units, including the grant of Performance Units, the vesting of Performance Units, the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends or dividend equivalents and (b) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Performance Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and or your Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. Prior to the delivery of Shares upon the vesting of your Performance Units, if your country of residence (and or the country of employment, if different) requires withholding of Tax-Related Items, the Company shall withhold a sufficient number of whole Shares otherwise issuable upon the vesting of the Performance Units that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the Shares or such amount that will not cause adverse accounting consequences for the Company and is permitted under applicable withholding rules promulgated by the Internal Revenue Service or another governmental entity. The cash equivalent of the Shares withheld will be used to settle the obligation to withhold the Tax-Related Items. In the event that withholding in Shares is prohibited or problematic under applicable law or otherwise may trigger adverse consequences to the Company or your Employer, your Employer may withhold the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the Shares in cash from your regular salary and or wages or any other amounts payable to you. 
 If you relocate to another jurisdiction during the lifetime of your Performance Units, you will be responsible for notifying the Company of such relocation and shall be responsible for compliance with all applicable tax requirements. By accepting this grant of Performance Units, you expressly consent to the withholding of Shares and or withholding from your regular salary and or wages or other amounts payable to you as provided for hereunder. All other Tax-Related Items related to the Performance Units and any Shares delivered in payment thereof are your sole responsibility. 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company and or your Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case 
 
 __________ 
 Initial 
 ###AWARD REF### 

###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 ###DATE### 
 Page 4 

you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the equivalent amount in Shares. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you shall be deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Performance Unit, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 You agree to pay to the Company or your Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or your Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 14. Administration This Award Agreement and your rights hereunder are subject to all the terms and conditions of the Plan, as the same may be amended from time to time, as well as to such rules and regulations as the Committee may adopt for administration of the Plan. It is expressly understood that the Committee or its designee is authorized to administer, construe, and make all determinations necessary or appropriate to the administration of the Plan and this Award Agreement, as it determines in its sole discretion, all of which will be binding upon you. 
 15. Amendment This Award Agreement may be amended or modified by the Committee as long as the amendment or modification does not materially adversely affect this Award. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Plan or in this Award Agreement, to the extent that the Company determines that the Performance Units are subject to Section 409A of the Code and fail to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, the Company reserves the right to amend, restructure, terminate or replace the Performance Units in order to cause the Performance Units to either not be subject to Section 409A of the Code or to comply with the applicable provisions of such section. 
 16. Section 409A of the Code 
 A. The Performance Units are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. The Plan and this Award Agreement shall be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent. If the Company determines that this Award Agreement is subject to Section 409A of the Code and that it does not comply with or is inconsistent with the applicable requirements, the Company may, in its sole discretion, and without your consent, amend this Award Agreement to cause it to comply with Section 409A of the Code or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code. 
 B. Notwithstanding any provision of this Award Agreement to the contrary, in the event that any settlement or payment of the Performance Units occurs as a result of your termination of employment and the Company determines that you are a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) subject to Section 409A of the Code at the time of your termination of employment, and provided further that such payment or settlement does not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Section 409A of the Code, then no such settlement or payment shall be paid to you until the date that is the earlier to occur of (i) your death, or (ii) six (6) months and one (1) day following your termination of employment. Any portion of the Performance Units where settlement is delayed as a result of the foregoing, which is (i) in whole or in part, settled in cash and (ii) based on the value of a Share, shall be based on the value of a Share at the time the Performance Units otherwise would have been settled or paid without application of the delay described in the foregoing sentence. If the Performance Units do not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Section 409A of the Code, the terms Retirement, terminate, termination, termination of employment, and variations thereof as used in this Award Agreement are intended to mean a separation from service as such term is defined under Section 409A of the Code. 
 C. Although this Award Agreement and the payments provided hereunder are intended to be exempt from or to otherwise comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, the Company does not represent or warrant that this Award Agreement or the payments provided hereunder will comply with Section 409A of the Code or any other provisions of federal, state, local, or non-U.S. law. Neither the Company, its Subsidiaries, your Employer or their respective directors, officers, employees or advisers shall be liable to you (or any other individual claiming a benefit through you) for any tax, interest, or penalties you may owe as a result of compensation paid under this Award Agreement, and the Company, its Affiliates and your Employer shall have no obligation to indemnify or otherwise protect you from the obligation to pay any taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. 
 17. No Guarantee of Employment Nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan is intended to constitute or create a contract of employment with the Company, any of its Affiliates or your Employer. Moreover, neither this Award Agreement nor the Plan shall confer upon you any right to continuation of employment with the Company or your Employer, nor shall this Award Agreement or Plan interfere in any way with the Company s right or your Employer s right to terminate your employment at any time. Furthermore, neither this Award Agreement nor the 
 
 __________ 
 Initial 
 ###AWARD REF### 

###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 ###DATE### 
 Page 5 

Plan is part of your employment contract with the Company or your Employer, if any. The Plan and any awards granted thereunder are managed at the discretion of the Company and or the Committee. The terms and conditions of future awards, if any, will be determined by the Company and or the Committee if and when such new awards are to be made. 
 18. Commercial Relationship To the extent you are not directly employed by the Company, you expressly recognize that your participation in the Plan and the Company s grant of the Performance Units does not create an employment relationship between you and the Company. You have been granted the Performance Units as a consequence of the commercial relationship between the Company and your Employer, and your Employer is your sole employer. Based on the foregoing, (a) you expressly recognize the Plan and the benefits you may derive from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between you and your Employer, (b) the Plan and the benefits you may derive from participation in the Plan are not part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by your Employer, and (c) any modifications or amendments of the Plan by the Company, or a termination of the Plan by the Company, shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your employment with your Employer. 
 19. Acknowledgment of Nature of Plan and Performance Units In accepting the Performance Units and any Shares, you acknowledge that 
 A. The Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, as provided in the Plan and this Award Agreement 
 B. The grant of Performance Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Performance Units, or benefits in lieu of Performance Units even if Performance Units have been awarded repeatedly in the past 
 C. All decisions with respect to future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 D. The Performance Units and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income and value of the same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 E. The terms and conditions of future awards, if any, will be determined by the Company and will be reviewed and communicated to you if and when new grants are to be made 
 F. Your participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 G. The value of the Performance Units is an extraordinary item of compensation that is outside the scope of your employment contract, if any 
 H. The Performance Units and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income and value of the same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or wages salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculation of any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, holiday pay, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or payments or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services to the Company, its Affiliates or your Employer 
 I. The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 J. If you receive Shares, the value of such Shares acquired may increase or decrease in value 
 K. Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Performance Units and the benefits evidenced by this Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Performance Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares 
 L. Unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Performance Units and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income and value of the same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service you may provide as a director of any Subsidiary 
 
 __________ 
 Initial 
 ###AWARD REF### 

###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 ###DATE### 
 Page 6 

M. Neither the Company, its Affiliates or your Employer shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Performance Units or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the vesting of the Performance Units or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon vesting and 
 N. In consideration of the grant of the Performance Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the Performance Units or diminution in value of the Performance Units or Shares acquired under the Performance Units resulting from termination of your service with the Company and its Affiliates (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and you irrevocably release the Company and its Affiliates from any such claim that may arise if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by agreeing to this Award Agreement, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your entitlement to pursue such claim. 
 20. Personal Data Activities The Company is located at 901 44th St. SE in Grand Rapids, Michigan, United States of America, and grants Performance Units to employees of the Company and its Affiliates in its sole discretion. In conjunction with the Company s grant of the Performance Units and its ongoing administration of such awards, the Company is providing the following information about its data collection, processing and transfer practices. In accepting the grant of the Performance Units, you expressly and explicitly consent to the personal data activities as described herein. 
 a. Data Collection, Processing and Usage . The Company and your Employer collect, process and use your personal data, including your name, home address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, citizenship, job title, details of all Performance Units or any other equity and cash compensation awards granted, canceled, exercised, vested, or outstanding in your favor, which the Company receives from you or your Employer. In granting the Performance Units, the Company will collect your personal data for purposes of implementing, administering and managing your Performance Units. The Company s legal basis for the collection, processing and usage of your personal data is your consent. 
 b. Stock Plan Administration Service Provider . The Company may transfer your personal data to Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, an independent service provider based in the United States of America, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Performance Units (the Stock Plan Administrator ). In the future, the Company may select a different Stock Plan Administrator and share your personal data with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Stock Plan Administrator will open an account for you to receive and trade Shares acquired under the Plan and you will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the Stock Plan Administrator, which is a condition to your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 c. International Data Transfers . The Company and the Stock Plan Administrator are based in the United States of America. You should note that your country of residence may have enacted data privacy laws that are different from the United States of America. The Company s legal basis for the transfer of your personal data to the United States of America is your consent. 
 d. Voluntariness and Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal . Your grant of consent to the personal data activities described herein is purely voluntary. You may deny or withdraw your consent at any time. If you do not consent, or if you later withdraw your consent, you may be unable to receive Performance Units. This would not affect your existing employment or salary instead, you merely may forfeit the opportunities associated with the grant of Performance Units. 
 e. Data Subjects Rights . You may have a number of rights under the data privacy laws in your country of residence. For example, your rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of personal data processes of the Company, (ii) request rectification of incorrect data, (iii) request deletion of data, (iv) place restrictions on processing, (v) lodge complaints with competent authorities in your country of residence, and or (vi) request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of your personal data. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, you can contact Privacy Steelcase.com. 
 21. Electronic Delivery The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Performance Units and participation in the Plan (or future Performance Units that may be granted under the Plan) by electronic means, or request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line 
 
 __________ 
 Initial 
 ###AWARD REF### 

###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 ###DATE### 
 Page 7 

or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 22. Private Offering The grant of the Performance Units is not intended to be a public offering of securities in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filing with the local securities authorities (unless otherwise required under local law). 
 23. Addendum Notwithstanding any provisions of this Award Agreement to the contrary, the Performance Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for your country of residence (and country of employment, if different) set forth in the addendum to this Award Agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in the Addendum to this Award Agreement at the time of transfer, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Performance Units and the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). In all circumstances, any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Award Agreement. 
 24. Additional Terms and Conditions The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Performance Units, any Shares acquired pursuant to the Performance Units and your participation in the Plan to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Performance Units and the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring you to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 25. Severability The provisions of this Award Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 26. Age Discrimination Rules If you are resident and or employed in a country that is a member of the European Union or the European Economic Area, the grant of the Performance Units and this Award Agreement are intended to comply with the age discrimination provisions of the EU Equal Treatment Framework Directive, as implemented into local law (the Age Discrimination Rules ). To the extent that a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Award Agreement, the Addendum or the Plan are invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under the Age Discrimination Rules, the Company, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to revise or strike such provision to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted under local law. 
 27. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws By participating in the Plan, you acknowledge that, depending on your or your broker s country of residence or where the Shares are listed, you may be subject to insider trading and or market abuse laws, which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., Performance Units) or rights linked to the value of Shares (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company as defined by the laws or regulations in your country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed inside information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. You should keep in mind third parties includes fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company s insider trading policy. You understand that you personally are responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable restrictions and should consult your personal legal advisor for additional information. 
 28. Clawback If the Company's financial results are materially restated, you acknowledge and agree that the Performance Units, any Shares acquired pursuant thereto and or any amount received with respect to any sale of such Shares shall be treated in accordance with Article 22 of the Plan. Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that this Award (and any compensation paid or Shares issued under this Award) and any other applicable compensation you receive, have received or may become entitled to receive from the Company are subject to recoupment in accordance with The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law, in each case, whether implemented before, on or after the Grant Date. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to resign for good reason or constructive termination (or similar term) under any plan or agreement with the Company. For purposes of the foregoing you expressly and explicitly authorize the Company to issue instructions, on your behalf, to any brokerage firm and or third party administrator engaged by the Company to 
 
 __________ 
 Initial 
 ###AWARD REF### 

###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 ###DATE### 
 Page 8 

hold your Shares and other amounts acquired under the Plan to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such Shares and or other amounts to the Company upon the enforcement of this Section 28. 
 29. Governing Law This Award Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Michigan without regard to any choice of law rules thereof which might apply the laws of any other jurisdiction. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of Michigan and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Kent County, Michigan, or the federal courts for the Western District of Michigan, and no other courts, where this grant is made and or to be performed. 
 30. English Language If you are resident outside of the United States, you acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that this Award Agreement, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Performance Units be drawn up in English. If you have received this Award Agreement, the Plan or any other documents related to the Performance Units translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 31. Compliance with Laws As a condition to the grant of this Award, you agree to repatriate all payments attributable to the Shares and or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends, dividend equivalents and any proceeds derived from the sale of the Shares acquired pursuant to the Performance Units) if required by and in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). In addition, you also agree to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company, your Employer and the Company s Affiliates, as may be required to allow the Company, your Employer and the Company s Affiliates to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Finally, you agree to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with your personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 
 32. Entire Agreement This Award Agreement, the Plan, the Addendum and the rules and procedures adopted by the Committee contain all of the provisions applicable to the Performance Units and no other statements, documents or practices may modify, waive or alter such provisions unless expressly set forth in writing, signed by an authorized officer of the Company and delivered to you. The various provisions of this Award Agreement, the Addendum, the Plan, and the rules and procedures adopted by the Committee are severable, and if any provision thereof is held to be unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, then such unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof. 
 
 __________ 
 Initial 
 ###AWARD REF### 

###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 ###DATE### 
 Page 9 

If you have any questions regarding the Target Award or this Award Agreement, or would like a copy of the Plan, please contact John Hagenbush, Vice President, Compensation and Benefits, at (616) 246-9532. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 Sara E. Armbruster 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Steelcase Inc. 
 
 Please acknowledge your agreement to participate in the Plan and this Award Agreement, and to abide by all of the governing terms and provisions by signing the following representation. Your signed representation must be returned by ###Return Date### to 
 Steelcase Inc. 
 Compensation Department (GBC-3C) 
 PO Box 1967 
 Grand Rapids, MI 49501-1967 
 
 Agreement to Participate and to Personal Data Activities 
 
 By signing a copy of this Award Agreement and returning it, I acknowledge that I have read the Plan, and that I fully understand all of my rights under the Plan, as well as all of the terms and conditions that may limit my rights under this Award Agreement and that I agree with and consent to the personal data activities as specified in Section 20 of this Award Agreement. 
 
 Date _______________________________________ 

Signature ______________________________________ 
 ###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 ###EMPLOYEE ID### 

__________ 
 Initial 
 ###AWARD REF### 

###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 ###DATE### 
 Page 10 

EXHIBIT A - PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
 
 TBD 
 
 __________ 
 Initial 
 ###AWARD REF### 

###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 ###DATE### 
 Page 11 

ADDENDUM TO THE STEELCASE INC. PERFORMANCE UNIT AGREEMENT 
 In addition to the terms and conditions set forth in the Award Agreement, the Award is subject to the following terms and conditions (this Addendum ). All defined terms contained in this Addendum shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan or defined hereunder. The information contained in this Addendum is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of March 2023. If you are employed in a country identified in this Addendum, the additional terms and conditions for such country shall apply. If you transfer residence and or employment to a country identified in this Addendum, the additional terms and conditions for such country shall apply to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable to comply with local law, rules and regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of Performance Units and the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). 
 EUROPEAN UNION EU EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA EEA 
 
 Personal Data Activities If you reside and or are employed in the EU EEA, the following provisions replace section 20 of the Award Agreement 
 
 The Company is located at 901 44th St. SE in Grand Rapids, Michigan, United States of America, and grants Performance Units to employees of the Company and its Affiliates in its sole discretion. In conjunction with the Company's grant of the Performance Units under the Plan and its ongoing administration of such award, the Company is providing the following information about its data collection, processing and transfer practices, which you should carefully review. 
 
 (a) Data Collection, Processing and Usage . Pursuant to applicable data protection laws, you are hereby notified that the Company and your Employer will collect, process and use certain personal information about you, specifically, your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Performance Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company's legal basis for the collection, processing and use of your Data is your consent. Your Data also may be disclosed to certain securities or other regulatory authorities where the Company s securities are listed or traded or regulatory filings are made. The Company's legal basis for such disclosure of your Data is to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 (b) Stock Plan Administrator . The Company transfers your Data to Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, an independent service provider based in the United States of America, and engaged by the Company to assist with the implementation, administration and management of awards granted under the Plan (the Stock Plan Administrator ). In the future, the Company may select a different Stock Plan Administrator and share your Data with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Stock Plan Administrator will open an account for you to receive and trade Shares acquired under the Plan. You will be asked to agree to separate terms and data processing practices with the Stock Plan Administrator, which is a condition of your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Company and the Stock Plan Administrator are based in the United States of America. You should note that your country of residence may have enacted data privacy laws that are different from the United States of America. The Company's legal basis for the transfer of your Data to the United States of America is to satisfy its contractual obligations under the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Company s legitimate interests in administering your Award and operating the Plan. 

__________ 
 Initial 
 ###AWARD REF### 

###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 ###DATE### 
 Page 12 

(d) Data Retention . You understand that your Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your Award and participation in the Plan. When the Company no longer needs the Data, the Company will remove it from its systems. If the Company retains your Data longer, it would be to satisfy the Company's legal or regulatory obligations and the Company's legal basis would be for compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 (e) Data Subject Rights . You understand that you may have the right under applicable law to (i) access or copy your Data that the Company possesses, (ii) rectify incorrect Data concerning you, (iii) delete your Data, (iv) restrict processing of your Data, and or (v) lodge complaints with the competent supervisory authorities in your country of residence. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, you understand that you can contact Privacy Steelcase.com . 
 CANADA 
 1. Settlement in Shares Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Award Agreement, this Addendum or the Plan, the Performance Units shall be settled only in Shares (and shall not be settled in cash). 
 2. Termination of Employment This provision replaces the second paragraph of section 5(e) of the Award Agreement 
 For purposes of this Award Agreement, your employment or service will be considered terminated as of the earlier of (a) the date you terminate employment or (b) the date you receive written notice of termination of employment from the Employer, regardless of any period during which notice, pay in lieu of such notice or related payments or damages are required to be provided under local law (including, but not limited to statutory law, regulatory law and or common law). For greater certainty, you will not earn or be entitled to any pro-rated vesting for that portion of time before the date on which your right to vest terminates, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, your right to vest in the Performance Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of your minimum statutory notice period, but you will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of your statutory notice period, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 3. Consent to Collection Processing Transfer of Personal Data The following provision shall supplement section 20 of the Award Agreement You authorize the Company and the Company's representative to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or non-professional, involved in the administration of the Plan. You further authorize the Company, any Affiliate of the Company, and the Employer, any broker or any stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company from time to time to assist with the Plan, to disclose and discuss your participation in the Plan with their advisors. You also authorize the Company and the Employer to record such information and to keep such information in your employment file. You acknowledge and agree that your personal information, including any sensitive personal information, may be transferred or disclosed outside the province of Quebec, including to the U.S. If applicable, you also acknowledge and authorize the Company, any Affiliate of the Company, the administrator of the Plan and any third party brokers administrators that are assisting the Company with the operation and administration of the Plan to use technology for profiling purposes and to make automated decisions that may have an impact on you or the administration of the Plan. 
 4. French Language Documents (Quebec) A French translation of the Award Agreement, this Addendum, the Plan and certain other documents related to the Award will be made available to you as soon as reasonably practicable following your written request. You understand that, from time to time, additional information related to the Award may be provided in English and such information may not be immediately available in French. However, upon written request, the Company will provide a translation of such information into French as soon as reasonably practicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Award Agreement, and unless you indicate otherwise, the French translation of this document and certain other documents related to the Award will govern your Award and your participation in the Plan. Documents en fran ais (Qu bec) Une traduction fran aise du Contrat d'Attribution, de la pr sente Annexe, du Plan et de certains autres documents relatifs l Attribution sera mise votre disposition d s que cela sera raisonnablement possible la suite de votre demande crite. Vous comprenez que, de temps autre, des informations suppl mentaires relatives l'Attribution pourraient tre fournies en anglais et que ces informations pourraient ne pas tre imm diatement disponibles en fran ais. Toutefois, sur demande, la Soci t fournira une traduction de ces informations en fran ais d s que cela sera raisonnablement possible. Nonobstant toute disposition contraire du Contrat d'Attribution, et sauf indication contraire de votre 
 
 __________ 
 Initial 
 ###AWARD REF### 

###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 ###DATE### 
 Page 13 

part, la traduction fran aise du pr sent document et de certains autres documents relatifs l'attribution r gira votre attribution et votre participation au Plan. 
 5. Securities Law Notice You are permitted to sell Shares acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any, provided the sale of the Shares takes place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares are listed i.e. , the New York Stock Exchange). 
 FRANCE 
 1. Performance Units Not Tax-Qualified The Performance Units are not intended to be French tax-qualified. 
 2. English Language The parties to the Award Agreement acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Award Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Les parties au Contrat d'Attribution reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais du Contrat d'Attribution, ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et proc dures judiciaires intent es, en vertu du Contrat d'Attribution ou se rapportant directement ou indirectement au Contrat d'Attribution. 
 GERMANY 
 None. 
 HONG KONG 
 1. Lapse of Restrictions If, for any reason, Shares are issued to you within six (6) months of the Grant Date, you agree that you will not sell or otherwise dispose of any such Shares prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 2. IMPORTANT NOTICE - WARNING The Performance Units and the Shares subject to the Performance Units do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The contents of the Award Agreement, this Addendum, the Plan, and all other materials pertaining to the Performance Units and or the Plan have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable companies and securities legislation in Hong Kong, and have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. The Award Agreement, this Addendum, the Plan, and all other materials are intended only for your personal use and not for distribution to any other persons. You are hereby advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer thereunder. If you have any doubts about any of the contents of the aforesaid materials, you should obtain independent professional advice. 
 3. Wages The Performance Units and Shares subject to the Performance Units do not form part of your wages for the purposes of calculating any statutory or contractual payments under Hong Kong law. 
 4. Nature of the Plan The Company specifically intends that the Plan will not be treated as an occupational retirement scheme for purposes of the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance ORSO ). To the extent any court, tribunal or legal regulatory body in Hong Kong determines that the Plan constitutes an occupational retirement scheme for the purposes of ORSO, the grant of the Performance Units shall be null and void. 

__________ 
 Initial 
 ###AWARD REF### 

###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 ###DATE### 
 Page 14 

MASSACHUSETTS (UNITED STATES) 
 Forfeiture of Awards Notwithstanding anything in Sections 2.12 or 18.4 of the Plan or in this Award Agreement to the contrary, the following provision supplements section 10 of the Award Agreement. 
 With respect to conduct you engage in following the termination of your employment with Employer, the definition of Competition and your covenant not to engage in Competition shall be limited to providing services, directly or indirectly, either individually, or in partnership, jointly or in conjunction with any other Person, in any state or geographic region in which you had a material presence or influence on behalf of the Company or its Affiliates during the two (2)-year period preceding your termination of employment, of the type you provided to the Company and its Affiliates at any time during the two (2)-year period preceding the date of termination of your employment. 
 In the event that you engage in Competition following the date either (i) you resign from employment with Employer or (ii) Employer terminates your employment with Employer for cause as defined under Massachusetts law, as applicable to the Massachusetts Noncompetition Agreement Act (such cause the Non-Compete Cause ), and on a date that falls on or between the Vesting Date and the first (1 st anniversary of the Vesting Date, Section 10(b)(ii) of this Award Agreement will not apply to you unless the Company, on or within five (5) business days following the date of your resignation or termination set forth in either clause (i) or (ii) above, elects to enforce the covenant not to engage in Competition set forth above for a period of time not to exceed one (1) year following such date of resignation or termination (such period, the Non-Compete Restricted Period ). 
 In addition, nothwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, neither the covenant not to engage in Competition nor section 10(b)(i) of this Award Agreement shall be enforceable following a termination of your employment by Employer without Non-Compete Cause. 
 You represent that the grant of this Award constitutes fair and reasonable consideration for the covenant not to engage in Competition set forth above. In the event the Company elects to enforce the covenant not to engage in Competition above, the Company shall pay you, upon commencement of the Non-Compete Restricted Period through the expiration of the Non-Compete Restricted Period, an amount equal to 50 of your highest annualized base salary within the two (2)-year period preceding the date of your resignation from employment with or termination of employment by Employer (the Non-Compete Payment ). The Non-Compete Payment shall be payable in equal installments in accordance with Employer s payroll practices as in effect on your last day of employment, beginning on the first payroll date thereafter. In the event that you breach any of your obligations not to engage in Competition, the Company s obligations to provide the Non-Compete Payment shall thereupon immediately cease, and the Company shall be entitled, in addition to any remedies available at law or in equity, to recover from you, in addition to the return of Shares and the forfeiture of Restricted Stock Units outlined in section 10(b)(ii) of this Award Agreement, any and all amounts of the Non-Compete Payment previously paid to you. If the Company so elects, you will be entitled to only one Non-Compete Payment pursuant to any and all other agreements between you, on the one hand, and the Company or its Affiliates, on the other hand, including this Award Agreement. 
 You have the right to consult with counsel prior to signing the Award Agreement containing this covenant not to engage in Competition. The Award Agreement will not become effective until the later of your execution of the Award Agreement or ten (10) business days following your receipt of the Award Agreement. 
 If any one or more of the provisions of the covenant not to engage in Competition are determined to be excessively broad as to duration, activity or subject, such provisions shall be construed by limiting and reducing them so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent allowed by the law. 
 All civil actions relating to this covenant not to engage in Competition shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Massachusetts. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises out of this covenant not to engage in Competition, such disputes shall be brought in Suffolk County, Massachusetts. 
 MEXICO 
 1. Commercial Relationship You expressly recognize your participation in the Plan and the Company's grant of the Award does not constitute an employment relationship between you and the Company. You have been granted the Award as a consequence of the commercial relationship between the Company and the Company's subsidiary in Mexico that employs you Steelcase-Mexico ), and Steelcase-Mexico is your sole employer. Based on the foregoing, (a) you expressly recognize that the Plan and the benefits derived from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between you and Steelcase-Mexico, (b) the Plan and the benefits derived from participation in the Plan are not part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by Steelcase-Mexico, and (c) any modifications or amendments of the Plan by the Company, or a termination of the Plan by the Company, shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your employment with Steelcase-Mexico. 
 
 __________ 
 Initial 
 ###AWARD REF### 

###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 ###DATE### 
 Page 15 

2. Extraordinary Item of Compensation You expressly recognize and acknowledge that your participation in the Plan is a result of the discretionary and unilateral decision of the Company, as well as the your free and voluntary decision to participate in the Plan in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Award Agreement and this Addendum. As such, you acknowledge and agree that the Company may, in its sole discretion, amend and or discontinue your participation in the Plan at any time and without any liability. The value of the Performance Units is an extraordinary item of compensation outside the scope of your employment contract, if any. The Performance Units are not part of your regular or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits, or any similar payments, which are the exclusive obligations of your Employer. 
 3. Plan Document Acknowledgement By accepting the Performance Units, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan, the Award Agreement and this Addendum, which you have reviewed. You acknowledge further that you accept all the provisions of the Plan, the Award Agreement and the Addendum. You also acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and conditions set forth in section 19 Acknowledgment of Nature of Plan and Performance Units in the Award Agreement, which clearly provides as follows 
 (1) Your participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right 
 (2) The Plan and your participation in it are offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis 
 (3) Your participation in the Plan is voluntary and 
 (4) The Company and its Subsidiaries are not responsible for any decrease in the value of any Shares acquired at vesting and settlement of the Performance Units. 
 4. Securities Law Notice The Performance Units and the Shares offered under the Plan have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan, the Award Agreement and any other document relating to the Performance Units may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to you only because of your existing relationship with the Company and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities but rather constitutes a private placement of securities addressed specifically to individuals who are present employees of the Employer in Mexico made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 
 SINGAPORE 
 Securities Law Notice The grant of the Performance Units is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA under which it is exempt from the prospectus and registration requirements under the SFA and the grant of the Performance Units is not made to you with a view to the Shares being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. You should note that the Performance Units are subject to section 257 of the SFA and you should not make (i) any subsequent sale of the Shares in Singapore, or (ii) any offer of such subsequent sale of the Shares in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made (a) more than six (6) months after the Grant Date or (b) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. 
 SPAIN 
 1. Acknowledgement of Discretionary Nature of the Plan No Vested Rights By accepting the Award, you consent to participation in the Plan and acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Plan. 
 You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion granted Performance Units under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Affiliates throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Affiliates on an ongoing basis. Consequently, you understand that the Performance Units are granted on the assumption and condition that the Performance Units and the Shares acquired upon settlement of the Performance Units shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Affiliates) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any 
 
 __________ 
 Initial 
 ###AWARD REF### 

###FIRST NAME### ###LAST NAME### 
 ###DATE### 
 Page 16 

purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. In addition, you understand that this grant would not be made to you but for the assumptions and conditions referenced above thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason the Award shall be null and void. 
 You understand and agree that, as a condition of the Award, unless otherwise provided in section 8 of the Award Agreement, any unvested Performance Units as of the date you cease active employment will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying Shares or to any amount of indemnification in the event of termination of employment. You acknowledge that you have read and specifically accept the conditions referred to in the Award Agreement regarding the impact of a termination of employment on the Performance Units. 
 2. Termination for Cause Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the Award Agreement, Cause shall be as defined as set forth in Article 2.6 of the Plan, regardless of whether the termination of employment is considered a fair termination (i.e., despido procedente under Spanish legislation. 
 3. Securities Law Notice The Performance Units and underlying Shares described in the Award Agreement (including this Addendum) do not qualify under Spanish regulations as securities. No offer of securities to the public, as defined under Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory. The Award Agreement (including this Addendum) has not been nor will it be registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Spanish Securities Exchange Commission), and it does not constitute a public offering prospectus. 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 1. Withholding Taxes The following provision supplements section 13 of the Award Agreement. 
 You agree that you are liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenant to pay all such Tax-Related Items as and when requested by the Company, your Employer, or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). You also agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and your Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay on your behalf to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), you are ineligible to have the Company or your Employer cover any income tax liability on your behalf. In this case, any income tax not collected from or paid by you within 90 days after the end of the U.K. tax year in which the event giving rise to the income tax liability occurred (or such other period specified in U.K. law) will constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions NICs will be payable. You will be responsible for paying and reporting any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Company or your Employer (as applicable) the value of any employee NICs due on this additional benefit, which the Company or your Employer may recover from you by any of the means referred to in section 13 of the Award Agreement. 
 2. Exclusion of Claim You acknowledge and agree that you will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from your ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to the Performance Units, whether or not as a result of termination of employment (whether the termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss or diminution in value of the Performance Units. Upon the grant of the Award, you shall be deemed to have waived irrevocably any such entitlement. 

__________ 
 Initial 
 ###AWARD REF### 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.30>
 4
 scs-02242023xex1030.htm
 EX-10.30

Document 
 Exhibit 10.30 

THIS DOCUMENT CONSTITUTES PART OF A PROSPECTUS COVERING SECURITIES THAT HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL TO ###Participant_Name### 
 You have been granted Restricted Stock Units (this Award under the Steelcase Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ). Each Restricted Stock Unit provides for the issuance of one (1) share of Class A common stock Share in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement. 
 This Award Agreement provides additional information regarding your rights under the Plan and this Award. A copy of the Plan, the U.S. prospectus for the Plan and the local country tax supplement to the U.S. prospectus for the Plan (to the extent you are employed outside of the United States) has been provided or otherwise made available to you. If there is any inconsistency between this Award Agreement and the Plan, the Plan controls. Capitalized terms used in this Award Agreement are defined in the Plan or defined hereunder. For purposes of this Award Agreement, Employer shall mean the Company or any Affiliate that employs you on the applicable date (to the extent that you are not directly employed by the Company). 
 Overview of this Award 
 1. Type of Award Restricted Stock Units, as permitted under Article 9 of the Plan. 
 2. Number of Restricted Stock Units Granted under this Award ###Total_Awards### 
 3. Grant Date ###Grant_Date### 
 4. Period of Restriction Subject to the terms of the Plan and section 5 below, the Restricted Stock Units granted under this Award Agreement will vest as follows 
 ###Total_Awards### on ###Expiry_Date### 
 Each vesting date, as listed in your award summary, shall be referred to as the Vesting Date . The period that you hold your Restricted Stock Units prior to the Vesting Date shall be referred to as the Period of Restriction. 
 5. Vesting Upon Death, Disability, Retirement Eligibility or Termination without Cause 
 a. Death . Your Restricted Stock Units will become fully vested if you die while an Employee after six (6) months from the Grant Date. 
 b. Disability . Your Restricted Stock Units will become fully vested if you become Disabled while an Employee after six (6) months from the Grant Date. A Disability or become Disabled means that, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, you are unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity or are receiving income replacement benefits under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company and its Affiliates for a period of not less than three (3) months. 
 c. Retirement Eligible . Your Restricted Stock Units will become fully vested on the date you become Retirement Eligible during the Period of Restriction. The Company will then issue to you one (1) Share for each vested Restricted Stock Unit as soon as practicable following the original Vesting Date, as provided in your award summary (and not on the date you become Retirement Eligible and not on the date of Retirement), but in no event more than 60 days following the original Vesting Date. For purposes of the foregoing, Retirement Eligible means your age plus years of continuous service with the Company and its Affiliates total 80 or more and Retirement means your employment is terminated following becoming Retirement Eligible. 
 d. Termination without Cause . Your Restricted Stock Units will become fully vested if you are terminated without Cause by the Company or your Employer (a Termination without Cause provided , that such termination of employment constitutes a separation from service under Section 409A of the Code. 
 e. Provision of Services . For purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, your employment or service relationship will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to 
 _______ 
 Initial 

###Participant_Name### 
 Page 2 

the Company, its Affiliates or your Employer (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of the your employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement or determined by the Company, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., your period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any). For purposes of the foregoing, the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of your Restricted Stock Unit grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
 6. Change in Control Upon a Change in Control, this Award shall be treated in accordance with Article 19 of the Plan. 
 7. Settlement of Vested Restricted Stock Units Except as provided in sections 5(c), 6 and this section 7, upon the vesting of your Restricted Stock Units, the Company will issue you one (1) Share for each vested Restricted Stock Unit as soon as practicable, but in no event more than 60 days following the Vesting Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle your Restricted Stock Units in the form of Shares but require you to sell such Shares immediately or within a specified period of time following your termination of employment (in which case you hereby expressly authorize the Company to issue sales instructions to any brokerage firm and or third party administrator engaged by the Company on your behalf). 
 8. Transferability The Restricted Stock Units granted under the Plan are not transferable. 
 9. Voting Rights, Dividend Rights and Dividend-Equivalents 
 a. No Voting Rights or Dividend Rights . You are not the owner of record of the Shares underlying your Restricted Stock Units until the Vesting Date. As such, you will have no voting rights or dividend rights on such Shares until the Vesting Date. 
 b. Cash Dividend-Equivalents . You will receive a cash payment equal to any cash dividends that the Company declares and pays with respect to the Shares underlying your outstanding Restricted Stock Units granted under this Award. The Company shall pay such cash dividend-equivalents at such time or times as it determines in its sole discretion provided , the Company shall pay any cash dividend-equivalents within the calendar year in which the cash dividend-equivalent is declared. 
 c. Stock Dividend-Equivalents . You will be entitled to be credited with dividend-equivalents in the form of Shares of the Company with respect to your outstanding Restricted Stock Units, calculated as follows on each date that a stock dividend is paid by the Company while your Restricted Stock Units are outstanding, you will be credited with an additional number of Restricted Stock Units equal to the number of whole Shares that would have been issued with respect to your outstanding Restricted Stock Units had the Restricted Stock Units been issued as Shares. The additional Restricted Stock Units credited under this paragraph will be subject to the same terms and conditions applicable to your Restricted Stock Units originally granted under this Award Agreement, including, without limitation, for purposes of crediting of additional dividend-equivalents. 
 10. Forfeiture of Awards 
 a. Your Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited if, during the Period of Restriction, you cease to be an Employee for any reason, except as set forth in sections 5 and 6 of this Award Agreement. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, if you separate from employment for any reason, other than for Cause, and you are Retirement Eligible, then the terms of your Restricted Stock Units will be governed by section 5(c). 
 b. If you engage in any Competition (as defined in the Plan and determined by the Administrative Committee in its discretion) 
 (i) before the Vesting Date, you will forfeit all outstanding Restricted Stock Units granted under this Award Agreement, or 
 _______ 
 Initial 

###Participant_Name### 
 Page 3 

(ii) between the Vesting Date, and the first (1st) anniversary of the Vesting Date, you must return to the Company all Shares that have been issued to you pursuant to this Award Agreement and you will forfeit all outstanding Restricted Stock Units, if any, granted under this Award Agreement. For purposes of the foregoing, you expressly and explicitly authorize the Company to issue instructions, on your behalf, to any brokerage firm and or third party service provider engaged by the Company to hold your Shares and other amounts acquired under the Plan to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such Shares and or other amounts to the Company. 
 11. Tax Withholding Regardless of any action the Company or your Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or your Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and your Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the vesting of Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends or dividend equivalents and (b) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and or your Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. Prior to the delivery of Shares upon the vesting of your Restricted Stock Units, if your country of residence (and or the country of employment, if different) requires withholding of Tax-Related Items, the Company shall withhold a sufficient number of whole Shares otherwise issuable upon the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the Shares or such amount that will not cause adverse accounting consequences for the Company and is permitted under applicable withholding rules promulgated by the Internal Revenue Service or another governmental entity. The cash equivalent of the Shares withheld will be used to settle the obligation to withhold the Tax-Related Items. In the event that withholding in Shares is prohibited or problematic under applicable law or otherwise may trigger adverse consequences to the Company or your Employer, your Employer may withhold the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the Shares in cash from your regular salary and or wages or any other amounts payable to you. 
 If you relocate to another jurisdiction during the lifetime of your Restricted Stock Units, you will be responsible for notifying the Company of such relocation and shall be responsible for compliance with all applicable tax requirements. By accepting this grant of Restricted Stock Units, you expressly consent to the withholding of Shares and or withholding from your regular salary and or wages or other amounts payable to you as provided for hereunder. All other Tax-Related Items related to the Restricted Stock Units and any Shares delivered in payment thereof are your sole responsibility. 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company and or your Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the equivalent amount in Shares. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you shall be deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Unit, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 You agree to pay to the Company or your Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or your Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 12. Administration This Award Agreement and your rights hereunder are subject to all the terms and conditions of the Plan, as the same may be amended from time to time, as well as to such rules and regulations as the Committee may adopt for administration of the Plan. It is expressly understood that the Committee or its designee is authorized to administer, construe, and make all determinations necessary or appropriate to the administration of the Plan and this Award Agreement, as it determines in its sole discretion, all of which will be binding upon you. 
 _______ 
 Initial 

###Participant_Name### 
 Page 4 

13. Amendment This Award Agreement may be amended or modified by the Committee as long as the amendment or modification does not materially adversely affect this Award. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Plan or in this Award Agreement, to the extent that the Company determines that the Restricted Stock Units are subject to Section 409A of the Code and fail to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, the Company reserves the right to amend, restructure, terminate or replace the Restricted Stock Units in order to cause the Restricted Stock Units to either not be subject to Section 409A of the Code or to comply with the applicable provisions of such section. 
 14. Section 409A of the Code 
 a. The Restricted Stock Units are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. The Plan and this Award Agreement shall be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent. If the Company determines that this Award Agreement is subject to Section 409A of the Code and that it does not comply with or is inconsistent with the applicable requirements, the Company may, in its sole discretion, and without your consent, amend this Award Agreement to cause it to comply with Section 409A of the Code or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code. 
 b. Notwithstanding any provision of this Award Agreement to the contrary, in the event that any settlement or payment of the Restricted Stock Units occurs as a result of your termination of employment and the Company determines that you are a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) subject to Section 409A of the Code at the time of your termination of employment, and provided further that such payment or settlement does not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Section 409A of the Code, then no such settlement or payment shall be paid to you until the date that is the earlier to occur of (i) your death, or (ii) six (6) months and one (1) day following your termination of employment. Any portion of the Restricted Stock Units where settlement is delayed as a result of the foregoing, which is (i) in whole or in part, settled in cash and (ii) based on the value of a Share, shall be based on the value of a Share at the time the Restricted Stock Units otherwise would have been settled or paid without application of the delay described in the foregoing sentence. If the Restricted Stock Units do not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Section 409A of the Code, the terms Retirement, terminate, termination, termination of employment, and variations thereof as used in this Award Agreement are intended to mean a separation from service as such term is defined under Section 409A of the Code. 
 c. Although this Award Agreement and the payments provided hereunder are intended to be exempt from or to otherwise comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, the Company does not represent or warrant that this Award Agreement or the payments provided hereunder will comply with Section 409A of the Code or any other provisions of federal, state, local, or non-U.S. law. Neither the Company, its Subsidiaries, your Employer or their respective directors, officers, employees or advisers shall be liable to you (or any other individual claiming a benefit through you) for any tax, interest, or penalties you may owe as a result of compensation paid under this Award Agreement, and the Company, its Affiliates and your Employer shall have no obligation to indemnify or otherwise protect you from the obligation to pay any taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. 
 15. No Guarantee of Employment Nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan is intended to constitute or create a contract of employment with the Company, any of its Affiliates or your Employer. Moreover, neither this Award Agreement nor the Plan shall confer upon you any right to continuation of employment with the Company or your Employer, nor shall this Award Agreement or Plan interfere in any way with the Company's right or your Employer's right to terminate your employment at any time. Furthermore, neither this Award Agreement nor the Plan is part of your employment contract with the Company or your Employer, if any. The Plan and any awards granted thereunder are managed at the discretion of the Company and or the Committee. The terms and conditions of future awards, if any, will be determined by the Company and or the Committee if and when such new awards are to be made. 
 16. Commercial Relationship To the extent you are not directly employed by the Company, you expressly recognize that your participation in the Plan and the Company's grant of the Restricted Stock Units does not create an employment relationship between you and the Company. You have been granted the Restricted Stock Units as a consequence of the commercial relationship between the Company and your Employer, and your Employer is your sole employer. Based on the foregoing, (a) you expressly recognize the Plan and the benefits you may derive from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between you and your Employer, (b) the Plan and the benefits you may derive from participation in the Plan are not part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by your Employer, and (c) any modifications or amendments of the Plan by the Company, or a termination of the Plan by the Company, shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your employment with your Employer. 
 _______ 
 Initial 

###Participant_Name### 
 Page 5 

17. Acknowledgment of Nature of Plan and Restricted Stock Units In accepting the Restricted Stock Units and any Shares, you acknowledge that 
 a. The Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, as provided in the Plan and this Award Agreement 
 b. The grant of Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units even if Restricted Stock Units have been awarded repeatedly in the past 
 c. All decisions with respect to future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 d. The Restricted Stock Units and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income and value of the same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 e. The terms and conditions of future awards, if any, will be determined by the Company and will be reviewed and communicated to you if and when new grants are to be made 
 f. Your participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 g. The value of the Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item of compensation that is outside the scope of your employment contract, if any 
 h. The Restricted Stock Units and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income and value of the same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or wages salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculation of any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, holiday pay, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or payments or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services to the Company, its Affiliates or your Employer 
 i. The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 j. If you receive Shares, the value of such Shares acquired may increase or decrease in value 
 k. Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares 
 l. Unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Restricted Stock Units and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income and value of the same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service you may provide as a director of any Subsidiary 
 m. Neither the Company, its Affiliates or your Employer shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon vesting and 
 n. In consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Unit, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the Restricted Stock Unit or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Unit or Shares acquired under the Restricted Stock Unit resulting from termination of your service with the Company and its Affiliates (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and you irrevocably release the Company and its Affiliates from any such claim that may arise if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by agreeing to this Award Agreement, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your entitlement to pursue such claim. 
 18. Personal Data Activities The Company is located at 901 44th St. SE in Grand Rapids, Michigan, United States of America, and grants Restricted Stock Units to employees of the Company and its Affiliates in its sole discretion. In conjunction with the Company s grant of the Restricted Stock Units and its ongoing 
 _______ 
 Initial 

###Participant_Name### 
 Page 6 

administration of such awards, the Company is providing the following information about its data collection, processing and transfer practices. In accepting the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, you expressly and explicitly consent to the personal data activities as described herein. 
 a. Data Collection, Processing and Usage . The Company and your Employer collect, process and use your personal data, including your name, home address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, citizenship, job title, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other equity and cash compensation awards granted, canceled, exercised, vested, or outstanding in your favor, which the Company receives from you or your Employer. In granting the Restricted Stock Units, the Company will collect your personal data for purposes of implementing, administering and managing your Restricted Stock Units. The Company s legal basis for the collection, processing and usage of your personal data is your consent. 
 b. Stock Plan Administration Service Provider . The Company may transfer your personal data to Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, an independent service provider based in the United States of America, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Restricted Stock Units (the Stock Plan Administrator ). In the future, the Company may select a different Stock Plan Administrator and share your personal data with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Stock Plan Administrator will open an account for you to receive and trade Shares acquired under the Plan and you will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the Stock Plan Administrator, which is a condition to your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 c. International Data Transfers . The Company and the Stock Plan Administrator are based in the United States of America. You should note that your country of residence may have enacted data privacy laws that are different from the United States of America. The Company s legal basis for the transfer of your personal data to the United States of America is your consent. 
 d. Voluntariness and Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal . Your grant of consent to the personal data activities described herein is purely voluntary. You may deny or withdraw your consent at any time. If you do not consent, or if you later withdraw your consent, you may be unable to receive Restricted Stock Units. This would not affect your existing employment or salary instead, you merely may forfeit the opportunities associated with the grant of Restricted Stock Units. 
 e. Data Subjects Rights . You may have a number of rights under the data privacy laws in your country of residence. For example, your rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of personal data processes of the Company, (ii) request rectification of incorrect data, (iii) request deletion of data, (iv) place restrictions on processing, (v) lodge complaints with competent authorities in your country of residence, and or (vi) request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of your personal data. To receive clarification regarding your rights or to exercise your rights, you should contact Privacy Steelcase.com. 
 19. Electronic Delivery The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Restricted Stock Units and participation in the Plan (or future Restricted Stock Units that may be granted under the Plan) by electronic means, or request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 20. Private Offering The grant of the Restricted Stock Units is not intended to be a public offering of securities in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filing with the local securities authorities (unless otherwise required under local law). 
 21. Addendum Notwithstanding any provisions of this Award Agreement to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for your country of residence (and country of employment, if different) set forth in the addendum to this Award Agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in the Addendum to this Award Agreement at the time of transfer, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). In all circumstances, any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Award Agreement. 
 _______ 
 Initial 

###Participant_Name### 
 Page 7 

22. Additional Terms and Conditions The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Restricted Stock Units, any Shares acquired pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law, rules and regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring you to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 23. Severability The provisions of this Award Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 24. Age Discrimination Rules If you are resident and or employed in a country that is a member of the European Union or the European Economic Area, the grant of the Restricted Stock Units and this Award Agreement are intended to comply with the age discrimination provisions of the EU Equal Treatment Framework Directive, as implemented into local law (the Age Discrimination Rules ). To the extent that a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Award Agreement, the Addendum or the Plan are invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under the Age Discrimination Rules, the Company, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to revise or strike such provision to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted under local law. 
 25. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws By participating in the Plan, you acknowledge that, depending on your or your broker s country of residence or where the Shares are listed, you may be subject to insider trading and or market abuse laws, which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of Shares (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company as defined by the laws or regulations in your country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed inside information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. You should keep in mind third parties includes fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company s insider trading policy. You understand that you personally are responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable restrictions and should consult your personal legal advisor for additional information. 
 26. Clawback If the Company s financial results are materially restated, you acknowledge and agree that the Restricted Stock Units, any Shares acquired pursuant thereto and or any amount received with respect to any sale of such Shares shall be treated in accordance with Article 22 of the Plan. Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that this Award (and any compensation paid or Shares issued under this Award) and any other applicable compensation you receive, have received or may become entitled to receive from the Company are subject to recoupment in accordance with The Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law, in each case, whether implemented before, on or after the Grant Date. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to resign for good reason or constructive termination (or similar term) under any plan or agreement with the Company. For purposes of the foregoing, you expressly and explicitly authorize the Company to issue instructions, on your behalf, to any brokerage firm and or third party administrator engaged by the Company to hold your Shares and other amounts acquired under the Plan to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such Shares and or other amounts to the Company upon the enforcement of this Section 26. 
 27. Governing Law This Award Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Michigan without regard to any choice of law rules thereof which might apply the laws of any other jurisdiction. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of Michigan and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Kent County, Michigan, or the federal courts for the Western District of Michigan, and no other courts, where this grant is made and or to be performed. 
 28. English Language If you are resident outside of the United States, you acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that this Award Agreement, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units be drawn up in English. If you have received this Award Agreement, the Plan or any other documents related to the Restricted Stock 
 _______ 
 Initial 

###Participant_Name### 
 Page 8 

Units translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 29. Compliance with Laws As a condition to the grant of this Award, you agree to repatriate all payments attributable to the Shares and or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends, dividend equivalents and any proceeds derived from the sale of the Shares acquired pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units) if required by and in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). In addition, you also agree to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company, your Employer and the Company's Affiliates, as may be required to allow the Company, your Employer and the Company's Affiliates to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Finally, you agree to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with your personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 
 30. Entire Agreement This Award Agreement, the Plan, the Addendum, and the rules and procedures adopted by the Committee contain all of the provisions applicable to the Restricted Stock Units and no other statements, documents or practices may modify, waive or alter such provisions unless expressly set forth in writing, signed by an authorized officer of the Company and delivered to you. The various provisions of this Award Agreement, the Addendum, the Plan, and the rules and procedures adopted by the Committee are severable, and if any provision thereof is held to be unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, then such unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof. 
 If you have any questions regarding this Award or this Award Agreement, or would like a copy of the Plan, please contact John Hagenbush, Vice President, Compensation and Benefits, at (616) 246-9532. 
 Sincerely, 
 
 Sara E. Armburster 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Steelcase Inc. 
 
 Please acknowledge your agreement to participate in the Plan and this Award Agreement, and to abide by all of the governing terms and provisions by signing the following representation. Your signed representation must be returned by ##Deadline## to 
 Steelcase Inc. 
 Compensation Department (GBC-3C) 
 PO Box 1967 
 Grand Rapids, MI 49501-1967 
 
 Agreement to Participate and to Personal Data Activities 
 By signing a copy of this Award Agreement and returning it, I acknowledge that I have read the Plan, and that I fully understand all of my rights under the Plan, as well as all of the terms and conditions that may limit my rights under this Award Agreement and that I agree with and consent to the personal data activities as specified in Section 18 of this Award Agreement. 
 
 Date _______________________________________ 

Signature ______________________________________ 
 ##Participant Name## 
 ##Employee ID## 
 
 _______ 
 Initial 

###Participant_Name### 
 Page 9 

ADDENDUM TO THE STEELCASE INC. RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 In addition to the terms and conditions set forth in the Award Agreement, the Award is subject to the following terms and conditions (this Addendum ). All defined terms contained in this Addendum shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan or defined hereunder. The information contained in this Addendum is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of March 2023. If you are employed or reside in a state or country identified in this Addendum, the additional terms and conditions for such state or country shall apply. If you transfer residence and or employment to a state or country identified in this Addendum, the additional terms and conditions for such state or country shall apply to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable to comply with local law, rules and regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). 
 EUROPEAN UNION EU EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA EEA UNITED KINGDOM 
 
 Personal Data Activities If you reside and or are employed in the EU EEA or the United Kingdom, the following provisions replace section 18 of the Award Agreement 
 
 The Company is located at 901 44th St. SE in Grand Rapids, Michigan, United States of America, and grants Restricted Stock Units to employees of the Company and its Affiliates in its sole discretion. In conjunction with the Company's grant of the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan and its ongoing administration of such award, the Company is providing the following information about its data collection, processing and transfer practices, which you should carefully review. 
 
 (a) Data Collection, Processing and Usage . Pursuant to applicable data protection laws, you are hereby notified that the Company and your Employer will collect, process and use certain personal information about you, specifically, your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company's legal basis for the collection, processing and use of your Data is your consent. Your Data also may be disclosed to certain securities or other regulatory authorities where the Company s securities are listed or traded or regulatory filings are made. The Company's legal basis for such disclosure of the your Data is to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 (b) Stock Plan Administrator . The Company transfers your Data to Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, an independent service provider based in the United States of America, and engaged by the Company to assist with the implementation, administration and management of awards granted under the Plan (the Stock Plan Administrator ). In the future, the Company may select a different Stock Plan Administrator and share your Data with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Stock Plan Administrator will open an account for you to receive and trade Shares acquired under the Plan. You will be asked to agree to separate terms and data processing practices with the Stock Plan Administrator, which is a condition of your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Company and the Stock Plan Administrator are based in the United States of America. You should note that your country of residence may have enacted data privacy laws that are different from the United States of America. The Company's legal basis for the transfer of your Data to the United States of America is to satisfy its contractual obligations under the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Company s legitimate interests in administering your Award and operating the Plan. 
 
 (d) Data Retention . You understand that your Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your Award and participation in the Plan. When the Company no longer needs the Data, the Company will remove it from its systems. If the Company retains your Data longer, it would be to satisfy the Company's legal or regulatory obligations and the Company's legal basis would be for compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 (e) Data Subject Rights . You understand that you may have the right under applicable law to (i) access or copy your Data that the Company possesses, (ii) rectify incorrect Data concerning you, (iii) delete your Data, (iv) restrict processing of your Data, and or (v) lodge complaints with the competent supervisory authorities in your country of residence. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, you understand that you can contact Privacy Steelcase.com. 
 CANADA 
 _______ 
 Initial 

###Participant_Name### 
 Page 10 

1. Settlement in Shares Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Award Agreement, this Addendum or the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled only in Shares (and shall not be settled in cash). 
 2. Termination of Employment This provision replaces the second paragraph of section 5(e) of the Award Agreement 
 For purposes of this Award Agreement, your employment or service will be considered terminated as of the earlier of (a) the date you terminate employment or (b) the date you receive written notice of termination of employment from the Employer, regardless of any period during which notice, pay in lieu of such notice or related payments or damages are required to be provided under local law (including, but not limited to statutory law, regulatory law and or common law). For greater certainty, you will not earn or be entitled to any pro-rated vesting for that portion of time before the date on which your right to vest terminates, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of your minimum statutory notice period, but you will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of your statutory notice period, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 3. Consent to Collection Processing Transfer of Personal Data The following provision shall supplement section 18 of the Award Agreement You authorize the Company and the Company's representative to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or non-professional, involved in the administration of the Plan. You further authorize the Company, any Affiliate of the Company, and the Employer, any broker or any stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company from time to time to assist with the Plan, to disclose and discuss your participation in the Plan with their advisors. You also authorize the Company and the Employer to record such information and to keep such information in your employment file. You acknowledge and agree that your personal information, including any sensitive personal information, may be transferred or disclosed outside the province of Quebec, including to the U.S. If applicable, you also acknowledge and authorize the Company, any Affiliate of the Company, the administrator of the Plan and any third party brokers administrators that are assisting the Company with the operation and administration of the Plan to use technology for profiling purposes and to make automated decisions that may have an impact on you or the administration of the Plan. 
 4. French Language Documents (Quebec) A French translation of the Award Agreement, this Addendum, the Plan and certain other documents related to the Award will be made available to you as soon as reasonably practicable following your written request. You understand that, from time to time, additional information related to the Award may be provided in English and such information may not be immediately available in French. However, upon written request, the Company will provide a translation of such information into French as soon as reasonably practicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Award Agreement, and unless you indicate otherwise, the French translation of this document and certain other documents related to the Award will govern your Award and your participation in the Plan. Documents en fran ais (Qu bec) Une traduction fran aise du Contrat d'Attribution, de la pr sente Annexe, du Plan et de certains autres documents relatifs l Attribution sera mise votre disposition d s que cela sera raisonnablement possible la suite de votre demande crite. Vous comprenez que, de temps autre, des informations suppl mentaires relatives l'Attribution pourraient tre fournies en anglais et que ces informations pourraient ne pas tre imm diatement disponibles en fran ais. Toutefois, sur demande, la Soci t fournira une traduction de ces informations en fran ais d s que cela sera raisonnablement possible. Nonobstant toute disposition contraire du Contrat d'Attribution, et sauf indication contraire de votre part, la traduction fran aise du pr sent document et de certains autres documents relatifs l'attribution r gira votre attribution et votre participation au Plan. 
 5. Securities Law Notice You are permitted to sell Shares acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any, provided the sale of the Shares takes place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares are listed i.e. , the New York Stock Exchange). 
 CZECH REPUBLIC 
 None. 
 FRANCE 
 1. Restricted Stock Units Not Tax-Qualified The Restricted Stock Units are not intended to be French tax-qualified. 
 _______ 
 Initial 

###Participant_Name### 
 Page 11 

2. English Language The parties to the Award Agreement acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Award Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Les parties au Contrat d'Attribution reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais du Contrat d'Attribution, ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et proc dures judiciaires intent es, en vertu du Contrat d'Attribution ou se rapportant directement ou indirectement au Contrat d'Attribution. 
 GERMANY 
 None. 
 HONG KONG 
 1. Lapse of Restrictions If, for any reason, Shares are issued to you within six (6) months of the Grant Date, you agree that you will not sell or otherwise dispose of any such Shares prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 2. IMPORTANT NOTICE - WARNING The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The contents of the Award Agreement, this Addendum, the Plan, and all other materials pertaining to the Restricted Stock Units and or the Plan have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable companies and securities legislation in Hong Kong, and have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. The Award Agreement, this Addendum, the Plan, and all other materials are intended only for your personal use and not for distribution to any other persons. You are hereby advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer thereunder. If you have any doubts about any of the contents of the aforesaid materials, you should obtain independent professional advice. 
 3. Wages The Restricted Stock Units and Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units do not form part of your wages for the purposes of calculating any statutory or contractual payments under Hong Kong law. 
 4. Nature of the Plan The Company specifically intends that the Plan will not be treated as an occupational retirement scheme for purposes of the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance ORSO ). To the extent any court, tribunal or legal regulatory body in Hong Kong determines that the Plan constitutes an occupational retirement scheme for the purposes of ORSO, the grant of the Restricted Stock Units shall be null and void. 
 INDIA 
 Repatriation Requirements As a condition of this Award, you agree to repatriate all sales proceeds and dividends attributable to Shares acquired under the Plan in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from your failure to comply with applicable laws. You also agree to provide any information that may be required by the Company or your Employer to make any applicable filings under exchange control laws in India. 
 MASSACHUSETTS (UNITED STATES) 
 Forfeiture of Awards Notwithstanding anything in Sections 2.12 or 18.4 of the Plan or in this Award Agreement to the contrary, the following provision supplements section 10 of the Award Agreement. 
 With respect to conduct you engage in following the termination of your employment with Employer, the definition of Competition and your covenant not to engage in Competition shall be limited to providing services, directly or indirectly, either individually, or in partnership, jointly or in conjunction with any other Person, in any state or geographic region in which you had a material presence or influence on behalf of the Company or its Affiliates during the two (2)-year period preceding your termination of employment, of the type you provided to the Company and its Affiliates at any time during the two (2)-year period preceding the date of termination of your employment. 
 In the event that you engage in Competition following the date either (i) you resign from employment with Employer or (ii) Employer terminates your employment with Employer for cause as defined under Massachusetts law, as applicable to the Massachusetts Noncompetition Agreement Act (such cause the Non-Compete Cause ), and on a date that falls on or between the Vesting Date and the first (1 st anniversary of the Vesting Date, Section 10(b)(ii) of this Award Agreement will not apply to you unless the Company, on or within five (5) business days following the date of your resignation or termination set forth in either clause (i) or (ii) above, elects to enforce the 
 _______ 
 Initial 

###Participant_Name### 
 Page 12 

covenant not to engage in Competition set forth above for a period of time not to exceed one (1) year following such date of resignation or termination (such period, the Non-Compete Restricted Period ). 
 In addition, nothwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, neither the covenant not to engage in Competition nor section 10(b)(i) of this Award Agreement shall be enforceable following a termination of your employment by Employer without Non-Compete Cause. 
 You represent that the grant of this Award constitutes fair and reasonable consideration for the covenant not to engage in Competition set forth above. In the event the Company elects to enforce the covenant not to engage in Competition above, the Company shall pay you, upon commencement of the Non-Compete Restricted Period through the expiration of the Non-Compete Restricted Period, an amount equal to 50 of your highest annualized base salary within the two (2)-year period preceding the date of your resignation from employment with or termination of employment by Employer (the Non-Compete Payment ). The Non-Compete Payment shall be payable in equal installments in accordance with Employer s payroll practices as in effect on your last day of employment, beginning on the first payroll date thereafter. In the event that you breach any of your obligations not to engage in Competition, the Company s obligations to provide the Non-Compete Payment shall thereupon immediately cease, and the Company shall be entitled, in addition to any remedies available at law or in equity, to recover from you, in addition to the return of Shares and the forfeiture of Restricted Stock Units outlined in section 10(b)(ii) of this Award Agreement, any and all amounts of the Non-Compete Payment previously paid to you. If the Company so elects, you will be entitled to only one Non-Compete Payment pursuant to any and all other agreements between you, on the one hand, and the Company or its Affiliates, on the other hand, including this Award Agreement. 
 You have the right to consult with counsel prior to signing the Award Agreement containing this covenant not to engage in Competition. The Award Agreement will not become effective until the later of your execution of the Award Agreement or ten (10) business days following your receipt of the Award Agreement. 
 If any one or more of the provisions of the covenant not to engage in Competition are determined to be excessively broad as to duration, activity or subject, such provisions shall be construed by limiting and reducing them so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent allowed by the law. 
 All civil actions relating to this covenant not to engage in Competition shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Massachusetts. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises out of this covenant not to engage in Competition, such disputes shall be brought in Suffolk County, Massachusetts. 
 MEXICO 
 1. Commercial Relationship You expressly recognize your participation in the Plan and the Company's grant of the Award does not constitute an employment relationship between you and the Company. You have been granted the Award as a consequence of the commercial relationship between the Company and the Company's subsidiary in Mexico that employs you Steelcase-Mexico ), and Steelcase-Mexico is your sole employer. Based on the foregoing, (a) you expressly recognize that the Plan and the benefits derived from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between you and Steelcase-Mexico, (b) the Plan and the benefits derived from participation in the Plan are not part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by Steelcase-Mexico, and (c) any modifications or amendments of the Plan by the Company, or a termination of the Plan by the Company, shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your employment with Steelcase-Mexico. 
 2. Extraordinary Item of Compensation You expressly recognize and acknowledge that your participation in the Plan is a result of the discretionary and unilateral decision of the Company, as well as the your free and voluntary decision to participate in the Plan in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Award Agreement and this Addendum. As such, you acknowledge and agree that the Company may, in its sole discretion, amend and or discontinue your participation in the Plan at any time and without any liability. The value of the Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item of compensation outside the scope of your employment contract, if any. The Restricted Stock Units are not part of your regular or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits, or any similar payments, which are the exclusive obligations of your Employer. 
 3. Plan Document Acknowledgement By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan, the Award Agreement and this Addendum, which you have reviewed. You acknowledge further that you accept all the provisions of the Plan, the Award Agreement and the Addendum. You also acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and conditions set forth in section 17 Acknowledgment of Nature of Plan and Restricted Stock Units in the Award Agreement, which clearly provides as follows 
 _______ 
 Initial 

###Participant_Name### 
 Page 13 

(1) Your participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right 
 (2) The Plan and your participation in it are offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis 
 (3) Your participation in the Plan is voluntary and 
 (4) The Company and its Subsidiaries are not responsible for any decrease in the value of any Shares acquired at vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 4. Securities Law Notice The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares offered under the Plan have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan, the Award Agreement and any other document relating to the Restricted Stock Units may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to you only because of your existing relationship with the Company and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities but rather constitutes a private placement of securities addressed specifically to individuals who are present employees of the Employer in Mexico made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 Waiver of Termination Rights You waive any and all rights to compensation or damages as a result of a termination of employment, insofar as those rights result or may result from (a) the loss or diminution in value of such rights or entitlements under the Plan or (b) you ceasing to have rights, or ceasing to be entitled to any Awards under the Plan as a result of such termination of employment. 
 ROMANIA 
 Language Consent By accepting the grant of Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge that you are proficient in reading and understanding English and fully understands the terms of the documents related to the grant (the Award Agreement and the Plan), which were provided in the English language. You accept the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 
 Consimtamant cu Privire la Limba Prin acceptarea acordarii de Restricted Stock Unit-uri , recunoa te i c sunte i competen i n citirea i n elegerea limbii engleze i n elege i pe deplin termenii documentelor legate de subven ie (Acordul de acordare i planul), care au fost furnizate n limba englez . Accepta i termenii acestor documente n consecin . 
 
 Exchange Control Notice You generally are not required to seek authorization from the National Bank of Romania NBR to participate in the Plan or to open and operate a foreign bank account to receive any proceeds under the Plan. However, if you acquire 10 or more of the registered capital of a non-resident company, you must file a report with the NBR within 30 days from the date such ownership threshold is reached. This is a statutory requirement, but it does not trigger the payment of fees to NBR. You may be required to provide the Romanian bank to which you transfer any proceeds under the Plan with appropriate documentation regarding the source of the income. You should consult with your personal advisor to determine whether you will be required to submit such documentation to the Romanian bank. 
 SINGAPORE 
 Securities Law Notice The grant of the Restricted Stock Units is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA under which it is exempt from the prospectus and registration requirements under the SFA and the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is not made to you with a view to the Shares being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. You should note that the Restricted Stock Units are subject to section 257 of the SFA and you should not make (i) any subsequent sale of the Shares in Singapore, or (ii) any offer of such subsequent sale of the Shares in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made (a) more than six (6) months after the Grant Date or (b) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. 
 SPAIN 
 _______ 
 Initial 

###Participant_Name### 
 Page 14 

1. Acknowledgement of Discretionary Nature of the Plan No Vested Rights By accepting the Award, you consent to participation in the Plan and acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Plan. 
 You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion granted Restricted Stock Units under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Affiliates throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Affiliates on an ongoing basis. Consequently, you understand that the Restricted Stock Units are granted on the assumption and condition that the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Affiliates) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. In addition, you understand that this grant would not be made to you but for the assumptions and conditions referenced above thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason the Award shall be null and void. 
 You understand and agree that, as a condition of the Award, unless otherwise provided in section 5 of the Award Agreement, any unvested Restricted Stock Units as of the date you cease active employment will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying Shares or to any amount of indemnification in the event of termination of employment. You acknowledge that you have read and specifically accept the conditions referred to in the Award Agreement regarding the impact of a termination of employment on the Restricted Stock Units. 
 2. Termination for Cause Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the Award Agreement, Cause shall be as defined as set forth in Article 2.6 of the Plan, regardless of whether the termination of employment is considered a fair termination (i.e., despido procedente under Spanish legislation. 
 3. Securities Law Notice The Restricted Stock Units and underlying Shares described in the Award Agreement (including this Addendum) do not qualify under Spanish regulations as securities. No offer of securities to the public, as defined under Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory. The Award Agreement (including this Addendum) has not been nor will it be registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Spanish Securities Exchange Commission), and it does not constitute a public offering prospectus. 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 1. Withholding Taxes The following provision supplements section 11 of the Award Agreement. 
 You agree that you are liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenant to pay all such Tax-Related Items as and when requested by the Company, your Employer, or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). You also agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and your Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay on your behalf to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), you are ineligible to have the Company or your Employer cover any income tax liability on your behalf. In this case, any income tax not collected from or paid by you within 90 days after the end of the U.K. tax year in which the event giving rise to the income tax liability occurred (or such other period specified in U.K. law) will constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions NICs will be payable. You will be responsible for paying and reporting any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Company or your Employer (as applicable) the value of any employee NICs due on this additional benefit, which the Company or your Employer may recover from you by any of the means referred to in section 11 of the Award Agreement. 
 2. Exclusion of Claim You acknowledge and agree that you will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from your ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to the Restricted Stock Units, whether or not as a result of termination of employment (whether the termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the grant of the Award, you shall be deemed to have waived irrevocably any such entitlement. 
 
 _______ 
 Initial 

###Participant_Name### 
 Page 15 

_______ 
 Initial 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 scs-02242023xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 Name of Subsidiary AF Steelcase S.A., a Spanish corporation AMQ Solutions, LLC, a California limited liability company Halcon Furniture LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company Red Thread Spaces LLC, a Michigan limited liability company Smith System Manufacturing Company, a Delaware corporation Steelcase Asia Pacific Limited, a British Virgin Islands international business company Steelcase Canada Limited, a Canadian corporation Steelcase Czech Republic s.r.o., a Czech Republic limited liability company Steelcase Financial Services Inc., a Michigan corporation Steelcase Furniture (Dongguan) Company Limited, a People's Republic of China company Steelcase GmbH, a German stock corporation Steelcase Limited, a British private limited company Steelcase Manufacturing Sdn. Bhd., a Malaysian corporation Steelcase SAS, a French corporation Steelcase Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., a People's Republic of China company Viccarbe Habitat, S.L., a Spanish limited liability corporation 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 scs-02242023xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-229176 on Form S-3, and Registration Statement No. 333-84689 for the Steelcase Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan and Registration Statement Nos. 333-46711, 333-50964, 333-102361, 333-146530, and 333-257944 for the Steelcase Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan, all on Form S-8, of our reports dated April 14, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Steelcase Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Steelcase Inc. for the year ended February 24, 2023. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Grand Rapids, Michigan 
 April 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 scs-02242023xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT SECTION 302 
 
 I, Sara E. Armbruster, certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended February 24, 2023 of Steelcase Inc. 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

s Sara E. Armbruster Name Sara E. Armbruster Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date April 14, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 scs-02242023xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT SECTION 302 
 
 I, David C. Sylvester, certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended February 24, 2023 of Steelcase Inc. 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

s David C. Sylvester Name David C. Sylvester Title Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 Date April 14, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 scs-02242023xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Steelcase Inc. (the Company for the period ended February 24, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Sara E. Armbruster, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and David C. Sylvester, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on their knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Sara E. Armbruster Name Sara E. Armbruster Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 April 14, 2023 
 s David C. Sylvester Name David C. Sylvester Title Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 scs-20230224.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 scs-20230224_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 scs-20230224_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 scs-20230224_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 scs-20230224_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

