<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_889348_0001387131-23-004743.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5839644</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>232166</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1071253</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1715737</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1221723</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1456230</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-23-004743.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414164128
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-23-004743
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CPI AEROSTRUCTURES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000889348
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT PART & AUXILIARY EQUIPMENT, NEC [3728]
		IRS NUMBER:				112520310
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11398
		FILM NUMBER:		23821730

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200A EXECUTIVE DR
		CITY:			EDGEWOOD
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11717
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5165865200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		91 HEARTLAND BLVD
		CITY:			EDGEWOOD
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11717

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-23-004743.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 cvu-10k_123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 

 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other
 jurisdiction of 
 I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12-b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate
market value of the registrant s common stock (based on its reported last sale price on OTC Pink on June 30, 2022 of held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . 

As
of April 12, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, .001
par value, outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: 

Portions
of the CPI Aerostructures, Inc. Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after
the year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K with respect to the registrant s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
are incorporated by reference into Part III hereof. 

CPI
AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 FORM
10-K 

 ANNUAL
REPORT 

 FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

FORWARD-LOOKING
 STATEMENTS 
 3 
 
 PART
 I 

3 

Item
 1 . 
 BUSINESS 
 3 

Item
 1A . 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 12 

Item
 1B 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 20 

Item
 2 . 
 PROPERTIES 
 20 

Item
 3 . 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 20 

Item
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 21 
 
 PART
 II 

21 

Item
 5 . 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 21 

Item
 6 . 
 [RESERVED] 
 22 

Item
 7 . 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 22 

Item
 7A . 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 29 

Item
 8 . 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 29 

Item
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 29 

Item
 9A 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 
 29 

Item
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 30 

Item
 9C 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 30 
 
 PART
 III 

30 

Item
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 30 

Item
 11 . 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 
 30 

Item
 12 . 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 30 

Item
 13 . 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 30 

Item
 14 . 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 30 
 
 PART
 IV 

31 

Item
 15. 
 EXHIBITS 
 31 

Item
 16 . 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 
 32 

INDEX
 TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-1 

2 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in future filings by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), the words or phrases will will likely result, management expects 
or we expect, could, will continue, anticipated, estimated 
or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections,
forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking
statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, each of which speaks only
as of the date made. There can be no assurance that future developments will be those that have been anticipated. We may not actually
achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements. Further, such statements are subject
to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical earnings and those presently
anticipated or projected. The risks are included in Item 1A: Risk Factors included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. We assume no obligation to revise or update any forward looking statements for any reason except as required by law. 

You
should read the financial information set forth below in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 

PART
I 

Item
1. BUSINESS 

General 

CPI
Aerostructures, Inc., including its wholly owned subsidiary Welding Metallurgy, Inc. WMI and Compac Development
Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of WMI (collectively, CPI Aero , the Company , us, 
or we is a manufacturer of structural assemblies, integrated systems, and kitted components for the domestic and
international aerospace and defense A D markets. Our products are generally used by customers in the production
of fixed wing aircraft, helicopters, electronic warfare EW systems, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance ISR systems, missiles, and other sophisticated A D products. We are primarily a Tier 1 supplier to Original
Equipment Manufacturers OEMs ). We are also a Tier 2 supplier to larger Tier 1 manufacturers and a prime contractor
to the United States U.S. Department of Defense DOD ), primarily the U.S. Air Force USAF ).
Our products are used by OEMs within both commercial aerospace and national security markets. In addition to our assembly operations,
we provide manufacturing engineering, program management, supply chain management, kitting, and maintenance repair and overhaul MRO services. 

CPI
Aero has over 40 years of experience as a contractor. Our team possesses extensive technical expertise and program management
and integration capabilities. Our competitive advantage lies in our ability to offer large contractor capabilities with the flexibility
and responsiveness of a small company, while staying competitive in cost and delivering superior quality products. 

We
maintain a website located at www.cpiaero.com . Our corporate filings, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K, our proxy statements and reports filed by our officers and directors under
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and any amendments to those
filings, are available, free of charge, on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material
with the SEC. The contents of our website are not incorporated in or otherwise to be regarded as a part of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

History 

Conceived
and started as a technical consulting firm on January 11, 1980, within a few years, Composite Products International Inc. CPI was manufacturing aircraft structural components for U.S. military aircraft under contract to the U.S. Government. By the late
1980s, CPI was also providing structural components for civil aircraft in the commercial market. 

In
the 1990s, CPI became a publicly traded company and changed its name to CPI Aerostructures, Inc. The company continued to grow,
both in size and in its business. U.S. Government contracts served as the mainstay of CPI Aero s business, and the Company
continued to grow its presence in the commercial market as well. Commitment to customer satisfaction and pride in a job well done
propelled CPI Aero to the forefront as a reputable and hardworking supplier to OEMs. 

On
September 5, 2000, CPI Aero shares were listed on the American Stock Exchange (now known as NYSE American). We also started to
focus on diversifying our business model to pursue more commercial contracts. In 2007, the Company won three major contracts and
experienced great growth and expansion. 

3 

In
2018, CPI Aero acquired Welding Metallurgy Inc. This allowed for a small but strategically important amount of vertical integration
in complex fusion welding and large diameter tube bending capability. The acquisition included Miller Stuart and Compac Development
Corp., two other business lines that added fabrication of electrical cables, harnesses and enclosures to the Company s capabilities. 

Today,
CPI Aero continues to engage in traditional high quality structural assembly manufacturing while incorporating the latest in technology
to improve quality and streamline production. Our success is rooted in our core company values, the dedication and skill of our
employees, and our commitment to providing our customers the full-service solution they require. 

Products
and Services 

We
offer design, engineering, manufacture, build, maintenance, repair and overhaul MRO services, and supply chain
and kitting services capabilities to the aerospace and defense industry as follows: 

Aerostructures: New
 Production and Repair/Overhaul of Fielded Wing Structures and other Control Surfaces, Rudder Island, Engine
 Inlets/Nacelles, Engine Exhaust Manifolds, Aircraft Doors and Windows, Aircraft Steps and Racks, and other Aircraft Secondary
 Structures 

Aerosystems: Airborne
 Pod Structures and Integration of Internal Systems, Radar Housing Structures, Panel Assemblies, Mechanical Door Locking
 Systems, and Canopy Lifting Systems 

Large
 Diameter Tube Bending: Complex Ducts and Tubes in Steel, Aluminum, Titanium,
 and Nickel Alloys 

Complex
 Specialty Welding: Fusion Welded Fluid Tanks and Resistance Welding (Spot and
 Seam) 

Electrical
 Cables, Harness, and Enclosures: Wire Harnesses, Power Control Systems, Fuel
 Management Systems, Power Distribution Systems, Fully Integrated Electrical Control Systems,
 and enclosures 

Engineering
Services and Capabilities 

As
a build-to-print structural component manufacturer, CPI Aero s engineering focus is on executing customer contracts through
product realization, and to support collaborative design development using design for manufacturing and assembly, geometric dimensioning tolerancing GD T ), and tooling concept support. Although not vertically integrated, CPI Aero has a deep
well of experience on various types of detail part manufacturing that allows us to provide detailed design for manufacturing input
during the design refinement process. 

We
have significant experience working in a full model-based definition environment, both CATIA and NX, due to our long sustainment
support on older airframes. CPI Aero also possesses the capability to work with traditional blueprints, mylars and loft. The Company
has executed several projects where older engineering data sets were rehabilitated to fully model-based datasets
per customers requests. 

CPI
Aero is capable and has experience in designing all types of assembly type tools up to and including large floor mounted, articulated
tooling at high levels of precision. We are also capable of designing various types of tooling that can be 3D printed for rapid
response. Understanding our customers product performance needs and combining product GD T layout and final tooling
definitions and requirements helps us ensure product realization success. 

Overall,
CPI Aero s engineering team is dedicated to providing our customers an experience where our activities are an extension
of their business and complement their engineering goals. 

Business
Strategy 

CPI
Aero is committed to achieving revenue, gross profit margin, and earnings growth through the successful implementation of our
business development strategy. CPI Aero s future strategic direction is tied to aerostructures, aerosystems, supply chain,
and kitting services, and a deeper market penetration of formerly acquired businesses in welding, tube bending, wire harnesses,
and electronics. To accomplish this strategy, we are focused on executing on our current customer programs while pursuing new
aerospace build-to-print opportunities - in both new production and MRO statements of work. 

We
believe that there has been a shift in the market for more build-to-print contracts by OEMs versus the recent past trend of design
and build contracts. This trend fits in well with CPI Aero s strengths. In addition, we expect to identify and close contracts
for which we can provide more value added content to our customer (like integrating sub-assemblies into higher level Aerostructures
and Aerosystems statements of work) and we intend to pursue statements of work that require proportionately higher CPI Aero value
added content. 

Another
tenet of the CPI Aero business development strategy is portfolio reshaping of our existing business by identifying and closing
long-term agreements or multi-year contracts, which provides an opportunity to firm-up supplier agreements and secure supplier
capacity. 

4 

The
final element of CPI Aero s business development strategy is to build upon the Company s existing customer relationships
and to develop relationships with new customers. We intend to increase customer engagements by deploying our business development
personnel to solidify existing customer relationships which have been established by performance excellence, transparency and
trust over many years and multiple programs. We also intend to add resources to our business development function to cultivate
new relationships with new customers. 

We
will make sure each customer has the best possible buying experience, by ensuring we are a best value partner through the delivery
of high quality products delivered on time. The CPI Aero team will always work in a collaborative way to meet customers 
needs and solve their problems. 

The
Market 

We
have positioned the Company to take advantage of opportunities in the military aerospace market to a broad customer base, thereby
reducing the impact of direct government contracting limitations. Our success as a subcontractor to defense prime contractors
has provided us with opportunities to also act as a subcontractor to prime contractors in the production of commercial aircraft
structures. 

Over
time, our Company has expanded in both capabilities and size, as evidenced by our growth in our operational, global supply chain
management, program management, and engineering capabilities, as well as the growth in our manufacturing shop floor size and equipment
base. These expansions have provided us the ability to supply larger and more complex Aerostructures and Aerosystems products
in support of our government-based programs as well as to pursue opportunities within the commercial and business jet markets.
Our capabilities have also allowed us to obtain MRO, kitting, tube bending, welding, and electronics related contracts. 

Competition 

We
face competition in our role as both a prime contractor to the U.S. Government and as a Tier 1 or Tier 2 subcontractor to military
and commercial aircraft manufacturers. Within respect to Aerostructures products, we often compete against much larger Tier 1
suppliers, such as Triumph Group, Spirit Aerosystems, Kaman Aerospace, GKN Aerospace, Ducommun, and LMI Aerospace. We believe
that we can compete effectively with these larger companies by delivering products with the same level of quality and performance
at a better value for our customer. With respect to Aerosystems products, such as our portfolio of EW and ISR integrated pod structures,
we find more limited competition and are not aware of competition from any of the Aerostructures companies mentioned above. In
these cases, we typically compete with the internal manufacturing arm of our customers. We believe our unique skills related to
integrated pod structures combined with a very efficient and generally much lower cost structure create a competitive advantage
for bidding on Aerosystems contracts. 

For
certain unrestricted contracts for the U.S. Government, we may compete against well-established prime contractors, including Northrop
Grumman, Lockheed Martin, and Boeing. All of these competitors possess significantly larger infrastructures, greater resources
and the capabilities to respond to much larger contracts. We believe that our competitive advantage lies in our ability to offer
large contractor capabilities with the flexibility and responsiveness of a small company, while staying competitive in cost and
delivering superior quality products. While larger prime contractors compete for significant modification awards, they generally
do not compete for awards in smaller modifications, spares and replacement parts, even for aircraft for which they are the original
manufacturer. In certain instances, the large prime contractors often subcontract much of the work they win to their Tier 1 suppliers
so we also may act as a subcontractor to them in these situations. Furthermore, in some cases these prime contractors are not
permitted to bid, for example when the U.S. Government designates a contract as a Small Business Set-Aside. In these restricted
contracts for the U.S. Government, CPI Aero typically competes against numerous small business competitors. We believe we compete
effectively against the smaller competitors because of our 40 years of experience and expertise in responding to requests for
proposals for government contracts. 

Our
Customers 

Approximately
 6.1 million and 4.7 million of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were from customers
outside the U.S. All other revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 has been attributable to customers within the
U.S. We have no assets outside the U.S. 

We
have positioned our Company to take advantage of opportunities in the military aerospace market to a broad customer base, which
we believe will reduce the potential impact of industry consolidation. Our success as a subcontractor to defense prime contractors
has provided us with opportunities to also act as a subcontractor to prime contractors in the production of commercial aircraft
structures, which we believe will also reduce our exposure to defense industry consolidation, government spending decisions, and
other defense industry risks. 

Our
OEM customers in the defense sector include leading prime defense contractors such as: 

Lockheed Martin
 Corporation - we provide products used in the production of Lockheed Martin Corporation s Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter and an international variant of the F-16 Falcon. We also provide structural assemblies to Sikorsky,
 a Lockheed Martin company Sikorsky ), for many of their military helicopter platforms including the UH-60 BLACK
 HAWK , CH-53E and CH-53K, and a special purpose helicopter; 

5 

Raytheon Technologies
 Corporation - we provide products to three business divisions of Raytheon Technologies Corporation Raytheon ):
 Intelligence and Space (Next Generation Jammer Mid-Band pod), Missiles Defense (missile wing and Evolved Sea
 Sparrow missile launcher controller) and Collins Aerospace (intelligence, surveillance, and airborne reconnaissance pods); 

The Boeing
 Company - we provide critical wing structure for The Boeing Company s Boeing A-10 re-wing program
 and welded structures for the CH-47 Chinook helicopter; and 

Northrop Grumman
 Corporation we provide structural components and kits for the Northrop Grumman Corporation NGC E-2D Advanced Hawkeye, various integrated radar and laser pod structures, welded tubes, and welded fluid tanks for a classified
 program. 

82 
and 87 of our revenue in 2022 and 2021, respectively, was generated by subcontracts with defense prime contractors. 

Our
OEM customers in the civil aviation market include: 

Embraer S.A.
 Executive Jets we provide engine inlet assemblies for Embraer S.A. s Embraer Phenom
 300 business jet; and 

Gulfstream
 Aircraft Company until recently, we provided a critical structure used to produce the wing of Gulfstream Aircraft
 Company s large cabin executive business jets, including the flagship G650ER, the G700, and the recently announced G800.
 This contract ended in 2022. 

7 
and 6 of our revenue in 2022 and 2021, respectively, was generated by commercial contract sales. 

CPI
Aero also is a prime contractor to the DOD, primarily through contracts directly with the USAF and the Defense Logistics Agency DLA ), providing supply chain management, assembly integration, and kitting services for the F-16 and T-38
programs. 10 and 7 of our revenue in 2022 and 2021, respectively, were generated by direct government sales. 

Significant
Contracts 

Our
most significant contracts are described below: 

Military
Aircraft Subcontracts with Prime Contractors 

E-2D
Advanced Hawkeye: The NGC E-2D Advanced Hawkeye is an all-weather, carrier-based tactical Airborne Early Warning aircraft.
The twin turboprop aircraft was designed and developed in the 1950s by the Grumman Aircraft Company for the U.S. Navy. The U.S.
Navy aircraft has been progressively updated with the latest variant, the E-2D, first flying in 2007. In 2008, we received an
initial 7.9 million order from NGC to provide structural kits used in the production of Outer Wing Panels OWP of the E-2D. We initially valued the long-term agreement at approximately 98 million over an eight-year period, with the potential
to be in excess of 195 million over the life of the aircraft program. In February of 2019, we announced a new multi-year award
valued at up to approximately 47.5 million. In June 2020, we announced that we had received firm orders valued in excess of 43
million and 5 million in long-lead funding in anticipation of purchase orders for OWP structural components and kits. In 2021,
we received additional orders valued at approximately 11 million. Since 2008, the cumulative orders we have received on this
program through December 31, 2022 exceed 209 million. 

In
addition, in 2015 we won an award to supply structural components and kits for the Wet Outer Wing Panel WOWP on
the E-2D Advanced Hawkeye airborne early warning and control AEW C aircraft that will be manufactured for
the Japan Air Self Defense Force JASDF ). We are responsible for component source selection, supply chain management,
delivery of kits, and providing manufacturing engineering services to NGC during the integration of the components into the WOWP
E-2D. In late 2019, CPI Aero received additional WOWP kit requirements increasing the total value of this program for the JASDF
to be in excess of 20 million. 

In
February 2020, the Company s subsidiary WMI received approximately 4 million in purchase orders from NGC to produce numerous
welded structures and tubes for the E-2D Advanced Hawkeye. Under the terms of the purchase orders, WMI manufactured more than
140 different items in support of the production of at least 25 E-2D aircraft. The period of performance was through December
31, 2022 with strong potential for follow-on orders. 

ALQ-249
Next Generation Jammer Mid-Band Pod NGJ-MB ): The Raytheon NGJ-MB pod is an external jamming pod
that will disrupt and degrade enemy aircraft and ground radar and communication systems, and will replace the ALQ-99 system on
the U.S. Navy s EA-6B Growler carrier-based electronic warfare aircraft. The U.S. Navy plans to install these pods on 139
EA-18G Growlers during the production phase. There are two pods per aircraft. There are also 11 EA-18Gs operated by the Royal
Australian Air Force. Raytheon received a 1 billion sole source contract from the U.S. Navy in April 2016, and CPI Aero has a
contract with Raytheon to assemble the pod structural housing and air management system AMS and integrate customer
furnished equipment. In 2019, Raytheon authorized CPI Aero to begin production of pod structures and AMS components for the System
Demonstration and Test Article SDTA phase of the NGJ-MB program. All SDTA pods and AMS components orders received
were valued in excess of 60 million and completed delivery as of December 31, 2022. 

6 

On
November 16, 2021 the Company announced it was authorized by Raytheon to start the production phase of the program. The Company
was awarded low rate production LRIP I and II orders valued at approximately 18.5 million. LRIP III, for which
the Company was awarded an order of approximately 14.0 million in October 2022, is estimated to be a greater than 25 million
program. We believe that the total value of the NGJ-MB program through production will be in excess of 210 million through 2030. 

A-10
Thunderbolt II Warthog : The Boeing A-10 Thunderbolt II, also known as the Warthog, is a twin-engine aircraft
that provides close-air support of ground forces and employs a wide variety of conventional munitions including general-purpose
bombs. This simple, effective and survivable single-seat aircraft can be used against all ground targets, including tanks and
other armored vehicles. On August 21, 2019, Boeing announced that it had received an Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity IDIQ contract award from the USAF with a maximum contract value of 999 million to manage the production of up to 112 new wing sets
and spares kits for A-10 aircraft, and the USAF ordered 27 wing sets from Boeing immediately at contract award. In 2019, CPI Aero
announced the receipt of an IDIQ contract with a maximum ceiling value of 48 million from Boeing for structural assemblies for
the A-10. Under the terms of the IDIQ contract, CPI Aero will manufacture major structural subassemblies of the A-10 aircraft s
wing. The Company also announced that it had received initial purchase orders under the IDIQ contract valued at approximately
 6 million for the production of four shipsets of assemblies and associated program start-up costs. In May 2020, CPI Aero announced
the receipt of additional purchase orders totaling approximately 14 million from Boeing. In March of 2022, CPI Aero announced
the receipt of additional purchase orders totaling approximately 3.2 million, bringing the total purchase orders received to
 23.4 million. 

F-35
Lightning II: The Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II is a family of single-seat, single-engine, all-weather stealth multirole
fighter aircraft that provides unmatched multi-role capability, survivability, and connectivity with data sharing capabilities
essential for joint all-domain operations. Current DOD plans call for acquiring a total of 2,456 F-35s. U.S. allies are expected
to purchase hundreds of additional F-35s, with eight nations participating as cost-sharing partners in the program with the United
States, and six other nations allied with the U.S. purchasing the F-35 via foreign military sales agreements with the DOD. The
Company has two significant contracts for products used on the F-35. In 2015, CPI Aero was awarded a multi-year contract to supply
four different lock assemblies for the arresting gear door on the F-35C Carrier Take Off and Landing variant. CPI Aero made its
first delivery under that contract in May 2017. In 2018, the Company received a new long-term agreement valued at approximately
 8 million for lock assemblies to be delivered between 2020 and 2024. In November 2017, CPI Aero was awarded an additional 15.8
million multi-year contract to manufacture canopy activation drive shaft assemblies for the F-35A, F-35B, and F-35C variants. 

UH-60
 BLACK HAWK : The Sikorsky UH-60 BLACK HAWK helicopter is the leader in multi-mission rotary wing aircraft.
Among the mission configurations it serves are troop transport, medical evacuation, electronic warfare, attack, assault support,
and special operations. More than 4,000 BLACK HAWK helicopters are in use today, operating in 29 countries. CPI Aero manufactures
several different structural assemblies, including welded structure for the BLACK HAWK. The majority of CPI Aero s contracts
for the BLACK HAWK are as a Tier 1 supplier to Sikorsky. The Company also is a Tier 2 supplier to GKN Aerospace for products ultimately
used on the BLACK HAWK. In 2017, CPI Aero received an approximately 21 million long-term agreement through 2022 for the production
of fuel panel assemblies, work it has performed for Sikorsky since 2010. Also in 2017, the Company received an 8 million long-term
agreement through 2022 to manufacture machine gunner window assemblies for the BLACK HAWK, continuing work it has performed since
2010. A third five-year long-term agreement was awarded in January 2022, also for gunner window assemblies, estimated at 13.6
million with a period of performance from 2023-2027. Also, since October 2018, CPI Aero has received multiple purchase orders
totaling 22 million for hover infrared suppression system HIRSS module assemblies for use as spares on older
variants of the BLACK HAWK. The HIRSS is a defensive countermeasures system that is integral to the survival of the BLACK HAWK
by reducing the opportunity for an infrared-seeking threat system to acquire, lock onto, track, and destroy the aircraft. Finally,
in May 2021, the Company announced receiving a multi-year contract valued at up to 17.2 million for the repair and overhaul
of outboard stabilator assemblies in support of the Sikorsky MH-60 SEAHAWK . 

F-16V
Fighting Falcon: The Lockheed Martin F-16 is the world s most successful, combat-proven multirole fighter. Approximately
3,000 operational F-16s are in service today in 25 countries. The F-16V is a new variant, sold exclusively to international air
forces and is the most technologically advanced fourth generation fighter in the world. In 2019, the Company announced it had
been awarded a multi-year contract by Lockheed Martin to manufacture rudder island and drag chute canister RI/DCC assemblies for the F-16V. The RI/DCC is a large structural sub-assembly that is installed on the tail section of the aircraft.
Deliveries began in 2021 and will continue through 2024. In June 2020, the Company announced that it had been awarded an order
from Lockheed Martin as part of the previously announced multi-year contract to manufacture RI/DCC assemblies for new production
F-16 Block 70/72 aircraft, in March 2021 the Company announced that it had received an additional order for these assemblies for
 9.2 million and in November 2022, the Company announced another follow-on order for these assemblies for 4 million. The total
value of the RI/DCC program multi-year contract is approximately 25 million. 

7 

Given
the strength of Lockheed Martin s international sales forecast for the F-16, we believe a follow-on to the existing multi-year
contract is possible. 

CH-53K
King Stallion: The CH-53K is a heavy-lift helicopter being developed by Sikorsky for the U.S. Marine Corps. We manufacture
composite electronics racks as a Tier 2 supplier to Spirit AeroSystems, Inc., the manufacturer of the CH-53K cockpit and cabin.
Through December 31, 2022, we had received orders valued at more than 2.7 million from Spirit AeroSystems, Inc. 

In
addition, the Company also manufactures welded tubes for the CH-53K as a Tier 1 supplier to Sikorsky. As of December 31, 2022,
the total value of orders received was 0.8 million. These tubes will also be required for the multi-year on this program. A component
of this statement of work also includes CPI Aero intellectual property. 

Undisclosed
Pod Structure: In 2019, the Company received an initial purchase order from Raytheon to manufacture pod structures for
an undisclosed application. The value of the order was approximately 2.3 million for manufacturing engineering services, development
of assembly tooling, and the production of the prototypes. The undisclosed pod structure is currently under development. In October
2021, the Company announced that Raytheon awarded the Company an approximately 6 million contract modification that changes the
scope of work the Company would perform and increases the quantity of pods to be produced. 

Undisclosed
Vehicle: In 2018, the Company started production of a welded tank for NGC for an undisclosed application on an undisclosed
platform. The total value of orders received as of December 31, 2022 is approximately 3.2 million. 

B-52
Radar Rack: In late 2021, the Company received an initial purchase order from Raytheon to manufacture radar rack structures
for the B-52 Radar Modernization Program. The value of the order was approximately 4.0 million for manufacturing engineering
services, development of assembly tooling, and the production of the initial units. The Radar Rack structure is currently under
development with initial delivery expected in 2023. We believe the potential total value of the program to be approximately 20.0
million. 

Military
Aircraft Prime Contracts with U.S. Government 

F-16
 Fighting Falcon : Since 2014, we have been a prime contractor to the DLA to provide structural wing components
and logistical support for global F-16 aircraft MRO operations. Through December 31, 2022, we had received almost 15 million
in orders on this program. 

T-38
Pacer Classic III, Phase 2: For more than 50 years, the NGC T-38 has been the principal supersonic jet trainer used by
the USAF. The T-38C Pacer Classic III Fuselage Structural Modification Kit Integration program PC III and the
Talon Repair Inspection and Maintenance TRIM program are expected to increase the structural service life of the
T-38 beyond 2030. In 2015, CPI Aero was awarded Phase 2 of PC III and has received purchase orders valued at approximately 2
million from the USAF to provide structural modification kits for the PC III aircraft structural modification program. Through
December 31, 2022, we have received approximately 23 million in orders on this program. 

T-38
Pacer Classic III, Phase 3 and TRIM: In July 2019, the Company announced a new 65.7 million IDIQ contract from the USAF
for the final phase of PC III as well as TRIM. The TRIM program is a separate USAF structural modification effort that will extend
the structural service life of T-38A and T-38 model types, as well as T-38C models that were not modified during PC III. Through
December 31, 2020, the Company had received orders valued at approximately 15.3 million for the PC III, Phase 3 and TRIM programs,
and in 2021, the Company announced it had received three separate orders for additional requirements valued at approximately 16.2
million. In addition, CPI Aero received orders valued at approximately 2.3 million in 2022, bringing total orders under this
long term contract to approximately 34 million. 

Commercial
Aircraft Subcontracts with Prime Contractors 

Embraer
Phenom 300 : The Phenom 300 is a twin-engine, executive jet produced by Brazilian aircraft company Embraer that can carry
between six and 10 passengers and a crew of two. We have been producing engine inlet assemblies for Embraer under a long-term
agreement we entered into in 2012. We have received approximately 49 million in orders on this program through December 31, 2022.
We estimate the potential value of the program to be in excess of 56 million. 

Gulfstream
G650/G650ER/G700 : The Gulfstream G650 is a twin-engine business jet airplane produced by Gulfstream
Aerospace that can be configured to carry from 11 to 18 passengers. Gulfstream began the G650 program in 2005 and revealed it
to the public in 2008. The G650 is Gulfstream s largest and fastest business jet. The G650ER is an extended range version
of the aircraft. In 2020, Gulfstream announced the launch of a new derivative the G700. In March 2008, Spirit AeroSystems, Inc.
awarded us a contract to provide fixed leading edges for the Gulfstream G650 business jet, and derivative models, a commercial
program that Spirit was supporting. In December 2014, Spirit transferred its work-scope on this program to Triumph Group. Due
to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, in May 2020, Triumph Group cancelled nearly all open orders with the Company. On May 27,
2020, Triumph Group announced it had reached an agreement in principle to sell the G650 wing program to Gulfstream Aerospace,
and on June 12, 2020, we received a joint communication from Gulfstream Aerospace and Triumph Group that stated Gulfstream s
intention to continue to purchase G650 wing components from the Company. Since October of 2020, we received purchase orders directly
from Gulfstream for wing components for use on the G650, G650ER and/or G700 aircraft valued at approximately 4 million. The Company
completed deliveries to Gulfstream in 2022. 

8 

Backlog 

We
produce custom assemblies pursuant to long-term contracts and customer purchase orders. Funded backlog consists of aggregate funded
values under such contracts and purchase orders, excluding the portion previously included in operating revenues pursuant to Accounting
Standards Codification Topic 606 ASC 606 ). Unfunded backlog is the estimated amount of future orders under the
expected duration of the program. Substantially all of our unfunded backlog is subject to termination at will and rescheduling,
without significant penalty. Funds are often appropriated for programs or contracts on a yearly or quarterly basis, even though
the contract may call for performance that is expected to take a number of years. Therefore, our funded backlog does not include
the full value of our contracts. 

The
total backlog at December 31, 2022 is primarily comprised of long-term programs with Raytheon (NGJ-MB; Advanced Tactical Pods,
B-52 Radar Rack), USAF (T-38), Boeing (A-10), Sikorsky (UH-60 and CH-53K), NGC (E-2D), Lockheed Martin (F-16; F-35), Collins Aerospace
(MS-110 and TacSAR pods) and Embraer (Phenom 300). Funded backlog is primarily from purchase orders under long-term contracts
with the USAF (T-38), Boeing (A-10), Sikorsky (UH-60), Raytheon (NGJ-MB, Advanced Tactical Pods, B-52 Radar Rack), Lockheed Martin
(F-16; F-35), NGC (E-2D), Collins Aerospace (MS-110 and TacSAR pods) and Embraer (Phenom 300). 

Our
total backlog as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 

Backlog (Total) 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Funded 
 122,148,000 
 134,722,000 
 
 Unfunded 
 392,352,000 
 366,997,000 
 
 Total 
 514,500,000 
 501,719,000 

Approximately
98 of the total amount of our backlog at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 was attributable to government contracts. Our backlog
attributable to government contracts at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 

Backlog (Government) 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Funded 
 119,133,000 
 132,499,000 
 
 Unfunded 
 384,652,000 
 358,133,000 
 
 Total 
 503,785,000 
 490,632,000 

Our
backlog attributable to commercial contracts at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 

Backlog (Commercial) 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Funded 
 3,015,000 
 2,223,000 
 
 Unfunded 
 7,700,000 
 8,864,000 
 
 Total 
 10,715,000 
 11,087,000 

Material
and Parts 

We
subcontract production of substantially all parts incorporated into our products to third-party manufacturers under firm fixed
price orders. Our decision to purchase certain components generally is based upon whether the components are available to meet
required specifications at a cost and with a delivery schedule consistent with customer requirements. From time to time, we are
required to purchase custom made parts from sole suppliers and manufacturers in order to meet specific customer requirements. 

We
obtain our raw materials from several commercial sources. Although certain items are only available from limited sources of supply,
we believe that the loss of any single supplier would not have a material adverse effect on our business. 

9 

COVID-19
Coronavirus Pandemic Impact on Our Business 

The
outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization during our first quarter of 2020.
During the latter part of that quarter and subsequent to that quarter end, the COVID-19 pandemic grew, causing non-essential businesses
to shut down and many people to observe the shelter-in-place directive from our state government. Our business and operations
and the industries in which we operate have been impacted by public and private sector policies and initiatives in the U.S. to
address the transmission of COVID-19, such as the imposition of travel restrictions and the adoption of remote work. The COVID-19
pandemic has contributed to a general slowdown in the global economy, continued supply chain challenges and an adverse impacts
to the businesses of certain of our customers and suppliers. During 2020 in response to the COVID-19 impact on our business, we
took actions to preserve capital and protect the long-term needs of our businesses, including negotiating progress payments with
our customers and reducing discretionary spending. 

During
2021 and 2022, we continued to follow and adapt measures implemented in 2020 in an attempt to reduce the adverse effects of COVID-19
on our business, workplace and workforce. For example, we have curtailed discretionary spending and business travel, and taken
other steps to preserve cash. We have also taken action to more closely manage the flow of materials to be more responsive to
unanticipated changes in customer delivery schedules. Since May 2021, we have experienced a decrease in the impact of COVID-19.
However, we do continue to experience employees and business partners with new COVID-19 diagnoses on an intermittent basis and
we take needed steps to mitigate these impacts on the Company s operation as they occur. 

For
more information on the current and potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, see Risk Factors included in Part
I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Government
Regulation 

Environmental
Regulation 

We
are subject to regulations administered by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration,
various state, county, and local agencies acting in cooperation with federal and state authorities. Among other things, these
regulatory bodies impose restrictions to control air, soil, and water pollution, to protect against occupational exposure to chemicals,
including health and safety risks, and to require notification or reporting of the storage, use, and release of certain hazardous
chemicals and substances. The extensive regulatory framework imposes compliance burdens and risks on us. Governmental authorities
have the power to enforce compliance with these regulations and to obtain injunctions or impose civil and criminal fines in the
case of violations. 

The
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA imposes strict, joint and
several liability on the present and former owners and operators of facilities that release hazardous substances into the environment.
The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 RCRA regulates the generation, transportation, treatment, storage,
and disposal of hazardous waste. In New York State, the handling, storage, and disposal of hazardous substances are governed by
the Environmental Conservation Law, which contains the New York counterparts of CERCLA and RCRA. In addition, the Occupational
Safety and Health Act, which requires employers to provide a place of employment that is free from recognized and preventable
hazards that are likely to cause serious physical harm to employees, obligates employers to provide notice to employees regarding
the presence of hazardous chemicals and to train employees in the use of such substances. 

Our
operations require the use of a limited amount of chemicals and other materials for painting and cleaning, including solvents
and thinners, which are classified under applicable laws as hazardous chemicals and substances. We follow all federal, state and
local rules and regulations regarding the disposal of these chemicals and associated waste. We have obtained a permit from the
Town of Islip, New York, Building Division in order to maintain a paint booth containing flammable liquids. 

Federal
Aviation Administration Regulation 

We
are subject to regulation by the Federal Aviation Administration FAA under the provisions of the Federal Aviation
Act of 1958, as amended. The FAA prescribes standards and licensing requirements for aircraft and aircraft components. We are
subject to inspections by the FAA and may be subjected to fines and other penalties (including orders to cease production) for
noncompliance with FAA regulations. Our failure to comply with applicable regulations could result in the termination of or our
disqualification from some of our contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Government
Contract Compliance 

Our
government contracts and sub-contracts are subject to the procurement rules and regulations of the U.S. Government. Many of the
contract terms are dictated by these rules and regulations. Specifically, cost-based pricing is determined under the Federal Acquisition
Regulation FAR ), which provide guidance on the types of costs that are allowable in establishing prices for goods
and services under U.S. Government contracts. For example, costs such as those related to charitable contributions, advertising,
interest expense, and public relations are unallowable, and therefore not recoverable through sales. During and after the fulfillment
of a government contract, we may be audited in respect of the direct and allocated indirect costs attributed thereto. These audits
may result in adjustments to our contract costs. Additionally, we may be subject to U.S. Government inquiries and investigations
because of our participation in government procurement. Any inquiry or investigation can result in fines or limitations on our
ability to continue to bid for government contracts and fulfill existing contracts. We believe that we are in compliance with
all federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing our operations and have obtained all material licenses and permits
required for the operation of our business. 

10 

The
U.S. Government generally has the ability to terminate our contracts, in whole or in part, without prior notice, for convenience
or for default based on performance. If a U.S. Government contract were to be terminated for convenience, we generally would be
protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contract and profit on those costs, but not the anticipated
profit that would have been earned had the contract been completed. In the unusual circumstance where a U.S. Government contract
does not have such termination protection, we attempt to mitigate the termination risk through other means. Termination resulting
from our default may expose us to liability and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete for other contracts.
The U.S. Government also has the ability to stop work under a contract for a limited period of time for its convenience. In the
event of a stop work order, we generally would be protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contract
to date and for costs associated with the temporary stoppage of work on the contract. However, such temporary stoppages and delays
could introduce inefficiencies for which we may not be able to negotiate full recovery from the U.S. Government, and could ultimately
result in termination for convenience or reduced future orders on certain contracts. Additionally, we may be required to continue
to perform for some period of time on certain of our U.S. Government contracts, even if the U.S. Government is unable to make
timely payments. 

Insurance 

We
maintain a 2.0 million general liability insurance policy, a 100 million products liability insurance policy, and a 5.0 million
umbrella liability insurance policy. Additionally, we maintain 10.0 million of director and officers liability insurance.
We believe this coverage is adequate for claims that have been and may be brought against us, and for the types of products presently
marketed because of the strict inspection standards imposed on us by our customers before they take possession of our products.
Additionally, the FAR generally provide that we will not be held liable for any loss of or damage to property of the U.S. Government
that occurs after the U.S. Government accepts delivery of our products and that results from any defects or deficiencies in our
products unless the liability results from willful misconduct or lack of good faith on the part of our managerial personnel. 

Proprietary
Information 

None
of our current assembly processes or products is protected by patents. We rely on proprietary know-how and information and employ
various methods to protect the processes, concepts, ideas, and documentation associated with our products. These methods, however,
may not afford complete protection and there can be no assurance that others will not independently develop such processes, concepts,
ideas, and documentation. 

CPI
Aero is a registered trademark of the Company. 

Human
Capital Management 

Our
ability to attract, develop and retain top talent across all of our business functions, and particularly in highly technical areas,
has a significant impact on organizational success. Accordingly, our human capital management strategy places a significant focus
on both attracting a diverse, highly skilled workforce and engaging and developing talent from within by creating a work environment
that promotes inclusion and equitability. By providing our valued employees the opportunity to enhance their skillsets, develop
their careers and pursue excellence through numerous training and development opportunities, we consistently emphasize the importance
of innovation and continuous improvement throughout our organization. 

We
attract and compensate our employees by offering a competitive total rewards package which includes benefits, resources, and programs
that support health, physical, mental, and financial wellness. The benefits package we offer, coupled with employee recognition
opportunities and employee engagement activities help create a comprehensive employee experience. We periodically benchmark our
benefits programs and associated costs to remain competitive. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 208 full-time employees as compared to 249 full-time employees as of December 31, 2021. On an as-needed
basis, we employ temporary personnel with specialized disciplines to fill staffing gaps. We do not have any employees represented
by a union, and we believe that our relations with our employees are good. We provide our team members with ongoing opportunities
to share thoughts and perspectives on company and employment-related matters through surveys, all-hands meetings, and management
open door policies. Our management, with oversight from the Compensation and Human Resources Committee of our board of directors,
monitors the hiring, retention, and management of our employees and regularly conducts succession planning to ensure that we continue
to cultivate the pipeline of talent needed to operate our business. 

In
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we began allowing employees to work from home and made changes to shift work to promote social
distancing among our manufacturing personnel. We are implementing a continuing work from home program to provide our employees
with flexibility and a competitive work benefit. We are prepared to implement shift changes should an uptick in COVID-19 require
such a response. 

11 

During
the first quarter of 2022, the Company implemented a cost reduction initiative designed to improve operational efficiency and
reduce costs during fiscal year 2022. Management has reallocated resources and reduced operating and general administrative expenses
to more properly align the Company s costs to revenue given the timing differences between the conclusion of certain mature
programs and the commencement of new programs in 2022. In connection with the cost reduction initiative, the Company executed
a headcount reduction and furlough action in March 2022 and implemented cost controls and cuts during the balance of fiscal year
2022. The Company recorded severance costs related to the headcount reduction in its first fiscal quarter of 2022 and the cost
reductions of these actions positively impacted the financial results of the Company beginning in the second fiscal quarter of
2022. 

Diversity
and Inclusion 

We
value diversity and inclusion in our workforce as we understand that diversity of background, thought, and experience leads to
greater innovation and improved business results. We are committed to increasing and retaining diversity at all levels of our
workforce, and focus on diversity and inclusion throughout our recruitment, hiring, and
onboarding processes. Over the last two years, we have increased diversity on our board of directors by 16 and executive management
team by 40 . 

Across
our total employee population and based on employees who self-identify, as of December 31, 2022, approximately 20 of our workforce
are female, 33 are multicultural and 5 are veterans. 

Safety

Ensuring
the safety and well-being of our employees is a top priority. The goal of our safety program is to increase safety knowledge and
awareness throughout the organization to ensure occupational health, reduce risk, and prevent incidents. We regularly benchmark
our safety performance, self-audit our safety compliance, and provide our employees with safety-related training. We conduct an
investigation, including root cause analysis and corrective action, any time a safety incident or a near miss occurs. 

Our
Safety Committee is comprised of employees from various disciplines throughout the organization who meet on a regular basis to
execute continuous improvement strategies, develop methods to increase ownership of safety throughout the organization, establish
new safety initiatives, and assess safety performance. 

We
monitor the effectiveness of our safety program by comparing recordable incidents and incident severity year over year. We measure
the number of safety incidents with the total recordable incident rate TRIR metric and the severity of incidents
with the days away restricted and transferred DART metric. The table below represents our result from the two
most recent calendar years: 

Safety
 Metric 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 TRIR 
 2.6 
 2.0 
 
 DART 
 1.3 
 2.0 

TRIR
= total number of recordable cases x 200,000 / total hours worked 

DART
= number of cases with days away from work x 200,000 / total hours worked by all employees 

Community
Involvement 

Having
a positive impact on the community around us is one of our most important values. We donate to local charitable organizations,
such as United Way of Long Island, through both monetary contributions, as well as drives to collect and deliver
employee donated food and school supplies. We actively engage and educate local high school students from surrounding districts
about the manufacturing and engineering industry and career trajectory. This includes, hosting educational experiences and shop
tours with high school and trade school classes, participating in career development fairs and other industry events, and offering
internship and apprenticeship opportunities for students from local trade schools. In addition to educational involvement, members
of our leadership team participate on the boards of the local aviation college and trade associations that support and advance
the interests of the local community. 

Item
1A. RISK FACTORS 

In
addition to other risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following material risk factors should
be carefully considered in evaluating our business because such factors may have a significant impact on our business, operating
results, liquidity, and financial condition. As a result of the risk factors set forth below, actual results did and could continue
to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. 

12 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
depend on government contracts for a significant portion of our revenues. 

We
are a supplier, either directly or as a subcontractor, to the U.S. Government and its agencies. We depend on government contracts
for a significant portion of our business. If we are suspended or barred from contracting with the U.S. Government, if our reputation
or relationship with individual federal agencies were impaired, whether due to the recent restatements and errors in our financial
statements or otherwise, or if the U.S. Government otherwise ceased doing business with us or significantly decreased the amount
of business it does with us, our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results would be materially adversely
affected. 

We
face risks relating to government contracts. 

The
funding of U.S. Government programs is subject to congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes. For many
programs, the U.S. Congress appropriates funds on a fiscal year basis even though a program may extend over several fiscal years.
Consequently, programs are often only partially funded initially and additional funds are committed only as Congress makes further
appropriations. Appropriations are driven by numerous factors, including geopolitical events, macroeconomic conditions, the ability
of the U.S. Government to enact relevant legislation, such as appropriations bills and continuing resolutions, and the threat
or existence of a government shutdown. U.S. Government appropriations for our programs and for defense spending generally may
be impacted or delayed by the COVID-19 pandemic as governmental priorities and finances change. We cannot predict the extent to
which total funding and/or funding for individual programs will be included, increased or reduced in budgets approved by
Congress or be included in the scope of separate supplemental appropriations. In the event that appropriations for any of
our programs becomes unavailable, or is reduced or delayed, our contract or subcontract under such program may be terminated or
adjusted by the U.S. Government, which could have a material adverse effect on our future sales under such program, and on
our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

We
also cannot predict the impact of potential changes in priorities due to military transformation and planning and/or the nature
of war-related activity on existing, follow-on, or replacement programs. A shift of government priorities to programs in which
we do not participate and/or reductions in funding for or the termination of programs in which we do participate, unless offset
by other programs and opportunities, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and
cash flows. 

In
addition, the U.S. Government generally has the ability to terminate contracts, completely or in part, without prior notice,
for convenience or for default based on performance. In the event of termination for the U.S. Government s convenience,
contractors are generally protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contracts and profit on those
costs but not the anticipated profit that would have been earned had the contract been completed. Termination by the U.S. Government
of a contract for convenience could also result in the cancellation of future work on that program. Termination by the U.S. Government
of a contract due to our default could require us to pay for re-procurement costs in excess of the original contract price, net
of the value of work accepted from the original contract. Termination of a contract due to our default may expose us to liability
and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete for contracts. Additionally, we are a subcontractor on some
U.S. Government contracts. In these arrangements, the U.S. Government could terminate the prime contract for convenience or otherwise,
without regard to our performance as a subcontractor. We can give no assurance that we would be awarded new U.S. Government contracts
to offset the revenues lost as a result of the termination of any of our U.S. Government contracts. 

We
have risks associated with competing in the bidding process for contracts. 

We
obtain many of our contracts through a competitive bidding process. In the bidding process, we face the following risks: 

we must bid on programs
 in advance of their completion, which may result in unforeseen technological difficulties or cost overruns; 

we must devote substantial
 time and effort to prepare bids and proposals for competitively awarded contracts that may not be awarded to us; and 

awarded contracts
 may not generate sales sufficient to result in profitability. 

Further
consolidation in the aerospace industry could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

The
aerospace and defense industry has experienced significant consolidation, including among our customers, competitors, and suppliers.
While we believe we have positioned our Company to take advantage of opportunities to market to a broad customer base, which we
believe will reduce the potential impact of industry consolidation, there can be no assurance that industry consolidation will
not impact our business. Consolidation among our customers may result in delays in the awarding of new contracts and losses of
existing business. Consolidation among our competitors may result in larger competitors with greater resources and market share,
which could adversely affect our ability to compete successfully. Consolidation among our suppliers may result in fewer sources
of supply and increased costs to us. 

13 

We
depend upon a select base of large prime defense contractors for the majority of our revenue, which subjects us to unique risks
which may adversely affect us. 

We
currently generate a majority of our revenues by producing products for numerous programs under contracts with three prime defense
contractors to the U.S. Government. These significant customers Lockheed Martin, Raytheon and NGC constituted
approximately 35 , 17 and 12 , respectively of our 2022 revenue. Our revenues from these customers are diversified over several
different aerospace and defense products, programs, and subsidiaries within these customers, however, any significant change in
production rates by any of these customers would have a material effect on our results of operations and cash flows. There is
no assurance that our current significant customers will continue to buy products from us at current levels, that we will retain
any or all our existing significant customers, or that we will be able to form new relationships with other customers upon the
loss of one or more of our existing significant customers. 

We
are subject to strict governmental regulations relating to the environment, which could result in fines and remediation expenses
in the event of non-compliance. 

We
are required to comply with extensive and frequently changing environmental regulations at the federal, state, and local levels.
Among other things, these regulatory bodies impose restrictions to control air, soil, and water pollution, to protect against
occupational exposure to chemicals, including health and safety risks, and to require notification or reporting of the storage,
use, and release of certain hazardous substances into the environment. This extensive regulatory framework imposes significant
compliance burdens and risks on us. In addition, these regulations may impose liability for the cost of removal or remediation
of certain hazardous substances released on or in our facilities without regard to whether we knew of, or caused, the release
of such substances. Furthermore, we are required to provide a place of employment that is free from recognized and preventable
hazards that are likely to cause serious physical harm to employees, provide notice to employees regarding the presence of hazardous
chemicals and to train employees in the use of such substances. Our operations require the use of a limited amount of chemicals
and other materials for painting and cleaning that are classified under applicable laws as hazardous chemicals and substances.
If we are found not to comply with any of these rules, regulations, or permits, we may be subject to fines, remediation expenses,
and the obligation to change our business practice, any of which could result in substantial costs that would adversely affect
our business operations and financial condition. 

We
may be subject to fines and disqualification for non-compliance with Federal Aviation Administration FAA regulations. 

We
are subject to regulation by the FAA under the provisions of the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, as amended. The FAA prescribes
standards and licensing requirements for aircraft and aircraft components. We are subject to inspections by the FAA and may be
subjected to fines and other penalties (including orders to cease production) for noncompliance with FAA regulations. Our failure
to comply with applicable regulations could result in the termination of or our disqualification from some of our contracts, which
could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 

If
our subcontractors or suppliers fail to perform their contractual obligations, our contract performance, and our ability to obtain
future business and our profitability could be materially and adversely impacted. 

Most
of our contracts involve subcontracts with other companies upon which we rely to perform a portion of the services that we must
provide to our customers. There is a risk that we may have disputes with our subcontractors, including disputes regarding the
quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, customer concerns about the subcontract, our failure to extend
existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract, our hiring of personnel of a subcontractor, or disputes concerning
payment. A failure by one or more of our subcontractors to satisfactorily provide on a timely basis the agreed-upon supplies or
perform the agreed-upon services may materially and adversely affect our ability to fulfill our obligations as the prime contractor.
Subcontractor performance deficiencies could result in a customer eliminating our ability to progress bill or terminate our contract
for default. A prohibition on progress billing may have an adverse effect upon our cash flow and profitability and a default termination
could expose us to liability and have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. In
addition, a delay in our ability to obtain components and equipment parts from our suppliers may affect our ability to meet our
customers needs and may have a material adverse effect upon our profitability. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted,
and continues to impact, our supply chain, as described below. 

Due
to fixed contract pricing, increasing contract costs exposes us to reduced profitability and the potential loss of future business. 

Operating
margin is adversely affected when contract costs that cannot be billed to customers are incurred. This cost growth can occur
if estimates to complete a contract increase due to technical challenges or if initial estimates used for calculating the contract
price were incorrect. The cost estimation process requires significant judgment and expertise. Reasons for cost growth may
include unavailability and productivity of labor, the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, the effect of change
orders, the availability and cost of materials, the effect of any delays in performance, availability, and timing of funding from
the customer, natural disasters, pandemics, and the inability to recover any claims included in the estimates to complete. A significant
increase in cost estimates on one or more programs could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of
operations. 

14 

We
use estimates when accounting for contracts. Changes in estimates may affect our profitability and our overall financial position. 

We
primarily recognize revenue from our contracts over the contractual period pursuant to ASC 606. Pursuant to ASC 606, revenue and
gross profit are recognized as work is performed based on the relationship between actual costs incurred and total estimated costs
at the completion of the contract. Recognized revenues that will not be billed under the terms of the contract until a later date
are recorded on our consolidated balance sheet as an asset captioned Contract assets. Contracts where billings to
date have exceeded recognized revenues are recorded on our consolidated balance sheet as a liability captioned Contract
liabilities. Changes to the original estimates may be required during the term of the contract. Estimates are reviewed
quarterly and the effect of any change in the estimated gross margin percentage for a contract is reflected in the consolidated
financial statements for the period the change becomes known. ASC 606 requires the use of considerable estimates in determining
revenues and profits and in assigning the amounts to accounting periods. As a result, there can be a significant disparity between
earnings (both for accounting and taxes) as reported and actual cash received by us during any reporting period. 

We
continually evaluate all the issues related to the assumptions, risks and uncertainties inherent with the application of ASC 606;
however, there is no assurance that our estimates will be accurate. If our estimates are not accurate or a contract is terminated,
we will be forced to adjust revenue in later periods. Furthermore, even if our estimates are accurate, we may have a shortfall
in our cash flow and we may need to borrow money to pay for costs until the reported earnings materialize to actual cash receipts. 

If
the contracts associated with our backlog were terminated, our financial condition and results of operations would be adversely
affected. 

The
maximum contract value specified under each contract that we enter is not necessarily indicative of the revenues that we will
realize under that contract. Because we may not receive the full amount we expect under a contract, we may not accurately estimate
our backlog because the earnings of revenues on programs included in backlog may never occur or may change. Cancellations of pending
contracts or terminations or reductions of contracts in progress would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects,
financial condition, or results of operations. 

We
may be unable to attract and retain personnel who are key to our operations. 

Our
success, among other things, is dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified senior officers and employees
at all levels. Competition for key personnel is intense. Our ability to attract and retain senior officers and experienced, top
rate employees is dependent on several factors, including prevailing market conditions and compensation and benefit packages offered
by companies competing for the same talent and our reputation in the industry. If our reputation is adversely affected, we may
be unable to recruit, hire, and retain talented personnel. The inability to hire and retain these people may adversely affect
our production operations and other aspects of our business. 

We
are subject to intense competition for the skilled technicians necessary to manufacture our products. 

We
are subject to intense competition for the services of skilled technicians necessary to manufacture our products. The demand for
these individuals may increase as other manufacturers seek to bring to the U.S. manufacturing processes currently outsourced overseas.
If the U.S. economy continues to undergo a period of inflation, our labor costs may increase which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to the cyclical nature of the commercial aerospace industry, and any future downturn in the commercial aerospace industry
or general economic conditions, including related to COVID-19 and inflation could adversely impact the demand for our products. 

Our
business may be affected by certain characteristics and trends of the commercial aerospace industry or general economic conditions
that affect our customers, such as the current inflationary and high interest rate environment in the U.S. and the resultant impacts
on the supply chain, the labor market and the general economy, as well as persistent or new impacts related to COVID-19 as referred
to elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, fluctuations in the aerospace industry s business cycle, varying fuel and
labor costs, intense price competition and regulatory scrutiny, certain trends, including a possible decrease in aviation activity
and a decrease in outsourcing by aircraft manufacturers, or the failure of projected market growth to materialize or continue.
If these characteristics and trends adversely affect customers in the commercial aerospace industry, they may reduce the overall
demand for our products. 

Our
working capital requirements may negatively affect our liquidity and capital resources. 

Our
working capital requirements can vary significantly, depending in part on the timing of new program awards and the payment terms
with our customers and suppliers. If our working capital needs exceed our cash flows from operations, we would look to our cash
balances and availability for borrowings under our credit facility to satisfy those needs, as well as potential sources of additional
capital, which may not be available on satisfactory terms and in adequate amounts, if at all. See Risks Related to Our
Indebtedness and Liquidity below. 

15 

We
incur risks associated with new programs. 

New
programs with new technologies typically carry risks associated with design changes, development of new production tools, increased
capital and funding commitments, ability to meet customer specifications, delivery schedules and unique contractual requirements,
supplier performance, ability of the customer to meet its contractual obligations to us, and our ability to accurately estimate
costs associated with such programs. In addition, any new program may not generate sufficient demand or may experience technological
problems or significant delays in the regulatory or other certification or manufacturing and delivery schedule. If we were unable
to perform our obligations under new programs to the customer s satisfaction, if we were unable to manufacture products
at our estimated costs, or if a new program in which we had made a significant investment was terminated or experienced weak demand,
delays, or technological problems, then our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected. This risk includes the potential for default, quality problems, or inability to meet specifications, as well as our
inability to negotiate final pricing for program changes and could result in low margin or forward loss contracts, and the risk
of having to write-off contract assets if they were deemed to be unrecoverable. In addition, beginning new work on existing programs
also carries risk associated with the transfer of technology, knowledge, and tooling. 

To
perform on new programs, we may be required to expend up-front costs which may not have been negotiated in our selling price.
Additionally, we may have made margin assumptions related to those costs, that in the case of significant program delays and/or
program cancellations, or if we are not successful in negotiating favorable margin on scope changes, could cause us to experience
margin degradation which may be material, for costs that are not recoverable. Such charges and the loss of up-front costs could
have a material adverse impact on our liquidity. 

We
are presently classified as a small business and the loss of our small business status may adversely affect our ability to compete
for government contracts. 

We
are presently classified as a small business under the North American Industry Classification Systems NAICS industry
and product specific codes that are regulated in the U.S. by the Small Business Administration SBA ). We are not
considered a small business under all NAICS codes. While we do not presently derive a substantial portion of our business from
contracts that are set aside for small businesses, we are able to bid on small business set-aside contracts as well as contracts
that are open to non-small business entities. As the NAICS codes are periodically revised, it is possible that we may lose our
status as a small business. The loss of small business status would adversely affect our eligibility for special small business
programs and limit our ability to collaborate with other business entities which are seeking to team with small business entities
as may be required under a specific contract. 

Cyber
security attacks, internal system or service failures may adversely impact our business and operations. 

Any
system or service disruptions, including those caused by projects to improve our information technology systems, if not anticipated
and appropriately mitigated, could disrupt our business, and impair our ability to effectively provide products and related services
to our customers and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We could also be subject to systems failures, including
network, software, or hardware failures, whether caused by us, third-party service providers, intruders or hackers, computer viruses,
natural disasters, power shortages, or terrorist attacks. Cyber security threats are evolving and include, but are not limited
to, malicious software, phishing, and other unauthorized attempts to gain access to sensitive, confidential, or otherwise protected
information related to us or our products, customers, or suppliers, or other acts that could lead to disruptions in our business.
Because the techniques used by cyber-attackers to access or sabotage networks change frequently and may not be recognized until
launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these tactics. Any such failures to prevent or mitigate cyber-attacks
could cause loss of data and interruptions or delays in our business, cause us to incur remediation costs, or subject us to claims
and damage our reputation. In addition, the failure or disruption of our communications or utilities could cause us to interrupt
or suspend our operations or otherwise adversely affect our business. Although we utilize various procedures and controls to monitor
and mitigate the risk of these threats, including contracting with an outside cyber security firm to provide constant monitoring
of our systems, and training our employees to recognize attacks, there can be no assurance that these procedures and controls
will be sufficient. Our property and business interruption insurance may be inadequate to compensate us for all losses that may
occur because of any system or operational failure or disruption which would adversely affect our business, results of operations,
and financial condition. Moreover, expenditures incurred in implementing cyber security and other procedures and controls could
adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
ability to utilize our tax benefits could be substantially limited if we fail to generate sufficient income or if we experience
an ownership change. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 88.3 million of gross net operating losses NOLs for federal tax purposes
and approximately 25.0 million of post-apportionment NOLs for state tax purposes. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of
2017 and the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act of 2020, NOLs arising before January 1, 2018, and NOLs arising
after January 1, 2018, are subject to different rules. Our pre-2018 NOLs totaled approximately 78.9 million; these NOLs will
expire in varying amounts from 2034 through 2039, if not utilized, and can offset 100 of future taxable income for regular tax
purposes. Our NOLs arising in 2018, 2019 and 2020 can generally be carried back five years, carried forward indefinitely and can
offset 100 of taxable income for tax years before January 1, 2021 and up to 80 of taxable income for tax years after December
31, 2020. Any NOLs arising on or after January 1, 2021, cannot be carried back, can generally be carried forward indefinitely
and can offset up to 80 of future taxable income. 

16 

Our
ability to fully recognize the benefits from our NOLs is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient income prior to their
expiration. In addition, our NOL carryforwards may be limited if we experience an ownership change as defined by Section 382 of
the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 ). In general, an ownership change under Section 382 occurs if 5 shareholders
increase their collective ownership of the aggregate amount of our outstanding shares by more than 50 percentage points over a
relevant lookback period. The Company has completed a Section 382 analysis for the year ended December 31, 2022, and believes
that no ownership change occurred during the relevant lookback period that would limit our ability to use our NOLs. 

Product
liability claims in excess of insurance could adversely affect our financial results and financial condition . 

We
face potential liability for property damage, personal injury, or death as a result of the failure of products designed or manufactured
by us. Although we currently maintain product liability insurance (including aircraft product liability insurance), any material
product liability not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows. 

Increased
scrutiny from investors, lenders, and other market participants regarding our environmental, social, and governance, or sustainability
responsibilities could expose us to additional costs and adversely impact our liquidity, results of operations, reputation, employee
retention, and stock price. 

There
is an increasing focus from certain investors, customers, and other key stakeholders concerning corporate responsibility, specifically
related to environmental, social, and governance ESG factors. Some investors may use ESG criteria to guide their
investment strategies and, in some cases, may choose not to invest in us if they believe our policies relating to corporate responsibilities
are inadequate. 

The
ESG factors by which companies corporate responsibility practices are assessed may change. This could result in greater
expectations of us and cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria. If we are unable to satisfy the
new corporate responsibility criteria, investors may view our policies related to corporate responsibility as inadequate. We risk
damage to our reputation in the event our corporate responsibility procedures or goals do not meet the standards or goals set
by various constituencies. In addition, if our competitors corporate responsibility performance is perceived to be greater
than ours, potential or current investors may elect to invest in our competitors instead. Further, in the event we communicate
certain initiatives or goals related to ESG, we could fail, or be perceived to have failed, in our achievement of such initiatives
or goals. If we fail to satisfy the expectations of investors and other key stakeholders, or our initiatives are not executed
as planned, our reputation, employee retention, and willingness of our customers and suppliers to do business with us, financial
results, and stock price could be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks
Related to Our Indebtedness and Liquidity 

We
obtained amendments to and received waivers of and consents to non-compliance with certain covenants under our credit facility
with BankUnited and there can be no assurance that we will not fall out of compliance with our covenants in the future. 

The
Company was not in compliance with certain financial covenants under our credit facility (the BankUnited Facility 
or the Credit Agreement with BankUnited, N.A. BankUnited for the quarter ended March 31, 2021,
the year ended December 31, 2021, and the quarter ended March 31, 2022, and financial statement submission covenants for the quarters
ended March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021, and September 30, 2021, the year ended December 31, 2021, and the quarters ended March 31,
2022 and June 30, 2022 and obtained amendments to and received waivers of and consents to the non-compliance, as described in
more detail in Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
There can be no assurance that we will be in compliance with our covenants in the future or that BankUnited will grant further
waivers if we fall out of compliance or consents to future non-compliance. If we fall out of compliance with our banking covenants,
BankUnited may declare a default under the BankUnited Facility and, among other remedies, could declare the full amount of the
BankUnited Facility immediately due and payable and could foreclose against our collateral. If this were to occur, we may
be unable to secure outside financing, if needed, to fund ongoing operations and for other capital needs. Any sources of financing
that may be available to us could also be at higher costs and require us to satisfy more restrictive covenants, which could limit
or restrict our operations, cash flows, and earnings. We cannot ensure that additional financing would be available to us or be
sufficient or available on satisfactory terms. 

Our
capital requirements, liquidity and financial condition raise significant risks as to our ability to continue as a going concern . 

Our
working capital requirements can vary significantly, depending in part on the timing of the conclusion of mature programs and
new program awards and the payment terms with our customers and suppliers. There is currently no availability for borrowings under
the BankUnited Facility and the Company finances its operations from internally generated cash flow. Notes 8 and 9 to our consolidated
financial statements included in Part II - Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K includes a discussion regarding the BankUnited
Facility and recent amendments thereto. 

17 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming we will continue to operate as a going concern, which contemplates
the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. If we become unable to continue
as a going concern, we may have to liquidate our assets and the values we receive for our assets in liquidation or dissolution
could be significantly lower than the values reflected in our consolidated financial statements. I t
is management s estimation that there will likely not be any individual conditions or combination of events that will occur
in the coming year which would cause the Company to be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Our
cost of borrowing under the Credit Agreement is based on the Prime Rate of interest per annum published in the Money Rates section
of The Wall Street Journal (the Prime Rate plus the margin charged by our lender, and increases in the Prime Rate
negatively impact our profitability . 

Interest
rates under our Credit Agreement are based on the Prime Rate, and as a result, we have exposure to interest rate risk. Certain
central banks, such as the U.S. Federal Reserve, effected multiple interest rate increases in 2022 and have implemented and signaled
that further rate increases are likely to be implemented in 2023. Increases in interest rates increase our cost of borrowing and/or
potentially make it more difficult to refinance our existing indebtedness. 

Risks
Related to the Restatement of our Prior Period Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Weaknesses in our Internal Control 

We
restated our consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2018 and the years ended December 31, 2018,
2019, and 2020. These restatements have affected and may continue to affect investor confidence, our stock price, our ability
to raise capital in the future, and our reputation with our customers, have resulted and may continue to result in stockholder
litigation and may reduce customer confidence in our ability to complete new contract opportunities. 

In
February 2019, we filed an amended Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the nine months ended September 30, 2018, which included
a restatement of our financial statements for the period then ended. The restatement of such financial statements corrected an
overstatement of revenue in such period due to the miscoding of an invoice in the Company s records (the Coding Error ).
In August 2020, we filed an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, which included a restatement of our
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018 to correct certain errors relating to our recognition of revenue, which
errors resulted from an incorrect application of U.S. GAAP (the Revenue Recognition Error ). In November 2021, we
filed a comprehensive Form 10-K/A (the Comprehensive Form 10-K/A which included a restatement of our (i) consolidated
balance sheet as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, and the related consolidated statements of operations, cash flows,
and shareholders deficit for the years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, and (ii) consolidated balance sheets
and statements of shareholders deficit as of March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, and September 30, 2020, the related consolidated
statements of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2020, the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, and the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2020, and the consolidated statements of cash flows for the three, six, and nine month periods
ended March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, and September 30, 2020, respectively, and related disclosures to correct errors in such financial
statements relating to the recording and reporting of inventory costing and related internal controls (the Inventory Costing
Errors and resulting deficiencies in reserves (the Insufficient Reserves ). The Inventory Costing Errors
resulted from software processing and coding errors, inconsistent units of measure being used for quantities ordered and quantities
received of certain purchased parts, incorrect accruals to accounting periods of the cost of certain goods received, and the Company
not having a procedure to address over or under absorbed overhead costs at the end of accounting periods. The Insufficient Reserves
resulted from insufficient inventory reserves and provisions for loss contracts. The existence of the Coding Error, Revenue Recognition
Error, the Inventory Costing Errors, and the Insufficient Reserves, along with the related restatements, have had and may continue
to have the effect of eroding investor confidence in the Company and our financial reporting and accounting practices and processes,
have negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact the trading price of our common stock, have resulted and may continue
to result in stockholder litigation, may make it more difficult for us to raise capital on acceptable terms, if at all, and may
negatively impact our reputation with our customers and cause customers to place new orders with other companies. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting which did and could continue to adversely
affect our ability to report our financial condition and results of operations in a timely and accurate manner. 

As
described in Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting. The occurrence of any future errors, misstatements, or failures in internal control may also cause us to fail to meet
reporting obligations, negatively affect investor and customer confidence in our management and the accuracy of our financial
statements and disclosures, result in events of default under our banking agreements, or result in adverse publicity and concerns
from investors and customers, any of which could have a negative effect on the price of our common stock, subject us to regulatory
investigations and penalties or additional stockholder litigation, and have a material adverse impact on our business and financial
condition. 

18 

We
face litigation relating to the Revenue Recognition Error . 

Our
Company and certain of our current and former executive officers and directors are defendants in litigation arising out of the
Revenue Recognition Error in and restatements of our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018, and quarters ended
March 31, 2018, June 30, 2018, September 30, 2018, March 31, 2019, June 30, 2019, and September 30, 2019. Please see Part I, Item
3, Legal Proceedings. These proceedings may result in significant expenses and the diversion of management attention from our
business. We cannot ensure that additional litigation or other claims by shareholders will not be brought in the future arising
out of the same subject matter. 

We
are currently ineligible to file a registration statement on Form S-3 to register the offer and sale of securities, which could
adversely affect our ability to raise future capital. 

We
did not file our Quarterly Reports for the three months ended March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021, and September 30, 2021, our 2021
Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2022 (the 2022 Q1 Form
10-Q ), and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and six months ended June 30, 2022 (the 2022 Q2 Form
10-Q within the timeframes required by the SEC. We regained status as a current filer when we filed the 2022 Q2 Form 10-Q
and have filed subsequent periodic reports on a timely basis. However, we will not be considered a timely filer and will not be
eligible to file a short-form registration statement on Form S-3 to register the offer and sale of our securities until September
29, 2023 (twelve full calendar months from the date we regain status as a current filer). If we wish to register the offer and
sale of our securities to the public prior to such time, we will be required to use the long-form registration statement, Form
S-1, which may increase both our transaction costs and the amount of time required to complete the transaction. This may adversely
affect our ability to raise funds if we choose to do so. 

Risks
Related to Global Events 

The
impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic on our operations, supply chain, and customers has impacted and could continue to
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. 

On
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization announced that COVID-19 infections had become a pandemic, and on March 13, 2020,
the U.S. President announced a National Emergency relating to the disease. Federal, state, and local government responses to COVID-19
and our responses to the outbreak have all, at times, disrupted and will likely continue to disrupt our business, the business
of our customers and our supply chain. Even as efforts to contain the pandemic have made progress and many restrictions have relaxed,
new variants of the virus have arisen globally. At times, variants of COVID-19 have caused a surge in COVID-19 cases. The ultimate
impact of new variants that have emerged or could emerge from time to time, cannot be predicted at this time, and could depend
on numerous factors, including the availability of vaccines, vaccination rates among the population, the effectiveness of COVID-19
vaccines, and the responses by governmental bodies to impose or reinstate restrictive measures from time to time. Any detrimental
impacts of COVID-19 could materially increase our costs, negatively impact our sales, or damage the Company s financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows and its liquidity position, possibly to a significant degree. The duration of any
such impacts cannot be predicted because of the sweeping, on-going and uncertain nature of the circumstances involving the COVID-19
pandemic and the differing effects and responses to the pandemic by various governmental entities in the regions and countries
in which we operate. 

The
Russian invasion of Ukraine in 2022 and the retaliatory measures imposed by the U.S., United Kingdom, European Union and other
countries and the responses of Russia to such measures have caused significant disruptions to domestic and foreign economies. 

The
invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation had an immediate impact on the global economy resulting in higher prices for oil
and other commodities. The U.S., United Kingdom, European Union, and other countries responded to Russia s invasion of Ukraine
by imposing various economic sanctions and bans. Russia has responded with its own retaliatory measures. These measures have impacted
the availability and price of certain raw materials and transportation costs. The invasion and retaliatory measures also disrupted
economic markets. The global impact of these measures is continually evolving and cannot be predicted with certainty and there
is no assurance that Russia s invasion of Ukraine and responses thereto will not further disrupt the global economy and
supply chain. Further, there is no assurance that even when the invasion of Ukraine ceases, that nations will not continue to
impose sanctions and bans on other nations. 

While
these events have not interrupted our operations or materially impacted our ability to obtain raw materials, these or future developments
resulting from the invasion of Ukraine such as a cyberattack on the U.S., us or our suppliers, could make it difficult for or
increase the cost of certain raw materials and transportation costs, or make it difficult to access debt and equity capital on
attractive terms, if at all, and impact our ability to fund business activities and repay debt on a timely basis. 

Russia s
invasion of Ukraine may alter countries willingness to rely on others as the source of certain products and material. 

Historically,
prime contractors and OEMs in the U.S. A D industry have relied upon suppliers outside the U.S. for products and raw materials.
Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the economic disruption resulting from retaliatory measures may cause many of these companies
to rethink these strategies and seek sources of supply within the U.S. To the extent they do so, it could disrupt domestic markets
for raw materials and supplies, and the market for the skilled laborers we need to manufacture our products. 

19 

We
cannot forecast with any certainty whether the disruptions caused by the Russian invasion of Ukraine, restrictions imposed by
various governments in response thereto and resulting changes in business practices, may materially impact our business and our
consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Terrorist
acts and acts of war may seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

U.S.
and global responses to actual or potential military conflicts such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine, terrorism, perceived
nuclear, biological, and chemical threats and other global political crises increase uncertainties with respect to the U.S. and
other business and financial markets. Several factors associated, directly or indirectly, with actual or potential military conflicts,
terrorism, perceived nuclear, biological, and chemical and cyber threats, and other global political crises and responses thereto,
may adversely affect the mix of products purchased by defense departments in the U.S. or other countries to platforms not serviced
by us. A shift in defense budgets to product lines we do not produce could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

In
reading the risk factors set forth below, in each case, consider the additional uncertainties caused by global events such as
COVID-19 and the war in Ukraine and terrorist acts. 

Item
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

Item
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

CPI
Aero s executive offices and production facility is situated in an approximately 171,000 square foot building located at
91 Heartland Blvd., Edgewood, New York 11717. We use approximately 131,000 square feet of this building for manufacturing space
and 40,000 square feet for offices and laboratories for engineering and design work. CPI Aero occupies this facility under a lease
that expires on April 30, 2026. 

Item
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

Class
Action Lawsuit 

A consolidated
class action lawsuit (captioned Rodriguez v. CPI Aerostructures, Inc., et al. , No. 20-cv-01026) was filed in the
U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York against the Company; Douglas McCrosson, the Company s former Chief Executive
Officer; Vincent Palazzolo, the Company s former Chief Financial Officer; and the two underwriters of the Company s October
16, 2018 offering of common stock, Canaccord Genuity LLC and B. Riley FBR. The Amended Complaint in the action asserted claims on behalf
of two plaintiff classes: (i) purchasers of the Company s common stock issued pursuant to and/or traceable to the Company s
offering conducted on or about October 16, 2018; and (ii) purchasers of the Company s common stock between March 22, 2018 and February
14, 2020. The Amended Complaint alleged that the defendants violated Sections 11, 12(a)(2), and 15 of the Securities Act by negligently
permitting false and misleading statements to be included in the registration statement and prospectus supplements issued in connection
with its October 16, 2018 securities offering. The Amended Complaint also alleged that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Rule 10b-5 promulgated by the SEC, by making
false and misleading statements in the Company s periodic reports filed between March 22, 2018 and February 14, 2020. Plaintiff
sought unspecified compensatory damages, including interest; rescission or a rescissory measure of damages; unspecified equitable or injunctive
relief; and costs and expenses, including attorney s fees and expert fees. On February 19, 2021, the Company moved to dismiss the
Amended Complaint. Plaintiff submitted a brief in opposition to the motion to dismiss on April 23, 2021. 

On May 20, 2021,
the parties reached a settlement in the amount of 3,600,000, subject to court approval. On July 9, 2021, Plaintiff filed an unopposed
motion for preliminary approval of the settlement. On November 10, 2021, a magistrate judge recommended that the court grant the motion
for preliminary approval in its entirety. The Court adopted the recommendation on May 27, 2022, and entered an order granting preliminary
approval of the settlement on June 7, 2022. On August 5, 2022, the Plaintiff filed an unopposed motion for final approval. The magistrate
judge held a hearing on the final approval motion on September 9, 2022. On February 16, 2023, the magistrate judge recommended that the
Court grant the final approval motion in its entirety. The Court adopted that recommendation in its entirety on March 10, 2023, and terminated
the case on March 13, 2023. 

Shareholder Derivative Action 

Four shareholder
derivative actions, each based on substantially the same facts as those alleged in the class action discussed above, have been filed against
current members of our board of directors and certain of our current and former officers. 

The first action
(captioned Moulton v. McCrosson, et.al. , No. 20-cv-02092) was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
New York. It purports to assert derivative claims against the individual defendants for violations of Section 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange
Act, breach of fiduciary duty, and unjust enrichment and seeks to recover on behalf of the Company for any liability the Company might
incur as a result of the individual defendants alleged misconduct. The complaint also seeks declaratory, equitable, injunctive,
and monetary relief, as well as attorneys fees and other costs. On October 26, 2020, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint.
On January 27, 2021, the court stayed the action pursuant to a joint stipulation filed by the parties. 

The second action
(captioned Woodyard v. McCrosson, et al. , Index No. 613169/2020) was filed on September 17, 2020, in the Supreme Court of
the State of New York (Suffolk County). It purports to assert derivative claims against the individual defendants for breach of fiduciary
duty and unjust enrichment, and seeks to recover on behalf of the Company for any liability the Company might incur as a result of the
individual defendants alleged misconduct, along with declaratory, equitable, injunctive and monetary relief, as well as attorneys 
fees and other costs. On December 22, 2020, the parties filed a joint stipulation staying the action pending further developments in the
class action. 

The third action
(captioned Berger v. McCrosson, et al. , No. 1:20-cv-05454) was filed on November 10, 2020, in the U.S. District Court for
the Eastern District of New York. The complaint, which is based on the shareholder s inspection of certain corporate books and records,
purports to assert derivative claims against the individual defendants for breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment, and seeks to
implement reforms to the Company s corporate governance and internal procedures and to recover on behalf of the Company an unspecified
amount of monetary damages. The complaint also seeks equitable, injunctive, and monetary relief, as well as attorneys fees and
other costs. 

20 

On March 19,
2021, the parties to the Moulton and Berger actions filed a joint stipulation consolidating the actions (under the caption In
re CPI Aerostructures Stockholder Derivative Litigation , No. 20-cv-02092) and staying the consolidated action pending further developments
in the class action. 

The fourth action
(captioned Wurst v. Bazaar, et al. , Index No. 605244/2021) was filed on March 24, 2021, in the Supreme Court of the State
of New York (Suffolk County). The complaint purports to assert derivative claims against the individual defendants for breach of fiduciary
duty, unjust enrichment, and waste of corporate assets, and seeks to recover on behalf of the Company for any liability the Company might
incur as a result of the individual defendants alleged misconduct. The complaint also seeks declaratory, equitable, injunctive,
and monetary relief, as well as attorneys fees and other costs. On April 12, 2021, the parties filed a joint stipulation staying
the action pending further developments in the class action. 

On June 13,
2022, the plaintiffs in the consolidated federal action informed the court that the Company and all defendants had reached an agreement
in principle with all plaintiffs to settle the shareholder derivative lawsuits described above. On June 16, 2022, the plaintiffs
in the consolidated federal action filed an unopposed motion for preliminary approval of the settlement. On July 22, 2022, the Court referred
the motion to the magistrate judge. The magistrate judge held a conference on September 9, 2022 in the consolidated federal action. On
February 14, 2023, the magistrate judge recommended that the Court grant the motion in its entirety. 

On March 6, 2023, the court granted preliminary approval
of the proposed settlement. The proposed settlement is subject to final approval by the court. In
addition to requiring final approval by the court, the proposed settlement is subject to certain conditions, including the filing with
the SEC of the stipulation of settlement agreed to by the Company and plaintiff (the Stipulation of Settlement ), and sending
notice to potential class members. The terms of the proposed settlement are set forth in the Stipulation of Settlement. Should the proposed
settlement receive final approval from the Court, it will result in the dismissal of the shareholder derivative lawsuits. As part of the
proposed settlement, the Company has agreed to undertake (or confirm that it has undertaken already) certain corporate governance reforms.
In addition, the Company and/or its insurer have agreed to pay a total of 585,000 in attorneys fees to plaintiffs counsel. 

Litigation Settlement Obligation
and Insurance Recovery Receivable Pertaining to the Class Action Lawsuit and Shareholder Derivative Action 

The attorneys 
fees for both the Class Action Lawsuit and the Shareholder Derivative Action will be covered and paid by our directors and officers 
insurance carrier, after satisfaction of our 750,000 retention. As of December 31, 2022, we have previously paid and accrued to
our financial statements covered expenses totaling 750,000, and have therefore met our insurance carrier s directors and
officers retention requirement, which caps the Company s expenses pertaining to the class action suit at 750,000. As of
December 31, 2022, in order to reflect the amounts owed from our directors and officers insurance carrier and to the Plaintiffs,
we have recorded to our balance sheet a litigation settlement obligation of 3,600,000 and an insurance recovery receivable of 3,600,000
owing from the Company s insurance carrier to the Company with respect to the settlement obligation; this obligation and receivable
will be relieved from our balance sheet upon the payment of the settlement amount to the Plaintiff by our directors and officers 
insurance carrier. 

Item
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
shares of common stock are listed on the NYSE American exchange under the symbol CVU . On April 12, 2023, there were
593 holders of record of our shares of common stock. We believe there are substantially
more beneficial holders of our common stock. 

21 

Dividend
Policy 

To
date, we have not paid any dividends on our common stock. Any payment of dividends in the future is within the discretion of our
board of directors (subject to the limitation on dividends contained in the BankUnited Facility, as described more fully in Part
II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) and will depend on our
earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial condition and other relevant factors. Our board of directors does not
intend to declare any cash or other dividends in the foreseeable future, but intends instead to retain earnings, if any, for use
in our business operations. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There
have been no sales of unregistered equity securities for the three months ended December 31, 2022. There have been no repurchases
of our outstanding common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth certain information at December 31, 2022 with respect to our equity compensation plans that provide
for the issuance of options, warrants or rights to purchase our securities: 

Plan
 Category 
 
 Number
 of Securities to 
be Issued upon Exercise of 
Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants and Rights 
 
 Weighted-Average 

 Exercise Price of 
Outstanding Options, 
Warrants and Rights 
 
 Number
 of Securities 
Remaining Available for 
Future Issuance under 
Equity Compensation 
 Plans (excluding 
 securities reflected in the
 
first column) 
 
 Equity
 Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 

218,378 
 
 Equity Compensation
 Plans Not Approved by Security Holders 

Total 

218,378 

Long-term
equity incentives are an important component of compensation and are designed to align the interests of our executive officers
and directors who receive long-term equity awards with the Company s long-term performance and to increase shareholder value.
The Company has awarded long-term incentive compensation pursuant to two plans: 

2016
Long-Term Incentive Plan. The 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended, authorizes the grant of 1,400,000 shares of
our common stock, which may be granted in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, deferred stock,
stock reload options, and other stock-based awards, to employees, officers, directors, and consultants of the Company. As of December
31, 2022, we have granted 1,183,986 shares under this plan and 216,014 shares remained available for grant under this plan. 

Performance
Equity Plan 2009 . The Performance Equity Plan 2009 authorizes the grant of 500,000 stock options, stock appreciation
rights, restricted stock, deferred stock, stock reload options, and other stock-based awards. As of December 31, 2022, we have
granted 497,636 shares under this plan and 2,364 shares remained available for grant. 

Item
6. [RESERVED] 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained
in this discussion and analysis includes forward-looking statements involving risks and uncertainties and should be read together
with the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such risks and uncertainties could cause actual
results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following
discussion and analysis. 

Recent
Developments 

On
March 17, 2023, we received notice from NYSE American (the Exchange that the Company is in compliance with all
of the NYSE American LLC continued listing standards set forth in Part 10 of the NYSE American Company Guide Company Guide ),
and that, specifically, the Company has resolved the continued listing deficiency with respect to Sections 1003(a)(i) and (ii)
of the Company Guide referenced in the Exchange s letter to the Company dated September 17, 2021, which was previously disclosed
by the Company. 

22 

On
March 23, 2023, the Company entered into a Twelfth Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the Twelfth Amendment ). Under
the Twelfth Amendment, the parties amended the Credit Agreement by : (i) extending the maturity date of the Company s existing
revolving line of credit and its existing term loan to November 30, 2024 (under the terms of the Credit Agreement, the outstanding
principal balance of the term loan will be repaid by June 30, 2023); (ii) providing for reduction of the aggregate maximum principal
amount of all revolving line of credit loans to 20,520,000 from October 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023, 19,800,000 from January
1, 2024 through March 31, 2024, 19,080,000 from April 1, 2024 through June 30, 2024, 18,360,000 from July 1, 2024 through September
30, 2024, and 17,640,000 from October 1, 2024 and thereafter, and for payments to be made by the Company to comply therewith
(if any such payments are necessary), on the first day of each such period; and (iii) payment of a 250,000 capitalized fee incurred
in connection with the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement in two installments, the first installment to be paid on June
1, 2023 in the amount of 116,667 and the second installment to be paid July 1, 2023 in the amount of 133,333, together with
all unpaid interest accrued at the term loan interest rate on the capitalized fee through each such date. 

Business
Operations 

We
are engaged in the contract production of structural aircraft parts for fixed wing aircraft and helicopters in both the commercial
and defense markets. We also have a strong and growing presence in the aerosystems sector of the market, with our production of
various reconnaissance pod structures and fuel panel systems. Within the global aerostructure and aerosystem supply chain, we
are either a Tier 1 supplier to aircraft OEMs or a Tier 2 subcontractor to major Tier 1 manufacturers. We also are a prime contractor
to the U.S. DOD, primarily the USAF. In conjunction with our assembly operations, we provide engineering, program management,
supply chain management and kitting, and MRO services. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Revenue
Recognition 

In
accordance with ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue when it transfers control of a promised good or service to a customer
in an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to be entitled to in exchange for the good or service. The majority of
the Company s performance obligations are satisfied over time as the Company (i) sells products with no alternative use
to the Company and (ii) has an enforceable right to recover costs incurred plus a reasonable profit margin for work completed
to date. Under the overtime revenue recognition model, revenue and gross profit are recognized over the contract period as work
is performed based on actual costs incurred and an estimate of costs to complete and resulting total estimated costs at completion.
See Part II, Item 8, Note 2 Revenue Recognition in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in
this Form 10-K for additional information regarding the Company s revenue recognition policy. 

Inventory 

Inventory
is stated at the lower of cost or estimated net realizable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average method. The Company
capitalizes labor, material, subcontractor and overhead costs as work-in-process for contracts where control has not yet passed
to the customer. The Company regularly reviews inventory quantities on hand, future purchase commitments with its suppliers, and
the estimated usability for its inventory. If the Company s review indicates a reduction in usability below carrying value,
it reduces its net inventory to a new cost basis. 

Leases 

The
Company does not recognize right-of-use ROU assets or lease liabilities for existing short-term leases. In addition,
the Company does not separate lease and non-lease components for certain classes of assets (office building). 

The
Company s ROU assets and lease liabilities at December 31, 2022 were approximately 6.5 million and 6.9 million, respectively,
using an estimated incremental borrowing rate of 10.5 , as compared to ROU assets and lease liabilities as of December 31, 2021
of 7.8 million and 8.0 million, respectively. 

Goodwill 

In
testing goodwill for impairment, the Company has the option to begin with a qualitative assessment, commonly referred to as Step
0, to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit containing goodwill is less
than its carrying value. This qualitative assessment may include, but is not limited to, reviewing factors such as macroeconomic
conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, entity-specific financial performance and other events, such as
changes in the Company s management, strategy and primary customer base. If the Company determines that it is more likely
than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the Company performs a quantitative goodwill
impairment analysis by comparing the carrying amount to the fair value of the reporting unit. If the carrying amount exceeds the
fair value, goodwill will be written down to the fair value and recorded as impairment expense in the consolidated statements
of operations. The Company performs its impairment testing annually and when circumstances change that would more likely than
not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. The Company performed its annual impairment assessment
of goodwill as of December 31, 2022 and concluded that goodwill was not impaired. 

23 

Results
of Operations 

The
following discussion provides an analysis of our results of operations and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 

Revenue 

Revenue
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 83,335,764 compared to 103,369,544 for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing
a decrease of 20,033,780 or 19.4 . The decrease was primarily related to decreases in the
Raytheon - SDTA program, NGC E-2D MYP II and NGC E-2D WOWP programs, partly offset by increases in the Sikorsky HIRRS program . 

Revenue
generated from prime government contracts for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 8,663,308 compared to 7,551,743 for the year
ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,111,565, or 14.7 . This increase is primarily a result of increased revenue recognized
on the T-38 Pacer Classic program. 

Revenue
generated from government subcontracts for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 69,023,729 compared to 89,770,022 for the year
ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 20,746,293, or 23.1 . The decrease in revenue related to decreases in the NGC E-2D OWP
and WOWP programs and the Raytheon - SDTA program, partly offset by increases in the Sikorsky HIRRS program. 

Revenue
generated from commercial contracts for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5,648,727 compared to 6,047,779 for the year ended
December 31, 2021, a decrease of 399,052, or 6.6 . The decrease in revenue resulted from decreased revenue recognized on the
Gulfstream G650 and HondaJet programs, largely offset by increases in the Embraer Phenom 300 program. 

Cost
of sales 

Cost
of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 67,031,502 compared to 88,364,452 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a
decrease of 21,332,950 or 24.1 . 

The
components of cost of sales were as follows: 

Years ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Procurement 
 46,094,088 
 64,628,025 
 
 Labor 
 6,829,405 
 7,843,520 
 
 Factory overhead 
 15,730,682 
 19,462,924 
 
 Other cost of sales 
 (1,622,673 
 (3,570,017 
 
 Cost of sales 
 67,031,502 
 88,364,452 

Procurement
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 46,094,088 compared to 64,628,025 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease
of 18,533,937 or 28.7 . This decrease is primarily the result of a decrease in procurement for the NGC E-2D MYP II OWP program,
the Northrop Grumman E2D WOWP program, the Bell AH-1Z program, the Gulfstream G650
program and the Raytheon - SDTA program. 

Labor
costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 6,829,405 compared to 7,843,520 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease
of 1,014,115 or 12.9 . The decrease is primarily the result of lower labor cost incurred on the Raytheon SDTA program. 

Factory
overhead costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 15,730,682 compared to 19,462,924 for the year ended December 31, 2021,
a decrease of 3,732,242 or 19.2 . The decrease is primarily the result of improved productivity on programs such as the Raytheon
- SDTA program, the NGC welded tubes program, the NGC E-2D MYP II OWP program, the Sikorsky - Gunner Windows program and the Bell
AH-1Z program, which led to higher labor absorption rates and lower overhead costs. 

Other
cost of sales relates to items that can increase or decrease cost of sales such as changes in inventory levels, changes in inventory
valuation, changes to inventory reserves, changes in loss contract provisions and direct charges to cost of sales. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, there was a reduction of costs in the amount of 1,622,673 compared to a reduction of costs in the amount
of 3,570,017 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1,947,344 or 54.5 . The decrease is primarily the result of
a lower level of cost decrease in 2022 related to changes in inventory levels and loss contract reserve reductions. 

24 

Gross
profit 

Gross
profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 16,304,262 compared to 15,005,092 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase
of 1,299,170 or 8.7 . Gross profit percentage gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 19.6 compared
to 14.5 for year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was driven by year-over-year improvements in operating efficiencies and
decreased factory overhead costs. 

Favorable/(Unfavorable)
Adjustments to Gross Profit 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we made changes in estimates to various contracts. Such changes in estimates resulted
in changes in total gross profit as follows: 

Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Favorable adjustments 
 4,962,675 
 4,066,857 
 
 (Unfavorable) adjustments 
 (3,207,099 
 (4,277,930 
 
 Net adjustments 
 1,755,577 
 (211,073 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses SG A for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 11,410,067 compared to
 11,823,921 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 413,854 or 3.5 . This decrease was primarily due to decreased
accounting and legal fees, partially offset by increases in insurance expense. 

Other
income 

Other
income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was nil, compared to 4,795,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The other income
in 2021 was due to the forgiveness of the PPP loan by the SBA on July 31, 2021. 

Interest
expense 

Interest
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,271,101, compared to 1,141,189 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase
of 1,129,912 or 99 . The increase is the result of higher year-over-year interest rates charged on our outstanding debt under
the Credit Agreement, partially offset by a year-over-year decrease in the amount of our outstanding debt under the Credit Agreement. 

Income
before provision for income taxes 

We
had income before provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 2,623,094 compared to 6,834,982 for the
year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 4,211,888 or 61.6 . Excluding the 4,795,000 PPP loan forgiveness by the SBA on July
31, 2021, our income before provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 2,039,982. Excluding the PPP
loan forgiveness, income before provision for income taxes for 2022 increased by 583,112, or 28.6 , over 2021. The increase was
driven by the aforementioned increase in gross profit and decrease in SG A, partially offset by the increase in interest expense
described above. 

Provision
(benefit) for income taxes 

The
income tax (benefit) for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 6,553,131), an effective tax (benefit) rate of (249.8 ), as compared
to the income tax provision of 14,609, an effective tax rate of 0.2 , for the year ended December 31, 2021. The income tax (benefit)
in 2022 was primarily due to a 6,473,532 reduction in the valuation allowance recorded by the Company during the fourth quarter
of 2022 on its deferred tax asset balance related to its net operating loss carryforwards (the Fourth Quarter 2022 Valuation
Allowance Decrease ). The income tax provision in 2021 is mostly the result of state franchise and minimum taxes. 

Net
income 

Net
income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 9,176,225 compared to 6,820,373 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase
of 2,355,852 or 32.4 . The increase in net income was driven by the aforementioned increase in gross profit, decrease in SG A
and the 2022 income tax (benefit), partially offset by the aforementioned increase in interest expense. 

25 

Excluding
the 6,473,532 Fourth Quarter 2022 Valuation Allowance Decrease, a 771,834 first quarter 2022 severance charge and the 2021 4,795,000
PPP loan forgiveness, our net income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 3,474,527 and 2,025,373,
respectively, representing a year-over-year increase in 2022 net income of 1,449,154, or 71.5 . 

Earnings
per share 

Earnings
per share was 0.74 0.73 per unrestricted share and 0.01 per restricted share) for the year ended December 31, 2022 calculated
utilizing 12,389,890 weighted average shares outstanding WASO (12,286,781 WASO unrestricted and 103,109 WASO restricted)
as compared to 0.56 0.55 per unrestricted share and 0.01 per restricted share) for the year ended December 31, 2021 calculated
utilizing 12,193,826 WASO (11,960,134 WASO unrestricted and 233,692 WASO restricted), an increase of 0.18 per share, or 32.1 . 

Excluding
the aforementioned Fourth Quarter 2022 Valuation Allowance Decrease, the aforementioned first quarter 2022 severance charge and
the aforementioned 2021 PPP loan forgiveness, our earnings per share was 0.28 per share for the year ended December 31, 2022
as compared to 0.17 per share for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 0.11 per share, or 64.7 . 

Business
Outlook 

The
statements in the Business Outlook section and other forward-looking statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
are subject to revision during the course of the year in our quarterly earnings releases and SEC filings and at other times. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

General .
 At December 31, 2022, we had working capital of 12,896,602 compared to working capital of 12,175,776 at December 31, 2021,
an increase of 720,826, or 5.9 . This increase is primarily the result of a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

Cash
Flow . A large portion of our cash is used to pay for materials and processing costs associated with contracts that are
in process and which do not provide for progress payments. Costs for which we are not able to bill on a progress basis are components
of contract assets on our consolidated balance sheet and represent the aggregate costs and related earnings for uncompleted contracts
for which the customer has not yet been billed. These costs and earnings are recovered upon shipment of products and presentation
of billings in accordance with contract terms. 

Because
ASC 606 requires us to use estimates in determining revenues, costs and profits and in assigning the amounts to accounting periods,
there can be a significant disparity between earnings (both for accounting and tax purposes) as reported and actual cash that
we receive during any reporting period. Accordingly, it is possible that we may have a shortfall in our cash flow and may need
to borrow money or take steps to defer cash outflows until the reported earnings materialize into actual cash receipts. 

Several
of our programs require us to expend up-front costs that may have to be amortized over a portion of production units. In
the case of significant program delays and/or program cancellations, we could experience margin degradation, which may be material
for costs that are not recoverable. Such charges and the loss of up-front costs could have a material impact on our liquidity
and results of operations. 

We
continue to work to obtain better payment terms with our customers, including accelerated progress payment arrangements, as well
as exploring alternative funding sources. 

At
December 31, 2022, our cash balance was 3,847,225 compared to 6,308,866 at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 2,461,641, or 39.0 .
The decrease was driven by our pay down of outstanding debt during 2022 of 3,365,181, partly offset by 944,329 in cash provided
by operations. 

BankUnited
Facility 

On
March 24, 2016, the Company entered into the Credit Agreement. The BankUnited Facility originally provided for a revolving credit
loan commitment of 30 million (the Revolving Loan and a 10 million term loan Term Loan ).
The Revolving Loan bears interest at a rate based upon a pricing grid, as defined in the Credit Agreement. 

On
May 11, 2021, the Company entered into a Waiver and Seventh Amendment Seventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement.
Under the Seventh Amendment, the parties amended the Credit Agreement by (a) extending the maturity date of the Revolving Loan
and the Term Loan to July 31, 2022, and (b) amending the leverage ratio covenant. Additionally, under the Seventh Amendment,
BankUnited waived late delivery of certain financial information. 

26 

On
October 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Waiver and Eighth Amendment (the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement.
Under the Eighth Amendment, the parties amended the Credit Agreement by (a) extending the maturity date of the Revolving Loan
and the Term Loan to December 31, 2022, (b) reducing the availability under the Revolving Loan from 24 million to 21 million
while eliminating the requirement to maintain a minimum 3.0 million in a combination of Revolving Loan availability and
unrestricted cash, (c) providing for the repayment of an additional 750,000 of the principal balance of the Term Loan in
three installments of 250,000 on November 30, 2021, December 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022 in addition to 200,000 regular
monthly principal payments through December 31, 2022, (d) amending the minimum debt service coverage ratio covenant, and (e) amending
the maximum leverage coverage ratio. Additionally, under the Eighth Amendment, BankUnited waived certain covenant non-compliance
and waived temporarily, late delivery of certain financial information. In connection with the Eighth Amendment, a 250,000 amendment
fee (the Amendment Fee was earned by the lenders on December 31, 2021, which the Company elected to pay in kind
and accrue and capitalize rather than pay in cash. As of December 31, 2021, the Amendment Fee payable was posted by BankUnited
to the Revolving Loan and on February 11, 2022, in agreement with the Company, the Amendment Fee was reclassified by BankUnited
to the Term Loan. The Company has recorded this payable to its financial statements accordingly. 

On
April 12, 2022 the Company entered into a Consent, Waiver and Ninth Amendment (the Ninth Amendment to the Credit
Agreement. Under the Ninth Amendment, the parties amended the Credit Agreement by (a) extending the maturity date of the Revolving
Loan and the Term Loan to September 30, 2023, (b) providing for the repayment of an additional 750,000 of the principal
balance of the Term Loan in three installments of 250,000 on September 30, 2022, December 31, 2022 and March 31,
2023 in addition to 200,000 regular monthly principal payments through December 31, 2022 and (c) increasing the interest
on the Revolving Loan, Term Loan, and the Amendment Fee as follows: through June 30, 2022, Prime Rate (as defined in the Credit
Agreement) plus 2.5 ; from July 1, 2022 through August 31, 2022, Prime Rate plus 5 ; from September 1, 2022 through
October 31, 2022, Prime Rate plus 6 ; from November 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, Prime Rate plus 7 ;
and from January 1, 2023 through September 30, 2023, Prime Rate plus 8 . Additionally, under the Ninth Amendment, the Credit
Agreement financial covenants were amended. BankUnited also waived or consented to certain covenant non-compliance, waived temporarily
or consented to, late delivery of certain financial information and waived permanently late delivery of certain pro-forma budget
information. 

On
August 19, 2022, we entered into a Consent, Waiver and Tenth Amendment (the Tenth Amendment to the Credit Agreement.
Under the Tenth Amendment, the parties amended the Credit Agreement by (a) increasing the maximum leverage ratio applicable for
the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2022 to 5.0 to 1.0, (b) waiving and/or consenting to the exclusion from the Company s
covenant compliance requirements for the fiscal quarters ended December 31, 2021, March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September
30, 2022 up to (i) 566,025 of losses incurred and reserves taken under the Borrower s welded product contracts, and (ii)
 367,045 of reserves taken with respect to the Borrower s welded product inventory, and (c) waiving and/or consenting to
the exclusion from the Company s covenant compliance requirements for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2022, June 30,
2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022 up to 795,997 of accrued severance and COBRA costs and employer taxes incurred
by the Company during the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2022. Additionally, under the Tenth Amendment, BankUnited waived or
consented to late delivery of certain financial information required by the Credit Agreement. 

On
November 10, 2022, the Company entered into an Eleventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the Eleventh Amendment ).
Under the Eleventh Amendment, the parties amended the Credit Agreement by (a) extending the maturity date of the Revolving Loan
and the Term Loan to November 30, 2023 or with respect to the Term Loan, if earlier, until the outstanding principal balance is
paid in full (the Term Loan Maturity Date ), (b) providing for regular monthly principal payments of 200,000 on
the Term Loan from January 1, 2023 through the Term Loan Maturity Date (in addition to the Company s existing obligation
to make two principal payments on the term loan of 250,000 on each of December 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023) and (c) decreasing
the interest rate on the Revolving Loan, the Term Loan and the Amendment Fee to the Prime Rate plus 3.5 effective as of November
1, 2022. 

As
described above, on March 23. 2023, the Company entered into the Twelfth Amendment, under which the parties amended the Credit
Agreement by : (a) extending the maturity date of the Company s existing revolving line of credit and its existing term
loan to November 30, 2024 (under the terms of the Credit Agreement, the outstanding principal balance of the term loan will be
repaid by June 30, 2023); (b) providing for reduction of the aggregate maximum principal amount of all revolving line of credit
loans to 20,520,000 from October 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023, 19,800,000 from January 1, 2024 through March 31, 2024,
 19,080,000 from April 1, 2024 through June 30, 2024, 18,360,000 from July 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024, and 17,640,000
from October 1, 2024 and thereafter, and for payments to be made by the Company to comply therewith (if any such payments are
necessary), on the first day of each such period; and (c) payment of a 250,000 capitalized fee incurred in connection with the
Eighth Amendment in two installments, the first installment to be paid on June 1, 2023 in the amount of 116,667 and the second
installment to be paid July 1, 2023 in the amount of 133,333, together with all unpaid interest accrued at the term loan interest
rate on the capitalized fee through each such date. 

The
Credit Agreement, as amended, requires us to maintain the following financial covenants (subject to the exclusions provided for
in the previous paragraph): (a) minimum debt service coverage ratio of no less than 1.5 to 1.0 for the trailing four
quarter period ended March 31, 2022, 0.95 to 1.0 for the trailing four quarter period ended June 30, 2022, and 1.5 to
1.0 for the trailing four quarter period ended September 30, 2022 and for the trailing four quarter periods ended thereafter;
(b) maximum leverage ratio of no less than 7.30 to 1.0 for the trailing four quarter period ended March 31, 2022, 6.30 to
1.0 for the trailing four quarter period ended June 30, 2022, 5.0 to 1.0 for the trailing four quarter period ended
September 30, 2022 and 4.0 to 1.0 for the trailing four quarter periods thereafter; (c) minimum net income after taxes as of the
end of each fiscal quarter being no less than 1.00 commencing June 30, 2022; and (d) a minimum adjusted EBITDA at the end
of each quarter of no less than 1.0 million (waived for the quarter ended March 31, 2022). The additional principal
payments, increase in interest and the Amendment Fee provided for in the Eight Amendment and Ninth Amendment are excluded for
purposes of calculating compliance with each of the financial covenants. 

27 

PPP
Loan 

On
April 10, 2020, we entered into the PPP Loan, with BNB Bank (now part of Dime Community Bank Dime )) as the lender,
in an aggregate principal amount of 4,795,000, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief
and Economic Security Act CARES Act ). On November 2, 2020, the Company applied to the lender for full forgiveness
of the PPP Loan as calculated in accordance with the terms of the CARES Act, as modified by the Paycheck Protection Flexibility
Act. On July 13, 2021, the Company received notification through Dime that the PPP Loan and accrued interest thereon were fully
forgiven by the Small Business Association and that the forgiveness payment date was July 1, 2021. The forgiveness of the PPP
Loan was recognized during the Company s third fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2021. The PPP Loan was evidenced by a
promissory note (the Note and, subject to the terms of the Note, the PPP Loan had a fixed interest rate interest
of one percent (1 per annum, with the first six months of interest deferred and had an initial term of two years. The SBA reserves
the right to audit any PPP Loan, for eligibility and other criteria, regardless of size. These audits may occur after forgiveness
has been granted. In accordance with the CARES Act, all borrowers are required to maintain their PPP loan documentation for six
years after the PPP Loan was forgiven and to provide that documentation to the SBA upon request. All amounts are classified as
current or long term in accordance with the Note terms. 

Liquidity 

Our
working capital requirements can vary significantly, depending in part on the timing of the conclusion of mature programs and
new program awards and the payment terms with our customers and suppliers. There is currently no availability for borrowings under
the BankUnited Facility and the Company finances its operations from internally generated cash flow. Note 8 to our consolidated
financial statements included in Part II - Item 8 includes a discussion regarding the BankUnited Facility and recent amendments
thereto which provide, among other things, for increases in principal payments and the interest rate on the loans provided for
therein. Management has (i) negotiated and executed a further amendment to the Credit Agreement which extended the maturity date
of the Credit Agreement to November 30, 2024, (ii) obtained and regularly seeks additional progress payment and advance payment
customer contract funding provisions, (iii) maintained procedures to reduce investments in inventory and contract assets, (iv)
remained focused on its military customer base which has proven to be less susceptible to COVID-19 related impacts and (v) maintained
its approximately 122 million backlog of funded orders, 98 of which are for military programs. Based upon the aforementioned
factors, it is management s estimation that there will likely not be any individual conditions or combination of events
that will occur in the coming year which would cause the Company to be unable to meet its obligations or otherwise continue as
a going concern. However, there can be no assurance that such plans will accomplish their intended goals. 

Cost
Reduction Initiative 

During
the first quarter of 2022, the Company implemented a cost reduction initiative designed to improve operational efficiency and
reduce costs during fiscal year 2022. Management has reallocated resources and reduced operating and general administrative expenses
to more properly align the Company s costs to revenue given the timing differences between the conclusion of certain mature
programs and the commencement of new programs in 2022. In connection with the cost reduction initiative, the Company executed
a headcount reduction and furlough action in March 2022 and implemented cost controls and cuts during the balance of fiscal year
2022. The Company recorded severance costs related to the headcount reduction in its first fiscal quarter of 2022 and the cost
reductions of these actions positively impacted the financial results of the Company beginning in the second fiscal quarter of
2022. 

Contractual
Obligations 

The
table below summarizes information about our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 and the effects these obligations
are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in the future years. 

Payments Due By Period 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1-3 years 
 4-5 years 
 After 5 years 
 
 Line of credit 
 21,000,000 
 1,200,000 
 19,800,000 

Debt 
 1,583,333 
 1,583,333 

Finance Leases 
 207,414 
 136,433 
 70,981 

Operating Leases 
 6,895,046 
 1,814,588 
 4,870,881 
 202,332 
 7,245 
 
 Total Contractual Cash Obligations 
 29,685,793 
 4,734,354 
 24,741,862 
 202,332 
 7,245 

Inflation 

Inflation
historically has not had a material effect on our operations, although the current inflationary environment in the U.S., and its
impact on interest rates, the supply chain, the labor market and general economic conditions, are factors that the Company actively
monitors in an attempt to mitigate and manage potential negative impacts on and risks faced by the Company. The majority of the
Company s long term contracts with its customers reflect fixed pricing and its long term contracts with its suppliers reflect
fixed pricing. When bidding for work, the Company takes inflation risk and supply side pricing risk into account in its proposals. 

28 

Item
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

Item
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

Item
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective due to the material weaknesses described below. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our
principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that,
 in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
 with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management
 and directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets
 that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal
Control- Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ).
Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective
at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022 because of the material weaknesses described below. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim consolidated financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

In
connection with management s evaluation of the Company s internal control over financial reporting described above,
management identified material weaknesses in its internal controls over the processing and accrual of vendor invoices, the
reconciliation of accounts receivable and contract assets, and the documentation with respect to its internal controls over
inventory. 

Conclusion 

 As
described above, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of December 31, 2022. 

Notwithstanding
the conclusion by our management that our controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 were not effective, and notwithstanding
the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described above, management believes that the consolidated
financial statements and related financial information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present in all material
respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the dates presented, and for the periods ended
on such dates, in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 

CPI
is a non-accelerated filer for 2022. As such, CPI is not subject to the requirement to have an auditor attestation report on internal
control over financial reporting in the 10-K filed in 2023 for 2022. 

29 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. During the nine months ended September 30, 2022, we implemented additional
internal controls related to the monitoring and review of inventory costing, excess and obsolete materials and loss contracts. 

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

 In
designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter
how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition,
the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management
is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Item
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

Item
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

PART
III 

Item
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

I ncorporated
herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31,
2022. 

Item
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

I ncorporated
herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31,
2022. 

Item
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

I ncorporated
herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31,
2022. 

Item
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

I ncorporated
herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31,
2022. 

Item
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

I ncorporated
herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31,
2022. 

30 

PART
IV 

Item
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The following documents
 are filed as part of this report: 

(1)
Financial Statements: 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated
Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

(2) Financial
Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3)
The following Exhibits are filed as part of this report: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on August 25, 2020). 
 
 3.1.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of Composite of Precision Industries, Inc., dated May 9, 1989 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on August 25, 2020). 
 
 3.1.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of Consortium Products International, Inc., dated June 30, 1992 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on August 25, 2020). 
 
 3.1.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of CPI Aerostructures, Inc., dated August 7, 1992 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on August 25, 2020). 
 
 3.1.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of CPI Aerostructures, Inc., dated June 3, 1997 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on August 25, 2020). 
 
 3.1.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of CPI Aerostructures, Inc., dated June 16, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on August 25, 2020). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed on November 24, 2021). 
 
 3.2.1 
 
 Amended Article V, Section 6 of Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Securities of the Registrant. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Performance Equity Plan 2009 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 30, 2009). 
 
 10.2 
 
 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2021). 
 
 10.3.1 
 
 Agreement of Lease, dated June 30, 2011, between Heartland Boys II L.P. and CPI Aerostructures, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 15, 2011). 

31 

10.3.2 
 
 Lease Amendment, dated November 11, 2020, between Heartland Boys II L.P. and CPI Aerostructures, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed on November 24, 2021). 
 
 10.3.3 
 
 Second Lease Amendment, dated November 10, 2021, between Heartland Boys II L.P. and CPI Aerostructures, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 12, 2021). 
 
 10.4.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2016, among CPI Aerostructures, Inc., the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and BankUnited, N.A. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 28, 2016). 
 
 10.4.2 
 
 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2016). 
 
 10.4.3 
 
 Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 25, 2020). 
 
 10.4.4 
 
 Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2018). 
 
 10.4.5 
 
 Fourth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2018). 
 
 10.4.6 
 
 Fifth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 26, 2019). 
 
 10.4.7 
 
 Waiver and Sixth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24, 2020). 
 
 10.4.8 
 
 Waiver and Seventh Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2021). 
 
 10.4.9 
 
 Waiver and Eighth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2021). 
 
 10.4.10 
 
 Consent, Waiver and Ninth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2022). 
 
 10.4.11 
 
 Consent, Waiver and Tenth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 19, 2022). 
 
 10.4.12 
 
 Eleventh
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 11, 2022). 
 
 10.4.13 
 
 Twelfth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2023). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Continuing General Security Agreement among CPI Aerostructures, Inc. and BankUnited N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 28, 2016). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Severance and Change in Control Agreement, dated March 9, 2022, between the Company and Dorith Hakim (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2022). 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of RSM US LLP. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 905 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instanse Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Scheme Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover page formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 

Filed herewith. 

Management contract compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Furnished herewith. 

Item
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None 

32 

CPI
AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 

Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 - F-26 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
of CPI Aerostructures, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of CPI Aerostructures, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of operations, shareholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated
financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 1 

Deferred
Tax Asset Valuation Allowance 

 As described in Note 1 and Note 11 of the financial
statements, the Company s net deferred tax asset of approximately 6.6 million is net of a valuation allowance of approximately
 14.9 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future income tax consequences
of events that have been recognized in the Company s financial statements. Valuation allowances are provided for deferred tax assets
where it is considered more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefit of such assets. In evaluating the realizability
of deferred tax assets in future periods, the available positive and negative evidence, including projected future taxable income exclusive
of reversing temporary differences, history of book losses, tax planning strategies, and results of recent operations, are considered. 

We identified management s determination
of the value of deferred tax assets as a critical audit matter as there is significant judgment required by management to conclude that
it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be realized in future periods. In addition, the auditing of these elements
involved complex and subjective auditor judgment, including the need to involve personnel with specialized skill and knowledge. 

Our audit
procedures to evaluate management s determination that sufficient taxable income will not be generated to realize deferred tax assets
included the following, among others: 

Evaluated the reasonableness of management s
estimate in regard to the ability to generate future taxable income and utilize the deferred tax assets by evaluating the forecast of
future taxable income, including testing of management s assumptions used in their projections. 

Utilized personnel with specialized
knowledge and skill in accounting for income taxes to assist in the evaluation of management s assessment of positive and negative
evidence and their conclusion that it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize a benefit from a portion of its deferred
tax assets. 

Revenue
Recognition 

 As described in Note 2 of the financial statements,
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 83 million. The majority of the Company's revenues are from long-term contracts with
performance obligations satisfied over time as the Company (i) sells products with no alternative use to the Company and (ii) has an enforceable
right to recover costs incurred plus a reasonable profit margin for work completed to date. The Company uses the cost-to-cost method to
measure progress for its performance obligations because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer which occurs as the Company
incurs costs on its contracts. 

Given the complexity and significant estimates
and assumptions management makes regarding revenue and costs associated with long-term contracts with performance obligations satisfied
over time, we identified revenue recognition over these contracts as a critical audit matter. Auditing these estimates required a high
degree of auditor judgement and increased audit effort. 

Our audit procedures related to the Company's
revenue, costs and profit for these contracts included the following, among others: 

Obtained an understanding of management s process
related to the accounting for contract revenue including cost to complete estimates for long-term contracts with performance obligations
satisfied over time. 

Performed substantive test of details on a sample of contracts
with customers to ensure modifications were agreed to by the customer. 

Performed journal entry testing related to revenue. 

Tested the accuracy and completeness of the costs incurred
to date on a sample of contracts. 

Performed procedures, including a retrospective and prospective
review, over estimated costs to complete on a sample of contracts. 

On a sample of contracts, we evaluated whether the revenue
recognition over time on contracts was appropriate based on the terms and conditions. 

Tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculation
of revenue recognized on a sample basis. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2021. 

April 14, 2023 

F- 2 

CPI AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Insurance recovery receivable 

Contract assets 

Inventory 

Refundable income taxes 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Deferred tax asset 

Intangibles, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Litigation settlement obligation 

Contract liabilities 

Loss reserve 

Current portion of line of credit 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Operating lease liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Line of credit, net of current portion 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Long-term debt, net of current portion 

Total Liabilities 

Shareholders Equity (Deficit): 

Common stock - par value; authorized shares, and shares, respectively, issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

see
notes to CONSOLIDATED financial statements 

F- 3 

CPI
AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Other income 

Interest expense 

Total other income (expense), net 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

Net income 

Income per common share: 

Income per common share-unrestricted shares 

Income per common share-restricted shares 

Shares used in computing income per common share: 

Unrestricted shares 

Restricted shares 

Total shares 

see
notes to CONSOLIDATED financial statements 

F- 4 

CPI
AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock Shares 
 Common Stock Amount 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

Net income 

Common stock forfeited 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Common stock forfeited 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

see
notes to CONSOLIDATED financial statements 

F- 5 

CPI
AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Cash expended below (in excess of) rent expense 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Deferred income taxes 

Bad debt expense 

Forgiveness of PPP loan 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable 

Increase in insurance recovery receivable 

Increase in contract assets 

Decrease in inventory 

Increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Increase in litigation settlement obligation 

Increase in contract liabilities 

Decrease in loss reserve 

Increase in income taxes payable 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from line of credit 

Principal payments on long-term debt 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for interest 

Cash paid for (received from) income taxes 

See
notes to CONSOLIDATED financial statements 

F- 6 

CPI
AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively, of uninsured balances. The Company limits its credit risk by selecting financial institutions considered
to be highly credit worthy. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company has right of use assets and lease liabilities of and , respectively. At December
31, 2021, the Company had right of use assets and lease liabilities of and , respectively. 

We
estimated the fair value of debt using market quotes and calculations based on market rates. 

Income per common share-unrestricted shares 

Income per common share-restricted shares 

Shares used in computing income per common share: 

Unrestricted shares 

Restricted shares 

Total shares 

compared to at December 31, 2021, a decrease of . Our
accounts receivable, net balance at December 31, 2022 decreased to from at December 31, 2021. At December
31, 2022, we had working capital of compared to working capital of at December 31, 2021. 

It
is management s estimation that there will likely not be any individual conditions or combination of events that will occur
in the coming year which would cause the Company to be unable to meet its obligations or otherwise continue as a going concern.
However, there can be no assurance that such plans will accomplish their intended goals. 

F- 11 

CPI
AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Contract
Estimates 

Certain
contracts contain forms of variable consideration, such as price discounts and performance penalties. The Company generally estimates
variable consideration using the most likely amount based on an assessment of all available information (i.e., historical experience,
current and forecasted performance) and only to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue recognized will
not occur when the uncertainty is resolved. 

In
applying the cost-to-cost input method, the Company compares the actual costs incurred relative to the total estimated costs expected
at completion to determine its progress towards satisfying its performance obligation and to calculate the corresponding amount
of revenue to recognize. For any costs incurred that do not depict the Company s performance in transferring control of
goods or services to the customer, the Company excludes such costs from its input method measure of progress as the amounts are
not reflected in the price of the contract. Costs that are inputs to the satisfaction of a performance obligation include labor,
materials and subcontractors costs, other direct costs and an allocation of indirect costs. 

Changes
to the original estimates may be required during the life of the contract. Estimates are reviewed quarterly and the effect of
any change in the total estimated costs expected at completion for a contract is reflected in revenue in the period the change
becomes known. ASC 606 involves considerable use of estimates and judgment in determining revenues, costs and profits and in assigning
the amounts to accounting periods. For instance, management must make assumptions and estimates regarding labor productivity and
availability, the complexity of the work to be performed, the availability of materials, the length of time to complete the performance
obligation, execution by our subcontractors, the availability and timing of funding from the customer, and overhead cost rates,
among other variables. The Company continually evaluates all of the factors related to the assumptions, risks and uncertainties
inherent with the application of the cost-to-cost input method; however, it cannot be assured that estimates will be accurate.
If estimates are not accurate, or a contract is terminated which will affect estimates at completion, the Company is required
to adjust revenue in the period the change is determined. 

When
changes are required for the estimated total revenue on a contract, these changes are recognized on a cumulative catch-up basis
in the current period. A significant change in one or more estimates could affect the profitability of one or more of our performance
obligations. If estimates of total costs to be incurred exceed estimates of total consideration the Company expects to receive,
a provision for the remaining loss on the contract is recorded in the period in which the loss becomes evident. 

Capitalized
Contract Acquisition Costs and Fulfillment Costs 

Contract
acquisition costs are those incremental costs that the Company incurs to obtain a contract with a customer that it would not have
incurred if the contract had not been obtained. The Company does not typically incur contract acquisition costs or contract fulfillment
costs that are subject to capitalization in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification Subtopic 340-40,
 Other Assets and Deferred Costs Contracts with Customers. 

Disaggregation
of Revenue 

Aerosystems 

Kitting and Supply Chain Management 

Total 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenue recognized using over time revenue recognition model 

Revenue recognized using point in time revenue recognition model 

Total 

Transaction
Price Allocated to Remaining Performance Obligations 

As
of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations was approximately
 million. This represents the amount of revenue the Company expects to recognize in the future on contracts with unsatisfied
or partially satisfied performance obligations as of December 31, 2022. 

Contract liabilities 

Net Contract assets 

Revenue
recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022, that was included in the contract liabilities balances as of January 1, 2022
was million. Revenue recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021, that was included in the contract liabilities balances
as of January 1, 2021 was million. 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

Total accounts receivable, net 

F- 14 

CPI
AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Work in progress 

Finished goods (Includes completed components) 

Gross inventory 

Inventory reserves 

Inventory, net 

to 
 
 Computer equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Automobiles and trucks 

Leasehold improvements 

Lesser of lease term or years 
 
 Total gross property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Computer equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Total assets acquired under finance leases 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total assets acquired under finance leases, net 

Less: amortization of intangibles 

Intangibles, net 

Goodwill 

The
Company acquired WMI on December 20, 2018. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC
Topic 805. Accordingly, the Company recorded the fair value of the assets and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition.
As a result of the acquisition of WMI on December 30, 2018, the Company recorded Goodwill of . 

Also,
as a result of the acquisition, the Company recorded an intangible asset of comprised of the value of the customer relationships
acquired. The useful life of the intangible asset was representing the remaining economic life at the time of acquisition,
and is fully amortized as of December 31, 2022. Amortization expense was during each of the years ended December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021. 

million (the Revolving Loan and a million term loan Term Loan ).
The Revolving Loan bears interest at a rate based upon a pricing grid, as defined in the Credit Agreement. 

On
May 11, 2021, the Company entered into a Waiver and Seventh Amendment Seventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement.
Under the Seventh Amendment, the parties amended the Credit Agreement by (a) extending the maturity date of the Revolving Loan
and the Term Loan to , and (b) amending the leverage ratio covenant. Additionally, under the Seventh Amendment,
BankUnited waived late delivery of certain financial information. 

On
October 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Waiver and Eighth Amendment (the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement.
Under the Eighth Amendment, the parties amended the Credit Agreement by (a) extending the maturity date of the Revolving Loan
and the Term Loan to , (b) reducing the availability under the Revolving Loan from million to million
while eliminating the requirement to maintain a minimum .0 million in a combination of Revolving Loan availability and
unrestricted cash, (c) providing for the repayment of an additional of the principal balance of the Term Loan in
three installments of on November 30, 2021, December 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022 in addition to regular
monthly principal payments through December 31, 2022, (d) amending the minimum debt service coverage ratio covenant, and (e) amending
the maximum leverage ratio covenant. Additionally, under the Eighth Amendment, BankUnited waived certain covenant non-compliance
and waived temporarily, late delivery of certain financial information. In connection with the Eighth Amendment, a amendment
fee (the Amendment Fee was earned by the lenders on December 31, 2021, which the Company elected to pay in kind
and accrue and capitalize rather than pay in cash. As at December 31, 2021, the Amendment Fee payable was posted by BankUnited
to the Revolving Loan and on February 11, 2022, in agreement with the Company, the Amendment Fee was reclassified by BankUnited
to the Term Loan. The Company has recorded this payable to its financial statements accordingly. 

On
April 12, 2022 the Company entered into a Consent, Waiver and Ninth Amendment (the Ninth Amendment to the Credit
Agreement. Under the Ninth Amendment, the parties amended the Credit Agreement by (a) extending the maturity date of the Revolving
Loan and the Term Loan to , (b) providing for the repayment of an additional of the principal
balance of the Term Loan in three installments of on September 30, 2022, December 31, 2022 and March 31,
2023 in addition to regular monthly principal payments through December 31, 2022 and (c) increasing the interest
on the Revolving Loan, Term Loan, and the Amendment Fee as follows: through June 30, 2022, Prime Rate (as defined in the Credit
Agreement) plus ; from July 1, 2022 through August 31, 2022, Prime Rate plus ; from September 1, 2022 through
October 31, 2022, Prime Rate plus ; from November 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, Prime Rate plus ;
and from January 1, 2023 through September 30, 2023, Prime Rate plus . Additionally, under the Ninth Amendment, the Credit
Agreement financial covenants were amended. BankUnited also waived or consented to certain covenant non-compliance, waived temporarily
or consented to, late delivery of certain financial information and waived permanently late delivery of certain pro-forma budget
information. 

On
August 19, 2022, we entered into a Consent, Waiver and Tenth Amendment (the Tenth Amendment to the Credit Agreement.
Under the Tenth Amendment, the parties amended the Credit Agreement by (a) increasing the maximum leverage ratio applicable for
the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2022 to to 1.0, (b) waiving and/or consenting to the exclusion from the Company s
covenant compliance requirements for the fiscal quarters ended December 31, 2021, March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September
30, 2022 up to (i) of losses incurred and reserves taken under the Borrower s welded product contracts, and (ii)
 of reserves taken with respect to the Borrower s welded product inventory, and (c) waiving and/or consenting to
the exclusion from the Company s covenant compliance requirements for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2022, June 30,
2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022 up to of accrued severance and COBRA costs and employer taxes incurred
by the Company during the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2022. Additionally, under the Tenth Amendment, BankUnited waived or
consented to late delivery of certain financial information required by the Credit Agreement. 

On
November 10, 2022, the Company entered into an Eleventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the Eleventh Amendment ).
Under the Eleventh Amendment, the parties amended the Credit Agreement by (a) extending the maturity date of the Revolving Loan
and the Term Loan to or with respect to the Term Loan, if earlier, until the outstanding principal balance is
paid in full (the Term Loan Maturity Date ), (b) providing for regular monthly principal payments of on
the Term Loan from January 1, 2023 through the Term Loan Maturity Date (in addition to the Company s existing obligation
to make two principal payments on the term loan of on each of December 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023) and (c) decreasing
the interest rate on the Revolving Loan, the Term Loan and the Amendment Fee to the Prime Rate plus effective as of November
1, 2022. 

On
March 23, 2023, the Company entered into a Twelfth Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the Twelfth Amendment ). Under
the Twelfth Amendment, the parties amended the Credit Agreement by : (a) extending the maturity date of the Company s existing
revolving line of credit and its existing term loan to (under the terms of the Credit Agreement, the outstanding
principal balance of the term loan will be repaid by June 30, 2023); (b) providing for reduction of the aggregate maximum principal
amount of all revolving line of credit loans to from October 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023, from January
1, 2024 through March 31, 2024, from April 1, 2024 through June 30, 2024, from July 1, 2024 through September
30, 2024, and from October 1, 2024 and thereafter, and for payments to be made by the Company to comply therewith
(if any such payments are necessary), on the first day of each such period; and (c) payment of a capitalized fee incurred
in connection with the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement in two installments, the first installment to be paid on June
1, 2023 in the amount of and the second installment to be paid July 1, 2023 in the amount of , together with
all unpaid interest accrued at the term loan interest rate on the capitalized fee through each such date. 

The
Credit Agreement, as amended, requires us to maintain the following financial covenants (subject to the exclusions provided for
in the previous paragraph): (a) minimum debt service coverage ratio of no less than to 1.0 for the trailing four
quarter period ended March 31, 2022, to 1.0 for the trailing four quarter period ended June 30, 2022, and to
1.0 for the trailing four quarter period ended September 30, 2022 and for the trailing four quarter periods ended thereafter;
(b) maximum leverage ratio of no less than to 1.0 for the trailing four quarter period ended March 31, 2022, to
1.0 for the trailing four quarter period ended June 30, 2022, to 1.0 for the trailing four quarter period ended September
30, 2022 and to 1.0 for the trailing four quarter periods thereafter; (c) minimum net income after taxes as of the end of
each fiscal quarter being no less than commencing June 30, 2022; and (d) a minimum adjusted EBITDA at the end of each
quarter of no less than .0 million (waived for the quarter ended March 31, 2022). The additional principal payments,
increase in interest and the Amendment Fee provided for in the Eight Amendment and Ninth Amendment are excluded for purposes of
calculating compliance with each of the financial covenants. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had and , respectively, outstanding under the BankUnited
Revolving Loan Facility. As of December 31, 2021, the Amendment Fee payable was posted by BankUnited to the Revolving Loan and
on February 11, 2022, in agreement with the Company, the Amendment Fee was reclassified by BankUnited to the Term Loan. The Company
has recorded this payable to its financial statements accordingly. of the revolving line of credit matures and is payable
by December 31, 2023 and the remaining balance of of the revolving line of credit matures and is payable by November
30, 2024. 

The
BankUnited Facility is secured by all of the Company s assets. 

(under the terms of the Credit Agreement, the outstanding principal balance of the term loan will be repaid by June 30,
2023); (b) providing for reduction of the aggregate maximum principal amount of all revolving line of credit loans to 
from October 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023, from January 1, 2024 through March 31, 2024, from April
1, 2024 through June 30, 2024, from July 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024, and from October 1, 2024
and thereafter, and for payments to be made by the Company to comply therewith (if any such payments are necessary), on the first
day of each such period; and (c) payment of a capitalized fee incurred in connection with the Eighth Amendment to the
Credit Agreement in two installments, the first installment to be paid on June 1, 2023 in the amount of and the second
installment to be paid July 1, 2023 in the amount of , together with all unpaid interest accrued at the term loan interest
rate on the capitalized fee through each such date. 

As
described above, in connection with the Eleventh Amendment, the Company and BankUnited agreed to amend the Credit Agreement by
(a) extending the maturity date of the Revolving Loan and the Term Loan to or with respect to the Term Loan,
if earlier, until the outstanding principal balance is paid in full (the Term Loan Maturity Date ), (b) providing
for regular monthly principal payments of on the Term Loan from January 1, 2023 through the Term Loan Maturity Date (in
addition to the Company s existing obligation to make two principal payments on the term loan of on each of December
31, 2022 and March 31, 2023) and (c) decreasing the interest rate on the Revolving Loan, the Term Loan and the Amendment Fee to
the Prime Rate plus effective as of November 1, 2022. 

As
described above, in connection with the Tenth Amendment, the Company and BankUnited agreed to amend the Credit Agreement by (a)
amending the maximum leverage ratio applicable for the fiscal quarter ending on September 30, 2022, and (b) consenting to and
waiving certain covenant non-compliance under the Credit Agreement. Under the Tenth Amendment, there are no changes to interest
rates or repayment schedule and the terms pertaining to interest rates and repayment schedule remain the same as described below
as per the Ninth Amendment. The Tenth Amendment had no effect on the interest rates on the Revolving Term Loan or Term Loan. 

As
described above, in connection with the Ninth Amendment, the Company and BankUnited agreed to extend the maturity dates of the
Revolving Loan and Term Loan to , provide for the repayment of an additional of the principal balance
of the term loan in three installments of on September 30, 2022, December 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 (in addition to
the in additional principal payments as required by the Eighth Amendment due on November 30, 2021, December 31, 2021
and March 31, 2022), as well as the regular monthly principal payments paid monthly through maturity, increase the interest
on the Revolving Loan, Term Loan, and the Amendment Fee as follows: through June 30, 2022, Prime Rate (as defined in the Credit
Agreement) plus ; from July 1, 2022 through August 31, 2022, Prime Rate plus ; from September 1, 2022 through
October 31, 2022, Prime Rate plus ; from November 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, Prime Rate plus ;
and from January 1, 2023 through September 30, 2023, Prime Rate plus , waive or consent to certain covenant non-compliance,
and waive temporarily or consented to, late delivery of certain financial information and waived permanently late delivery of
certain pro-forma budget information. The BankUnited Facility, as amended, requires us to maintain the financial covenants described
in the preceding note. 

In
2022, as consideration for the lenders entering into the Ninth Amendment, the Company paid a fee to the lenders. In 2021,
the Company paid to BankUnited, commitment and agent fees in the amount of , together with out of pocket costs, expenses,
and reasonable attorney s fees incurred by BankUnited in connection with the Eighth Amendment. The Company has cumulatively
paid approximately of total debt issuance costs in connection with the BankUnited Facility of which approximately 
is included in other assets at December 31, 2022. 

On
April 10, 2020, we entered into the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) Loan, with BNB Bank (now part of Dime Community Bank) as
the Lender, in an aggregate principal amount of , pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program under the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act ). The PPP Loan was evidenced by the Note. Subject to the terms
of the Note, the PPP Loan bore interest at a fixed rate of one percent per annum, with the first six months of interest deferred,
had an initial term of , and was unsecured and guaranteed by the Small Business Administration SBA ). The
Note provided for customary events of default including, among other things, cross-defaults on any other loan with the Lender.
The PPP Loan could have been accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default. 

On
November 2, 2020, the Company applied to the Lender for full forgiveness of the PPP Loan as calculated in accordance with the
terms of the CARES Act, as modified by the Paycheck Protection Flexibility Act. We were notified by our lender that our application
was accepted and forwarded to the SBA. All amounts have been classified as current or long term in accordance with the Note terms. 

On
July 13, 2021, the Company received notification through Dime that the PPP Loan and accrued interest thereon were fully forgiven
by the SBA and that the forgiveness payment date was July 1, 2021. The forgiveness of the PPP Loan was recognized as other income
during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
SBA reserves the right to audit any PPP Loan, for eligibility and other criteria, regardless of size. These audits may occur after
forgiveness has been granted. In accordance with the CARES Act, all borrowers are required to maintain their PPP loan documentation
for six years after the PPP Loan was forgiven and to provide that documentation to the SBA upon request. 

2024 

2025 

Total 

Included
in the long-term debt are financing leases and notes payable totaling and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
including a current portion of and , respectively. 

The
BankUnited Facility is secured by all of the Company s assets and both the Revolving Loan and Term Loan bear interest at
the Prime Rate + . The Prime Rate was as of December 31, 2022 and as such, the Company s interest rate on the
Revolving Loan and Term Loan was as of December 31, 2022. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Term Loan had an aggregate principal balance due of and , respectively, payable
in monthly installments, as defined in the Credit Agreement. 

F- 19 

CPI
AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total undiscounted operating lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

() 
 
 Present value of operating lease payments 

Liabilities 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

The
amortization expense of these assets under operating leases was and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company s weighted average remaining lease term for its operating leases is years as of December 31, 2022. The Company s
weighted average discount rate for its operating leases is as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 20 

CPI
AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

State 

Deferred: 

Federal 

) 

State 

) 

Total 

) 

State income tax,
 net 

() 

Research and development
 tax credit 

() 

() 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 PPP loan forgiveness 

() 
 
 Other 

() 
 
 Accrued loss reserve
 adjustment 

() 

Permanent differences 

Provision(benefit)
 for income taxes 

() 

Capitalized R D 

Credit carryforwards 

Inventory reserve 

Accrued payroll 

Loss contracts reserve 

Restricted stock 

Other 

Acquisition costs 

Lease liability 

Accrued legal 

Disallowed interest expense 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Deferred Tax Liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Revenue recognition 

Property and equipment 

ROU asset 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of gross net operating loss carryforwards NOLs for federal tax purposes and approximately .0 million of post apportionment NOLs for state tax purposes. The Federal NOLs begin
to expire in 2034. Losses generated in 2018 and forward of million have an indefinite life and can offset up to of taxable
income in the future. Federal NOLs generated prior to 2018 can offset of future taxable income. The state NOLs begin to expire
in 2034. 

million; these NOLs will expire in varying amounts from 2034 through 2039, if not utilized, and can offset
100 of future taxable income for regular tax purposes. Our NOLs arising in 2018, 2019 and 2020 can generally be carried back
five years, carried forward indefinitely and can offset 100 of taxable income for tax years before January 1, 2021 and up to
80 of taxable income for tax years after December 31, 2020. Any NOLs arising on or after January 1, 2021, cannot be carried back,
can generally be carried forward indefinitely and can offset up to 80 of future taxable income. 

Our
ability to fully recognize the benefits from our NOLs is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient income prior to their
expiration. In addition, our NOL carryforwards may be limited if we experience an ownership change as defined by Section 382 of
the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 ). In general, an ownership change under Section 382 occurs if 5 shareholders
increase their collective ownership of the aggregate amount of our outstanding shares by more than 50 percentage points over a
relevant lookback period. The Company has completed a Section 382 analysis for the year ended December 31, 2022, and believes
that no ownership change occurred during the relevant lookback period that would limit our ability to use our NOLs. The sale of
additional equity securities in the future may trigger an ownership change under IRC Section 382, which could significantly limit
our ability to utilize our tax benefits. The Company will recognize a tax benefit in the consolidated financial statements for
an uncertain tax position only if management s assessment is that the position is more likely than not (i.e.,
a likelihood greater than 50 to be allowed by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The
term tax position refers to a position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a
future tax return that is reflected in measuring current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes. 

Assessing
the realizability of deferred tax assets requires the determination of whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
all the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, the Company considers all available
positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable
income, loss carryback and tax-planning strategies. Generally, more weight is given to objectively verifiable evidence, such as
the cumulative loss in recent years, as a significant piece of negative evidence to overcome. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
achieved three years of cumulative book income, along with projections of profitability, for which management determined that
there is sufficient positive evidence to conclude that it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax assets will
be realized. As such, million of the valuation allowance has been released as of December 31, 2022, leaving a balance in
the valuation allowance of 14.9 million as of December 31, 2022. 

The
income tax (benefit) for the year ended December 31, 2022 was ) , an effective tax (benefit) rate of . The tax
(benefit) was mostly the result of a reduction in the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets recorded by the Company during
the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 based on management s estimates of the likelihood and level of the future taxable
income of the Company. Management makes these estimates quarterly in order to determine the appropriate level of valuation allowance
to include in the Company s financial statements at the balance sheet date. 

F- 22 

CPI
AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Selling, general
 and administrative 

Total
 stock-based compensation expense 

The
Company grants restricted stock units RSUs to its board of directors as partial compensation. These RSUs vest
quarterly on a straight-line basis over a one-year period. 

The
Company grants shares of common stock Restricted Stock Awards to select employees. In the event that the
employee s employment is voluntarily terminated prior to certain vesting dates, portions of the shares may be forfeited.
In addition, if certain Company performance criteria are not achieved, portions of these shares may be forfeited. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Non-vested December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, unamortized stock-based compensation costs related to restricted share arrangements was . 

F- 23 

CPI
AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 and , respectively. 

, , and of our revenue was generated from our four largest customers. For the
year ended December 31, 2021, , , and of our revenue was generated from our four largest customers. 

At
December 31, 2022, , , , and of accounts receivable were due from our four largest customers. At December 31, 2021,
 , and of accounts receivable were due from our three largest customers. 

At
December 31, 2022, , , , and of our contract assets were related to our four largest customers. At December 31, 2021,
 , and of our contract assets were related to our three largest customers. 

, subject to court approval. On July 9, 2021, Plaintiff filed an unopposed
motion for preliminary approval of the settlement. On November 10, 2021, a magistrate judge recommended that the court grant the motion
for preliminary approval in its entirety. The Court adopted the recommendation on May 27, 2022, and entered an order granting preliminary
approval of the settlement on June 7, 2022. On August 5, 2022, the Plaintiff filed an unopposed motion for final approval. The magistrate
judge held a hearing on the final approval motion on September 9, 2022. On February 16, 2023, the magistrate judge recommended that the
Court grant the final approval motion in its entirety. The Court adopted that recommendation in its entirety on March 10, 2023, and terminated
the case on March 13, 2023. 

Shareholder Derivative Action 

Four shareholder
derivative actions, each based on substantially the same facts as those alleged in the class action discussed above, have been filed against
current members of our board of directors and certain of our current and former officers. 

The first action
(captioned Moulton v. McCrosson, et.al. , No. 20-cv-02092) was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
New York. It purports to assert derivative claims against the individual defendants for violations of Section 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange
Act, breach of fiduciary duty, and unjust enrichment and seeks to recover on behalf of the Company for any liability the Company might
incur as a result of the individual defendants alleged misconduct. The complaint also seeks declaratory, equitable, injunctive,
and monetary relief, as well as attorneys fees and other costs. On October 26, 2020, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint.
On January 27, 2021, the court stayed the action pursuant to a joint stipulation filed by the parties. 

The second action
(captioned Woodyard v. McCrosson, et al. , Index No. 613169/2020) was filed on September 17, 2020, in the Supreme Court of
the State of New York (Suffolk County). It purports to assert derivative claims against the individual defendants for breach of fiduciary
duty and unjust enrichment, and seeks to recover on behalf of the Company for any liability the Company might incur as a result of the
individual defendants alleged misconduct, along with declaratory, equitable, injunctive and monetary relief, as well as attorneys 
fees and other costs. On December 22, 2020, the parties filed a joint stipulation staying the action pending further developments in the
class action. 

The third action
(captioned Berger v. McCrosson, et al. , No. 1:20-cv-05454) was filed on November 10, 2020, in the U.S. District Court for
the Eastern District of New York. The complaint, which is based on the shareholder s inspection of certain corporate books and records,
purports to assert derivative claims against the individual defendants for breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment, and seeks to
implement reforms to the Company s corporate governance and internal procedures and to recover on behalf of the Company an unspecified
amount of monetary damages. The complaint also seeks equitable, injunctive, and monetary relief, as well as attorneys fees and
other costs. 

On March 19,
2021, the parties to the Moulton and Berger actions filed a joint stipulation consolidating the actions (under the caption In
re CPI Aerostructures Stockholder Derivative Litigation , No. 20-cv-02092) and staying the consolidated action pending further developments
in the class action. 

The fourth action
(captioned Wurst v. Bazaar, et al. , Index No. 605244/2021) was filed on March 24, 2021, in the Supreme Court of the State
of New York (Suffolk County). The complaint purports to assert derivative claims against the individual defendants for breach of fiduciary
duty, unjust enrichment, and waste of corporate assets, and seeks to recover on behalf of the Company for any liability the Company might
incur as a result of the individual defendants alleged misconduct. The complaint also seeks declaratory, equitable, injunctive,
and monetary relief, as well as attorneys fees and other costs. On April 12, 2021, the parties filed a joint stipulation staying
the action pending further developments in the class action. 

On June 13,
2022, the plaintiffs in the consolidated federal action informed the court that the Company and all defendants had reached an agreement
in principle with all plaintiffs to settle the shareholder derivative lawsuits described above. On June 16, 2022, the plaintiffs
in the consolidated federal action filed an unopposed motion for preliminary approval of the settlement. On July 22, 2022, the Court referred
the motion to the magistrate judge. The magistrate judge held a conference on September 9, 2022 in the consolidated federal action. On
February 14, 2023, the magistrate judge recommended that the Court grant the motion in its entirety. 

On March 6, 2023, the court granted preliminary approval
of the proposed settlement. The proposed settlement is subject to final approval by the court. In
addition to requiring final approval by the court, the proposed settlement is subject to certain conditions, including the filing with
the SEC of the stipulation of settlement agreed to by the Company and plaintiff (the Stipulation of Settlement ), and sending
notice to potential class members. The terms of the proposed settlement are set forth in the Stipulation of Settlement. Should the proposed
settlement receive final approval from the Court, it will result in the dismissal of the shareholder derivative lawsuits. As part of the
proposed settlement, the Company has agreed to undertake (or confirm that it has undertaken already) certain corporate governance reforms.
In addition, the Company and/or its insurer have agreed to pay a total of in attorneys fees to plaintiffs counsel. 

Litigation Settlement Obligation
and Insurance Recovery Receivable Pertaining to the Class Action Lawsuit and Shareholder Derivative Action 

The attorneys 
fees for both the Class Action Lawsuit and the Shareholder Derivative Action will be covered and paid by our directors and officers 
insurance carrier, after satisfaction of our retention. As of December 31, 2022, we have previously paid and accrued to
our financial statements covered expenses totaling , and have therefore met our insurance carrier s directors and
officers retention requirement, which caps the Company s expenses pertaining to the class action suit at . As of
December 31, 2022, in order to reflect the amounts owed from our directors and officers insurance carrier and to the Plaintiffs,
we have recorded to our balance sheet a litigation settlement obligation of and an insurance recovery receivable of 
owing from the Company s insurance carrier to the Company with respect to the settlement obligation; this obligation and receivable
will be relieved from our balance sheet upon the payment of the settlement amount to the Plaintiff by our directors and officers 
insurance carrier. 

F- 25 

CPI
AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: April 14,
 2023 
 CPI
 AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/
 Andrew L. Davis 

Andrew
L. Davis 
 Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary 
 (Principal
 financial and accounting officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Terry Stinson 
 
 Chairman of the
 Board of Directors 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Terry Stinson 

/s/Carey
Bond 
 Carey
 Bond 

Vice Chairman of
 the Board of Directors 
 
 April 14, 2023 

/s/Dorith
 Hakim 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Dorith Hakim 
 
 President (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Andrew L. Davis 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 April
 14, 2023 
 
 Andrew L. Davis 
 
 (Principal Financial
 and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Michael Faber 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Michael Faber 

/s/
 Richard Caswell 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Richard Caswell 

F- 26 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm
 SECURITIES OF THE REGISTRANT

CPI AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. 10-K 

 EXHIBIT 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The following description of the securities of CPI
Aerostructures, Inc. (the Company , we , our or similar terms) is based upon the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation Charter ), the Company s bylaws Bylaws and applicable
provisions of law. We have summarized certain portions of the Charter and Bylaws below. The summary is not complete and is subject to,
and is qualified in its entirety by express reference to, the provisions of our Charter and Bylaws, each of which is filed as an exhibit
to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. 

Authorized Capital Stock 

Pursuant to our Charter, our authorized capital stock
consists of 55,000,000 shares, of which 50,000,000 is voting Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 5,000,000 is Preferred Stock,
 0.001 par value per share. 

Common Stock 

Authorization. The outstanding shares
of the Company s common stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

Trading Market. The Company s common
stock is traded on the NYSE American exchange under the ticker symbol CVU. 

Voting Rights. Common stockholders of
record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Preemptive Rights, Etc. Our stockholders
have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock, except that upon
the consummation of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein, we will provide our stockholders with
the opportunity to redeem their shares of our common stock for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account. 

Preferred Stock 

Our Charter provides that shares of preferred stock
may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations,
powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions,
applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with
voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have
anti-takeover effects. 

We currently have no preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Provisions of New York Law and Our Charter and
Bylaws 

Certain provisions of New York law and of our Charter
and Bylaws could make our acquisition by a third party, a change in our incumbent management, or a similar change of control more difficult.
The provisions described below, and the board of directors right to issue shares of our preferred stock from time to time in one
or more classes or series without shareholder approval, as described above, may discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices
and inadequate takeover bids and encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. We
believe that these provisions help to protect our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal
to acquire or restructure us, and that this benefit outweighs the potential disadvantages of discouraging such a proposal because our
ability to negotiate with the proponent could result in an improvement of the terms of the proposal. 

Classified Board of Directors . Our board of
directors is divided into three classes. The members of each class are elected for a term of three years and only one class of directors
is elected annually. Thus, it would take at least two annual elections to replace a majority of our board of directors. Nominations for
our board of directors may be made by our board or, in certain situations, by any holder of common stock. A shareholder entitled to vote
for the election of directors may nominate a person for election as director only if the shareholder provides written notice of his nomination
to our secretary not later than 120 days in advance of the same day and month that our proxy statement was released to shareholders in
connection with the previous year s annual meeting of shareholders or, if no annual meeting was held in the previous year, then
by the end of the fiscal year to which the annual meeting in which the nomination will be made relates to. 

Stockholder Meetings . A special meeting of
our shareholders may be called only by our board of directors or our chairman of the board, if one has been elected, or our president.
Any action required or permitted to be taken by a vote of our shareholders may be taken without a meeting by written consent, except that
such written consent must be signed by the holders of all of the shares entitled to vote thereon. 

New York anti-takeover law . We are subject
to certain business combination provisions of Section 912 of the NYBCL and expect to continue to be so subject if and for
so long as we have a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Section 912 provides, with certain exceptions,
that a New York corporation may not engage in a business combination (e.g., merger, consolidation, recapitalization or disposition
of stock) with any interested shareholder for a period of five years from the date that such person first became an interested
shareholder unless the business combination or the transaction resulting in a person becoming an interested shareholder was approved by
the board of directors of the corporation prior to that person becoming an interested shareholder. No New York corporation may engage
at any time in any business combination with an interested shareholder other than (i) a business combination that is approved by the board
of directors of the corporation prior to that person becoming an interested shareholder, or where the transaction resulting in a person
becoming an interested shareholder was approved by the board of directors of the corporation prior to that person becoming an interested
shareholder; (ii) a business combination that is approved by a majority of the outstanding stock not held by the interested shareholder
or an affiliate of the interested shareholder at a meeting called no earlier than five years after the interested shareholder s
stock acquisition date; or (iii) the business combination that meets certain valuation requirements for the consideration paid. An interested
shareholder is defined as any person who (a) is the beneficial owner of 20 or more of the outstanding voting stock of a New York
corporation or (b) is an affiliate or associate of a corporation that at any time during the prior five years was the beneficial owner,
directly or indirectly, of 20 or more of the then outstanding voting stock. A business combination includes mergers, asset
sales and other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested shareholder. The stock acquisition date ,
with respect to any person and any New York corporation, means the date that such person first becomes an interested shareholder of such
corporation. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

CPI AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. 10-K 

EXHIBIT 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 

Welding Metallurgy, Inc. 

Compac Development Corporation 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm
 CONSENT OF RSM US LLP

CPI AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. 10-K 

 Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
(Nos. 333-255551, 333-212837, 333-164687 and 333-130077) on Form S-8 of CPI Aerostructures, Inc. of our report dated April 14, 2023, relating
to the consolidated financial statements of CPI Aerostructures, Inc. and Subsidiaries, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of
CPI Aerostructures, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 

New York, New York 

 April 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

CPI AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. 10-K 

 EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 

 ACT OF 2002 

I, Dorith Hakim, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CPI Aerostructures, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d -15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and to the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 14, 2023 
 CPI AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/ Dorith Hakim 

Dorith Hakim 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PRESIDENT AND DIRECTOR 

(PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

CPI AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. 10-K 

 EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 

 ACT OF 2002 

I, Andrew L. Davis, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CPI Aerostructures, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and to the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 14, 2023 
 CPI AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/ Andrew L. Davis 

Andrew L. Davis 

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND SECRETARY 

(PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 905 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

CPI AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. 10-K 

 EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of CPI Aerostructures, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Dated: April 14, 2023 
 CPI AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/ Dorith Hakim 

Dorith Hakim 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PRESIDENT AND DIRECTOR 

(PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER) 

Dated: April 14, 2023 
 CPI AEROSTRUCTURES, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/ Andrew L. Davis 

Andrew L. Davis 

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND SECRETARY 

(PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cvu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cvu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cvu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cvu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

