<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1730773_0001493152-23-012586.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9732985</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>446456</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1532200</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3230739</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2005877</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2280577</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012586.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417171152
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012586
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blue Star Foods Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001730773
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PREPARED FRESH OR FROZEN FISH & SEAFOODS [2092]
		IRS NUMBER:				824270040
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40991
		FILM NUMBER:		23824706

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3330 CLEMATIS STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 217
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-341-2684

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3330 CLEMATIS STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 217
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AG ACQUISITION GROUP II, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180207

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012586.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 
 (NASDAQ
 Capital Market) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of the large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter was . 

As
of April 17, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 3 

PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 14 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 33 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 33 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 33 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 43 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 44 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 45 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 45 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 46 
 
 ITEM
 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 46 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 47 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 51 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 58 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 59 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 61 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 62 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 68 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 69 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Except
for historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Such forward-looking statements include, among others, those statements including the words believes , anticipates ,
 expects , intends , estimates , plans and words of similar import. Such forward-looking
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements,
or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. 

Forward-looking
statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, potential target businesses, the economy and
other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties,
risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by
the forward-looking statements. We caution you therefore that you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements as statements
of historical fact or as guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those in the forward-looking statements include changes in local, regional, national or global political, economic, business,
competitive, market (supply and demand) and regulatory conditions and the following: 

Our
 ability to raise capital when needed and on acceptable terms and conditions; 

Our
 ability to make acquisitions and integrate acquired businesses into our company; 

Our
 ability to attract and retain management with experience in the business of importing, packaging and selling of seafood; 

Our
 ability to negotiate, finalize and maintain economically feasible agreements with suppliers and customers; 

The
 availability of crab meat and other premium seafood products we sell; 

The
 intensity of competition; 

Changes
 in the political and regulatory environment and in business and fiscal conditions in the United States and overseas; and 

The
 effect of COVID-19 on our operations and the capital markets. 

These
risks and others described under the section Risk Factors below are not exhaustive. 

Given
these uncertainties, readers of this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on such forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update any such factors or to publicly announce the result of any revisions
to any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments. 

All
references in this Annual Report to the Company , we , us , or our , are to Blue
Star Foods Corp., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, John Keeler 
Co., Inc., d/b/a Blue Star Foods, a Florida corporation Keeler Co. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Coastal Pride
Seafood, LLC, a Florida limited liability company Coastal Pride and Taste of BC Aquafarms, Inc., a corporation formed
under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada TOBC ). 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

History 

We
were incorporated on October 17, 2017 in the State of Delaware as a blank check company to be used as a vehicle to pursue a business
combination with an unidentified target. Following the Merger (as described below), we changed our name from AG Acquisition Group
II, Inc. to Blue Star Foods Corp. and succeeded to the business of Keeler Co. 

Merger 

On
November 8, 2018 (the Closing Date ), we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the Merger
Agreement ), with Keeler Co., Blue Star Acquisition Corp., our newly formed, wholly-owned Florida subsidiary Acquisition
Sub ), and John Keeler, Keeler Co s sole stockholder (the Sole Stockholder ). Pursuant to the terms of
the Merger Agreement, Acquisition Sub merged with and into Keeler Co, which was the surviving corporation and thus became our wholly-owned
subsidiary (the Merger ). 

At
the Closing Date, each of the 500 shares of common stock of Keeler Co issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of
the Merger were converted into 30,000 shares of our common stock. As a result, an aggregate of 15,000,000 shares of our common stock
were issued to the Sole Stockholder. 

At
the effective time of the Merger, the Company redeemed an aggregate of 9,250,000 shares of common stock from the pre-Merger stockholders
of the Company (the Pre-Merger Holders for cancellation by the Company (the Share Redemption and, as a
result, the Pre-Merger Holders retained an aggregate of 750,000 shares of common stock after the Merger, representing a value of 1.5
million. The shares were redeemed in consideration for the direct benefit the Pre-Merger Holders will receive in connection with the
consummation of the Merger. 

Offering 

Concurrently
with the closing of the Merger, we closed a private placement offering (the Offering in which we sold an aggregate of
725 units of our securities (the Units at a purchase price of 1,000 per Unit, for aggregate gross proceeds of 725,000.
Each Unit consisted of one share of the Company s 8 Series A convertible preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Series
A Stock and a three-year warrant (the Warrant to purchase one-half of one share of common stock for every share
of common stock that would be received upon conversion of a share of Series A Stock (the Warrant Shares ), at an exercise
price of 2.40. The Series A Stock is convertible into shares (the Conversion Shares of the Company s common stock,
at a conversion rate of 2.00 per share (the Conversion Rate ). We issued 353,250 Warrant Shares in the Offering, which
Warrant Shares are exercisable independently of any conversion of Series A Stock. The net proceeds of the Offering were used by the Company
for general corporate purposes. All of the Series A Stock have been converted to shares of the Company s common stock. 

Company
Settlement 

Effective
upon the closing of the Merger, we issued an aggregate of 688 Units to eleven accredited investors (the Settlement
Parties for each such individual or entity entering into a settlement and mutual general release agreement (the Settlement
Agreement with the Company in full and complete settlement and satisfaction and release of claims such Settlement Parties may
have against the Company (the Company Settlement ). 

Upon
the closing of the Merger, (i) options to purchase an aggregate of 104 shares of Keeler Co s common stock at an exercise
price of 10,000 per share, which were outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger, were converted into a ten-year immediately
exercisable options to purchase an aggregate of 3,120,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.333 (which option was subsequently
terminated unexercised), and (ii) a ten-year option to purchase 3,120,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.00, which
vested one-year from the date of grant. 

Changes
to the Board of Directors and Executive Officers 

On
the Closing Date of the Merger, the then-current directors and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer of the Company resigned
from all such positions as directors and officers of the Company and were replaced by new officers and directors. 

4 

Lock-ups 

In
connection with the Merger, each of our executive officers and directors after giving effect to the Merger (the Restricted Holders and each of the Pre-Merger Holders, holding at the closing date of the Merger an aggregate of 750,000 shares of our common stock, entered
into lock-up agreements (the Lock-Up Agreements ), whereby the Restricted Holders were restricted for a period of 18 months
and the Pre-Merger Holders were restricted for 12 months, after the Merger (the Restricted Period ), from sales or dispositions
(including pledges) in excess of 50 of all of the common stock held by (or issuable to) them and at a price below 2.20 per share (such
restrictions together the Lock-Up ). Notwithstanding such restrictions, during the Restricted Period (i) the Restricted
Holders may transfer up to 10 of their shares to a charitable organization which agrees to be bound by such Lock-Up restrictions and
(ii) the Pre-Merger Holders may transfer up to 10 of their shares to a third party which agrees to be bound by such Lock-Up restrictions.
From and after the Restricted Period, neither the Restricted Holders nor the Pre-Merger Holders may sell, dispose or otherwise transfer
more than one-third of the common stock held by such Holder in any two-month period. 

Redemption
from Pre-Merger Holders 

In
connection with the Merger, the Company redeemed an aggregate of 9,250,000 shares of common stock from the Company s Pre-Merger
Holders for cancellation by the Company (the Share Redemption and, as a result, the stockholders retained an aggregate
of 750,000 shares of common stock after the Merger (the Retained Shares ), representing a value of 1.5 million. The shares
were redeemed in consideration for the direct benefit the Pre-Merger Holders will receive in connection with the consummation of the
Merger. 

Our
authorized capital stock currently consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, and 5,000,000 shares of the preferred stock, of which
10,000 shares have been designated as Series A Stock. Our common stock is not traded on any exchange. Our common stock was quoted on
the OTC pink sheets under the symbol BSFC since February 18, 2020. Our common stock was approved for listing on NASDAQ
under the symbol BSFC and began trading on November 3, 2021. 

Coastal
Pride Acquisition 

On
November 26, 2019, Keeler Co., Inc. (the Purchaser entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization
(the Coastal Merger Agreement with Coastal Pride Company, Inc., a South Carolina corporation, Coastal Pride Seafood, LLC,
a Florida limited liability company and newly-formed, wholly-owned subsidiary of Keeler Co. (the Acquisition Subsidiary 
and, upon the effective date of the Coastal Merger, the Surviving Company), and The Walter F. Lubkin, Jr. Irrevocable Trust dated
1/8/03 (the Trust ), Walter F. Lubkin III Lubkin III ), Tracy Lubkin Greco Greco and John
C. Lubkin Lubkin ), constituting all of the shareholders of Coastal Pride Company, Inc. immediately prior to the Coastal
Merger (collectively, the Coastal Sellers ). Pursuant to the terms of the Coastal Merger Agreement, Coastal Pride Company,
Inc. merged with and into the Acquisition Subsidiary, with the Acquisition Subsidiary being the surviving company (the Coastal
Merger ). 

Coastal
Pride is a seafood company, based in Beaufort, South Carolina, that imports pasteurized and fresh crabmeat sourced primarily from Mexico
and Latin America and sells premium branded label crabmeat throughout North America. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Coastal Merger Agreement, the following consideration was paid by Keeler Co.: (i) an aggregate of 394,622
in cash; (ii) a five-year 4 promissory note in the principal amount of 500,000 (the Lubkin Note), issued by Keeler Co.
to Walter Lubkin Jr. Walter Jr. (iii) three-year 4 convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of
 210,000 (collectively, the Sellers Notes and together with the Lubkin Note, the Notes ), issued by Keeler
 Co. to Greco, Lubkin III and Lubkin, pro rata to their ownership of Coastal Pride Company, Inc. immediately prior to the Coastal
Merger; (iii) 500,000 shares of common stock of the Company, issued to Walter Lubkin, Jr. (the Walter Jr. Shares and
(iii) an aggregate of 795,000 shares of common stock of the Company, issued to Greco, Lubkin III and Lubkin, pro rata to their ownership
of Coastal Pride Company, Inc. immediately prior to the Coastal Merger (together with the Walter Jr. Shares, the Consideration
Shares ). 

5 

The
Notes are subject to a right of offset against the Coastal Sellers indemnification obligations as described in the Coastal Merger
Agreement and are subordinate and subject to prior payment of all indebtedness of John Keeler under the Loan Agreement with Lighthouse
Financial Corp., a North Carolina corporation Lighthouse ). 

Principal
and interest under the Lubkin Note are payable quarterly, commencing February 26, 2020, in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 25,000
and (i) 25 of the Surviving Company s quarterly earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization. 

One-sixth
of the principal and interest under the Sellers Notes are payable quarterly commencing on August 26, 2021. The Sellers Notes are convertible
into shares of common stock of the Company at the Seller s option, at any time after the first anniversary of the date of the Note,
at the rate of one share for each 2.00 of principal and/or interest so converted (the Conversion Shares ). 

Keeler
 Co. has the right to prepay the Notes in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium. 

On
April 15, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 16,460 shares of common stock to the Seller s in lieu of payment in cash of
accrued interest in the aggregate amount of 39,504 under the Sellers Notes. 

At
the effective time of the Coastal Merger, the Coastal Sellers entered into leak-out agreements (each, a Leak-Out Agreement pursuant to which the Coastal Sellers and Walter Jr. may not directly or indirectly pledge, sell, or transfer any of the Consideration
Shares or Conversion Shares, or enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers any of the economic consequences of ownership
of any such shares for one year from the date of the Coastal Merger. Thereafter, each Seller and Walter Jr. may transfer up to 25 of
the aggregate of the Consideration Shares and the Conversion Shares held by such person, in each successive six-month period. 

In
connection with the Coastal Merger, Lubkin III and Greco agreed to serve as president and chief financial officer, respectively, of the
Surviving Company. 

ACF
Finco I, LP ACF and Keeler Co. were parties to a loan and security agreement, originally dated as of August 31,
2016. As a condition to ACF s waiver of certain events of default under the Loan Agreement, and consent to the formation of the
Acquisition Subsidiary and the Coastal Merger, the Acquisition Subsidiary and Keeler Co. entered into the Joinder and Seventh Amendment
to the Loan Agreement which resulted, among other things, in Coastal Pride becoming an additional borrower under the Loan Agreement.
On March 31, 2021, Keeler Co. and Coastal Pride entered into a loan and security agreement (the Loan Agreement with
Lighthouse Financial Corp., a North Carolina corporation Lighthouse ), and the loan with ACF was extinguished. 

Taste
of BC Aquafarms Acquisition 

On
April 27, 2021, we entered into a stock purchase agreement (the SPA with TOBC, and Steve Atkinson and Janet Atkinson (the
 TOBC Sellers ), the owners of all of the capital stock of TOBC (the TOBC Shares pursuant to which we acquired
all of the TOBC Shares from the TOBC Sellers for an aggregate purchase price of CAD 4,000,000, subject to adjustment based upon the amount
of TOBC s working capital on the closing date (the Purchase Price as follows: (i) CAD 1,000,000 in cash, pro rata
with each TOBC Seller s ownership of TOBC (ii) by the issuance to each TOBC Seller of a non-interest bearing promissory note in
the aggregate principal amount of CAD 200,000, with a maturity date of November 30, 2021, with the principal amount of each note to be
pro rata with each TOBC Seller s ownership of TOBC, and secured by a Company guarantee and a general security agreement creating
a security interest over certain assets of the Company, and (iii) 987,741 shares of common stock, (representing CAD 2,800,000 of shares
based on USD 2.30 per share) with each TOBC Seller receiving a pro rata portion of such shares based upon the total number of TOBC shares
held by such TOBC Seller. 

On
June 24, 2021, the SPA was amended to increase the purchase price to an aggregate of CAD 5,000,000 and the TOBC acquisition closed. Pursuant
to the amendment, on August 3, 2021, an aggregate of 344,957 shares of common stock (representing CAD 1,000,000 of additional shares
calculated at USD 2.30 per share) was put in escrow until the 24-month anniversary of the closing. If, within 24 months of the closing,
TOBC has cumulative revenue of at least CAD 1,300,000, the TOBC Sellers will receive all of the escrowed shares. If, as of the 24-month
anniversary of the closing, TOBC has cumulative revenue of less than CAD 1,300,000, the TOBC Sellers will receive a prorated number of
the escrowed shares based on the actual cumulative revenue of TOBC as of such date. 

6 

In
addition to the foregoing consideration, at the time of the closing, the Company provided CAD 488,334 to TOBC for the extinguishment
of certain of TOBC s existing debt. 

The
shares of common stock received by the TOBC Sellers are subject to a leak-out restriction commencing on the date of issuance, as follows:
(i) up to 25 may be sold after 12 months; (ii) up to 50 may be sold after 18 months; (iii) up to 75 may be sold after 24 months; and
(iv) up to 100 may be sold after 30 months. 

The
TOBC Seller s non-interest-bearing promissory notes were paid in full at maturity. 

In
connection with the TOBC acquisition, the TOBC Sellers entered into four-year confidentiality, non-competition and non-solicitation agreements
with the Company. 

Gault
Seafood Asset Acquisition 

On
February 3, 2022, Coastal Pride entered into an asset purchase agreement with Gault Seafood, LLC, a South Carolina limited liability
company Gault Seafood ), and Robert J. Gault II, President of the Seller Gault pursuant to which Coastal
Pride acquired all of Gault Seafood s right, title and interest in and to assets relating to Gault Seafood s soft-shell crab
operations, including intellectual property, equipment, vehicles and other assets used in connection with the soft-shell crab operations.
Coastal Pride did not assume any liabilities in connection with the acquisition. The purchase price for the assets consisted of a cash
payment in the amount of 359,250 and the issuance of 167,093 shares of common stock of the Company with a fair value of 359,250. 

Coastal
Pride also entered into a consulting agreement with Gault under the terms of which Gault will provide consulting services to Coastal
Pride at the rate of 100 per hour, however, the first 45 days of services will be provided at no cost. Gault also agreed not to compete
with Coastal Pride and its affiliates for a period of five years in any market in which Coastal Pride is operating or is considering
operating or solicit employees, consultants, customers or suppliers or in any way interfere with Coastal Pride s business relationships
for a five-year period, Gault is also bound by customary confidentiality provisions. The Consulting Agreement may be terminated by either
party upon five days written notice and by Costal Pride immediately for cause. 

In
connection with the asset acquisition, Coastal Pride will lease 9,050 square feet from Gault for 1,000 per month under a one-year lease
agreement and will continue to operate the acquired soft-shell crab operations at such location in Beaufort, South Carolina unless a
new facility is earlier completed. 

Business
Overview 

We
are an international seafood company based in Miami, Florida that imports, packages and sells refrigerated pasteurized crab meat, and
other premium seafood products. Our current source of revenue is from importing blue and red swimming crab meat primarily from Indonesia,
the Philippines and China and distributing it in the United States and Canada under several brand names such as Blue Star, Oceanica,
Pacifika, Crab Go, First Choice, Good Stuff and Coastal Pride Fresh, and steelhead salmon and rainbow trout fingerlings produced
under the brand name Little Cedar Farms for distribution in Canada. The crab meat which we import is processed in 13 plants throughout
Southeast Asia. Our suppliers are primarily via co-packing relationships, including two affiliated suppliers. We sell primarily to food
service distributors. We also sell our products to wholesalers, retail establishments and seafood distributors. 

Strategy 

Our
long-term strategy is to create a vertically integrated seafood company that offers customers high quality products while maintaining
a focus on our core values of delivering food safety, traceability and certified resource sustainability. 

7 

We
plan to grow the Company organically by continuing to increase our customer base and by introducing new high-value product lines and
categories, as well as strategically acquiring companies that focus on additional species and proprietary technologies that we believe
we can integrate into a larger, diversified company. 

Operating
Companies 

We
operate through the following subsidiary companies: 

Keeler
 Co. , doing business as Blue Star Foods, is an international seafood company that imports, packages and sells refrigerated pasteurized
crab meat sourced primarily from Southeast Asia and other premium seafood products. 

Keeler
 Co. purchases the majority of our crab product (Portunus Pelagicus and Portunus Haanii) from processors which source the crab meat
from local fishermen in Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam, Sri Lanka and India, to whom we pay a premium in order to outfit
their boats with a proprietary GPS-based system. This system allows us to trace where the crab product originates and ensure that only
mature crabs are being harvested by the use of collapsible traps and not gill nets. 

The
crab meat is purchased directly from processors with whom we have long-standing relationships, that have agreed to source their product
in a sustainable manner. All crab meat is sourced under the Company s U.S Food Drug Administration FDA approved
Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point HACCP Plan. Additionally, all suppliers are certified by the British Retail Consortium
(the BRC and are audited annually to ensure safety and quality of our product. 

The
imported crab meat is processed in six out of the ten plants available throughout Southeast Asia. Our suppliers are primarily via co-packing
relationships, including two affiliated suppliers. We sell primarily to food service distributors. We also sell our products to wholesalers,
retail establishments and seafood distributors. 

We
have created a technology platform that tracks the product through its entire chain of custody and collects and transmits various data
to the Company in real-time, from the loading site to the packing plant, through the sorting and pasteurization process and the exporting
process to the end customer. Our technology allows our customers access to their Scan on Demand QR code-enabled traceability
application. 

Our
premium proprietary brands, Blue Star, Pacifika and Oceanica are differentiated in terms of quality and price point. 

We
believe that we utilize best-in-class technology, in both resource sustainability management and ecological packaging. 

Coastal
Pride is a seafood company, based in Beaufort, South Carolina, that imports pasteurized and fresh crab meat (Portunus Pelagicus,
Portunus Haanii and Callinectes) sourced primarily from Mexico and Latin America and sells premium branded label crab meat throughout
North America. 

It
has three premium branded label products, First Choice, Good Stuff and Coastal Pride Fresh. 

TOBC
 is a land-based recirculating aquaculture system RAS farming operation located in Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
with an annual production capacity of approximately 100 tons. It produces steelhead salmon and rainbow trout fingerlings under the brand
name Little Cedar Farms for distribution in Canada. 

TOBC s
RAS facility has been operated as a model farm for the development of salmon RAS technology. We currently intend to refine this model
farm into a 150-ton standardized module that will be replicated in the development of future farms. The next facility we hope to build,
subject to sufficient resources, will have 10 such modules, for a total production capacity of 1,500 tons. 

8 

The
current RAS facility is in an insulated, bio-secure structure in which culture conditions are controlled. The primary RAS system is composed
of thirteen culture tanks, a drum filter, a fluidized sand bed biofilter and a low head oxygenator and employs an efficient gravity fed
low head arrangement which reduces energy use as compared to other RAS designs. Additionally, there are two independent partial reuse
finishing tank systems. 

Weekly
harvests of approximately two tons of salmon are stunned and bled at the farm and then processed as fresh iced head on gutted HOG fish at a Canadian Food Inspection Agency approved processing facility. Currently, TOBC sells its salmon mainly to two wholesale seafood
distributors in Canada. 

Eggs
are purchased from two primary suppliers and are hatched approximately every eight weeks. TOBC s hatchery is composed of a recirculating
system that utilizes an upwelling heath stack incubator and five tanks with moving bed biofiltration. The fish are then
transferred to the main RAS system approximately 12 weeks post hatch. TOBC s feed is largely terrestrial based from grains and
other non-marine ingredients. 

We
believe that the faster life cycle from birth to harvesting of our salmon, as compared to conventional salmon, allows it to be produced
more economically in contained, land-based RAS farms. Although RAS farms require greater capital investment than the sea cage approach,
we believe that the higher costs are offset by more efficient growth and a shorter transportation distance to market. 

Branded
Products 

We
distribute our imported blue and red swimming crabmeat in the United States under the brand names Blue Star, Pacifika, Oceanica, Crab
 Go Premium Seafood, First Choice, Good Stuff and Coastal Pride Fresh and steelhead salmon and rainbow trout fingerlings produced
by TOBC under the brand name Little Cedar Falls. 

Blue
Star is packed with only high quality Portunus Pelagicus species crab and is produced under exacting specifications and quality control
requirements. 

Pacifika
 is a quality brand for the price conscious end user. The Portunus Haanii crab meat is packed in China and is ideal for upscale plate
presentations. 

Oceanica
 is made from the Portunus Haanii crab, which is caught and processed in Vietnam. It is an affordable choice to help reduce food cost
without sacrificing the look/taste of dishes. 

Crab
+ Go Premium Seafood is geared towards millennials as part of the trend toward pre-packaged, grab-and-go items. The product is packaged
in flexible foil pouches. 

Lubkin
Brand is packed with quality Portunus Pelagicus species crab in the Philippines and Indonesia. 

First
Choice is a quality brand packed with Portunus Haanii crab meat from Malaysia. 

Good
Stuff is a premium brand packed with high quality Callinectes species crab from Mexico. 

Coastal
Pride Fresh is packed with Callinectes Sapidus from Venezuela and the United States. 

Steelhead
salmon and rainbow trout fingerlings are produced by TOBC under the Little Cedar Falls brand. The fish are sashimi grade and only sold
as a fresh item, usually reaching end users within days of harvest. 

Competitive
Strengths 

Sustainable
and Traceable Product Sourcing. We believe that our greatest point of differentiation from other seafood companies is our efforts
to ensure that our seafood products are ethically sourced in a method that is consistent with our core values and those of our customers. 

Proprietary
Brands. We have created several brands of crab meat that are well regarded amongst our customers and are differentiated by product
quality and price point. 

9 

Eco-Friendly
Packaging. Another major point of differentiation from our competitors is our use of sustainable and ethical packaging. Our green
pouches for Eco-Fresh crab meat are patented in the United States, Europe, Thailand, the Philippines and Indonesia under patent Nos.1526091
B1 and US Patents 8,337,922 and 8,445,046. We believe since their introduction in 2003, these pouches have saved in excess of a million
metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions versus metal can packaging material. 

Growth
Strategy 

We
intend to grow our business in several ways, including: 

Growing
our existing businesses. The three current existing businesses each have different pathways to organic growth, including by increasing
their reliable access to sustainably sourced marine product and supplying to a larger and more diversified customer base. Our key objective
is to optimize the management of the companies across all companies, specifically in the marketing, sourcing and financing departments. 

Strategic
Acquisitions. We will continue to seek opportunities to acquire companies that allow us to expand into new territories, diversify
our species product categories, and where operational synergies with our existing companies may exist. We believe that we may have the
ability to layer on a sustainability model to certain companies that operate in a more traditional way, with an opportunity to increase
margins by selling a more premium product. 

Scaling
the RAS Business. We have an internal goal to reach production of 21,000 metric tons of steelhead salmon by 2028. If we can successfully
access the necessary funding through the equity capital markets and through certain debt facilities, we hope to build a series of 1,500
metric ton and 3,000 metric ton facilities throughout strategic locations in British Columbia, Canada, where TOBC is currently based. 

Industry
Overview 

The
international seafood industry is going through a period of rapid change as it strives to meet the needs of a growing population around
the world, where food consumption habits are evolving. We believe there are powerful trends emerging in the developing world (including
a growing demand for animal-based protein) as well as in the developed world (where there is an increased awareness and focus on sustainable
sourcing and protecting marine ecosystems). 

Changes
in Population Growth and Global Seafood Consumption: 

The
United Nations latest projections suggest that the global population could grow to around 8.5 billion in 2030, 9.7 billion in 2050 and
10.4 billion in 2100 (1) . 

As
the population has grown, so has per capita fish consumption. Per capita food fish consumption grew from 9.0 kg (live weight equivalent)
in the 1960s to 20.2 kg in 2020, at an average annual rate of 3 compared with a population growth rate of 1.6 (2) . 

Rising
incomes and urbanization, improvements in post-harvest practices and changes in dietary trends are projected to drive a 15 increase
in aquatic food consumption, to supply on average 21.4 kg per capita in 2030 (3) . 

Aquaculture
Has Developed as a Major Source to Meet Global Seafood Demand: 

In
2020, fisheries and aquaculture production reached an all-time record of 214 million tons, worth about 424 billion. Production of aquatic
animals in 2020 was more than 60 higher than the average in the 1990s, considerably outpacing world population growth, largely due to
increasing aquaculture production (4) . 

Total
production of aquatic animals is expected to reach 202 million tons in 2030, mainly due to sustained growth of aquaculture, projected
to reach 100 million tons for the first time in 2027 and 106 million tons in 2030 (5) . 

We
believe that the growth in consumption drives the increased growth of aquaculture and the need for recirculatory aquatic systems. 

(1)
United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs World Population Prospects (2022) 

 (2)(3)(4)(5)
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations The State of the World Fisheries and Aquaculture 2022. 

10 

Suppliers 

We
purchase crab meat directly from six processors with which we have long-standing relationships, that have agreed to source their product
in a sustainable manner. All crab meat is sourced under the Company s FDA approved HACCP Plan. Additionally, all suppliers are
certified grade A by the BRC and are audited annually to ensure safety and quality. 

The
Company had five major suppliers located in the United States, Indonesia, Vietnam and China which accounted for approximately
76 of the Company s total purchases during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s largest supplier is located
in Indonesia and accounted for 29 of the Company s total purchases in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Sales,
Marketing and Distribution 

The
Company s products are sold in the United States and Canada. Its primary current source of revenue is importing blue and red swimming
crab meat primarily from Indonesia, the Philippines and China and distributing it in the United States and Canada under several brand
names such as Blue Star, Oceanica, Pacifika, Crab Go, Lubkin s Coastal Pride, First Choice, Good Stuff, Coastal Pride Fresh
and TOBC steelhead salmon and rainbow trout fingerlings produced under the brand name Little Cedar Falls. 

The
Company stores its crab meat inventory at a third-party facility in Miami, Florida and distribution takes place from this facility. 

The
Company has a sales team based throughout the United States who sell directly to customers, most of whom are in the food service and
retail industry and also manage a network of regional and national brokers, that cover both the retail and wholesale segments. The sales
team and brokers help to pull the products through the system by creating demand at the end user level and pulling the demand through
our distributor customers. The Company sells to retail customers either directly or via distributors that specialize in the retail segment. 

The
Company does not own its own fleet of trucks and utilizes less than truckload freight shipping LTL national freight carriers
to deliver its products to its customers. LTL is used for the transportation of small freight or when freight does not require the use
of an entire trailer. When shipping LTL, the Company pays for a portion of a standard truck trailer, and other shippers and their shipments
fill the unoccupied space. 

Customers 

Our
customer base is comprised of some of the largest companies in the food service and retail industry throughout the United States. We
sell our crab meat to our customers through purchase orders. For the year ended December 31, 2022, sales to food distributors and retail
and wholesale clubs accounted for 59 of our revenue. The balance of our revenue is derived from smaller seafood distributors and value-added
processors. 

The
Company had nine customers which accounted for approximately 59 of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. One customer accounted
for 36 of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. The loss of any major customer could have a material adverse impact on
the Company s results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

Competition 

In
general, the international seafood industry is intensely competitive and highly fragmented. We compete with local and overseas manufacturers
and importers engaged in similar products. 

11 

The
Company s primary competitors in its traditional sustainable seafood businesses are Tri Union Frozen Products, Inc. (Chicken of
the Sea Frozen Foods), Phillips Foods, Inc., Harbor Seafood, Inc., Newport International and Twin Tails Seafood Corp. 

The
Company s primary competitors in its RAS business are Aquabounty, Atlantic Sapphire, Aquaco, Nordic Aquafarms, Whole Oceans, West
Coast Salmon and Pure Salmon. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
intellectual property is an essential element of our business. We use a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret and
other intellectual property laws and confidentiality agreements to protect our intellectual property. Our policy is to seek patent protection
in the United States and in certain foreign jurisdictions for our products, processes and other technology where available and when appropriate.
We also in-license technology, inventions and improvements we consider important to the development of our business. 

In
addition to our patents, we also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, trademarks, copyright protection and continuing technological and
licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. We monitor the activities of our competitors and other third
parties with respect to their use of intellectual property. We require our employees to execute confidentiality and non-competition agreements
upon commencing employment with us. Despite these safeguards, any of our know-how or trade secrets not protected by a patent could be
disclosed to, or independently developed by, a competitor. 

It
is our standard practice to require our employees to sign agreements acknowledging that all inventions, trade secrets, works of authorship,
developments and other processes generated by them on our behalf are our property, and assigning to us any ownership in those works.
Despite our precautions, it may be possible for third parties to obtain and use without consent intellectual property that we own. Unauthorized
use of our intellectual property by third parties and the expenses incurred in protecting our intellectual property rights, may adversely
affect our business. 

Borrowings
under our loan and security agreement with Lighthouse are secured by substantially all of our personal property, including our intellectual
property. 

The
following is a list of our patents: 

Title 
 
 Country 
 
 Patent
 No. OR 
 Publication
 No 
 
 Issue
 Date 
 
 Application
 No. 
 
 Application 
 Date 
 
 POUCH-PACKAGED
 CRABMEAT PRODUCT AND METHOD 
 
 US 
 
 2015/0257426
 A1 

14/205,742 
 
 3/12/2014 
 
 METHOD
 FOR PACKAGING CRABMEAT 
 
 US 
 
 8445046
 B2 
 
 5/21/2013 
 
 13/681,027 
 
 11/19/2012 
 
 METHOD
 FOR PACKAGING CRABMEAT 
 
 US 
 
 8337922
 B2 
 
 12/25/2012 
 
 10/691,480 
 
 10/21/2003 
 
 METHOD
 FOR PACKAGING CRABMEAT 
 
 EPC 
 
 1526091
 B1 

10/21/2004 

TH 
 
 28,256 

PH 
 
 1-2005-000216 

ID 
 
 20261 

Our
patents expire 20 years from the date of issuance which range from year 2007 to 2015. 

12 

The
following is a list of our registered trademarks and trademarks for which we have filed applications. 

Mark 
 
 Registration
 No 
 
 Registration
 Date 
 
 Application
 No. 
 
 Application
 Date 
 
 AMERICA S
 FAVORITE CRABMEAT 
 
 2961590 
 
 6/7/05 
 
 78344059 
 
 12/22/03 
 
 ECO-FRESH 
 
 4525998 
 
 5/6/14 
 
 77922376 
 
 1/28/10 

3858522 
 
 10/5/10 
 
 77885209 
 
 12/3/09 

3818057 
 
 7/13/10 
 
 77885203 
 
 12/3/09 
 
 OCEANICA 
 
 3711200 
 
 11/17/09 
 
 77595180 
 
 10/17/08 

2419060 
 
 1/9/01 
 
 75855876 
 
 11/19/19 
 
 Lubkin s
 Coastal Pride 
 
 2879531 
 
 8/31/04 
 
 78289067 
 
 8/19/03 
 
 Lubkin s
 Good Stuff 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 87919629 
 
 5/14/18 
 
 Lubkin s
 First Choice 
 
 H/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 88645685 
 
 10/8/19

Canadian
Intellectual Property Office registered trademarks: 

Little
Cedar Falls Registration #1766337- Expiration: June 20, 2032 

 Taste
of BC Registration #1561871 - Expiration: January 31, 2034 

Government
Regulation 

Our
third-party distribution facilities and our international suppliers are certified in accordance with the HACCP, standards for exporting
aquatic products to the United States. The HACCP standards are developed by the FDA, pursuant to the FDA s HACCP regulation, Title
21, Code of Federal Regulations, part 123, and are used by the FDA to help ensure food safety and control sanitary standards. 

Food
Safety and Labeling 

We
are subject to extensive regulation, including, among other things, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended by the Food Safety Modernization
Act FSMA ), the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder by the FDA. The FSMA was enacted in order to aid the effective prevention of food safety issues in the food supply.
This comprehensive and evolving regulatory program impacts how food is grown, packed, processed, shipped and imported into the United
States and it governs compliance with Good Manufacturing Practices regulations. The FDA has finalized seven major rules to implement
FSMA, recognizing that ensuring the safety of the food supply is a shared responsibility among many different points in the global supply
chain. The FSMA rules are designed to make clear specific actions that must be taken at each of these points to prevent contamination.
Some aspects of these laws use a strict liability standard for imposing sanctions on corporate behavior. If we fail to comply with applicable
laws and regulations, we may be subject to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls, or seizures, and criminal sanctions,
any of which could impact our results of operations. 

In
addition, the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990 prescribes the format and content of certain information required to appear
on the labels of food products. 

Our
operations and products are also subject to state and local regulation, including the registration and licensing of plants, enforcement
by state health agencies of various state standards, and the registration and inspection of facilities. Compliance with federal, state
and local regulation is costly and time-consuming. Enforcement actions for violations of federal, state, and local regulations may include
seizure and condemnation of products, cease and desist orders, injunctions or monetary penalties. We believe that our practices are sufficient
to maintain compliance with applicable government regulations. 

13 

Trade 

For
the purchase of products harvested or manufactured outside of the United States, and for the shipment of products to customers located
outside of the United States, we are subject to customs laws regarding the import and export of shipments. Our activities, including
working with customs brokers and freight forwarders, are subject to regulation by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, part of the Department
of Homeland Security. 

TOBC 

TOBC s
aquafarms facility in Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada with an annual production capacity of approximately 100 tons are licensed under
the Canadian Department of Fisheries and Oceans. Harvests of steelhead salmon and rainbow trout fingerlings are processed as iced HOG
fish locally at a Canadian Food Inspection Agency approved processing facility. 

Federal
Trade Commission 

We
are subject to certain regulations by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. Advertising of our products is subject to such regulation pursuant
to the Federal Trade Commission Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Employee
Safety Regulations 

We
are subject to certain health and safety regulations, including regulations issued pursuant to the Occupational Safety and Health Act.
These regulations require us to comply with certain manufacturing, health, and safety standards to protect our employees from accidents. 

Anticorruption 

Because
we are organized under the laws of a state and our principal place of business is in the United States, we are considered a domestic
concern under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and are covered by the anti-bribery provisions of the FCPA.
The provisions prohibit any domestic concern and any officer, director, employee, or agent, acting on behalf of the domestic concern
from paying or authorizing payment of anything of value to (i) influence any act or decision by a foreign official; (ii) induce a foreign
official to do or omit to do any act in violation of his/her lawful duty; (iii) secure any improper advantage; or (iv) induce a foreign
official to use his/her influence to assist the payor in obtaining or retaining business, or directing business to another person. 

Environmental
Regulation 

We
are subject to a number of federal, state, and local laws and other requirements relating to the protection of the environment and the
safety and health of personnel and the public. These requirements relate to a broad range of our activities, including the discharge
of pollutants into the air and water; the identification, generation, storage, handling, transportation, disposal, recordkeeping, labeling,
and reporting of, and emergency response in connection with, hazardous materials (including asbestos) associated with our operations;
noise emissions from our facilities; and safety and health standards, practices, and procedures that apply to the workplace and the operation
of our facilities. 

Employees 

As
of April 17, 2023, we had thirty-five full time employees and no part-time employees. We believe that our future success will depend,
in part, on our continued ability to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

This
Annual Report contains certain statements relating to future events or the future financial performance of our Company. You are cautioned
that such statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual events or results may differ materially.
In evaluating such statements, you should specifically consider the various factors identified in this annual report, including the matters
set forth below, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. 

14 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors before deciding
to invest in our Company. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects for growth would likely suffer. 

Risks
Relating to Our Company and Business 

Future
acquisitions may have an adverse effect on our ability to manage our business. 

Selective
acquisitions currently form part of our strategy to further expand our business. If we are presented with appropriate opportunities,
we may acquire additional businesses, services or products that are complementary to our core business. Future acquisitions and the subsequent
integration of new companies into ours would require significant attention from management. Future acquisitions would also expose us
to potential risks, including risks associated with the assimilation of new operations, services and personnel, unforeseen or hidden
liabilities, the diversion of resources from our existing businesses and technologies, the inability to generate sufficient revenue to
offset the costs and expenses of acquisitions and potential loss of, or harm to, relationships with employees as a result of integration
of new businesses. The diversion of our management s attention and any difficulties encountered in any integration process could
have a material adverse effect on our ability to manage our business. 

Our
obligations to Lind Global Fund II LP, a Delaware limited partnership Lind pursuant to a 5,750,000 convertible note
are secured by a first priority security interest in all of our assets, so if we default on those obligations, Lind could foreclose on,
liquidate and/or take possession of our assets. If that were to happen, we could be forced to curtail, or even to cease, our operations. 

On
January 24, 2022, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with Lind pursuant to which we issued to Lind a senior secured, two-year,
interest free convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 5,750,000. Simultaneously, we entered into a security agreement
with Lind pursuant to which Lind was granted a first priority security interest and lien on all of the assets of the Company including
a pledge on its shares in Keeler Co., its wholly-owned subsidiary, pursuant to stock pledge agreement with Lind, dated January
24, 2022. Each subsidiary of the Company also granted a second priority security interest in all of its respective assets. As a result,
if we default on our obligations under the note, Lind could foreclose on their security interest and liquidate or take possession of
some or all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations
and could require us to curtail, or even to cease our operations. 

The
value of crab meat is subject to fluctuation which may result in volatility of our results of operations and the value of an investment
in the Company. 

Our
business is dependent upon the sale of a commodity which value is subject to fluctuation. Our net sales and operating results vary significantly
due to the volatility of the value of the crab meat that we sell which may result in the volatility of the market price of our common
stock. 

A
material decline in the population and biomass of crab meat that we sell in the fisheries from which we obtain our crab meat would materially
and adversely affect our business. 

The
population and biomass of crab meat are subject to natural fluctuations which are beyond our control and which may be exacerbated by
disease, reproductive problems or other biological issues and may be affected by changes in weather and the global environment. The overall
health of a crab or other fish is difficult to measure, and fisheries management is still a relatively inexact science. Since we are
unable to predict the timing and extent of fluctuations in the population and biomass of our products, we are unable to engage in any
measures that might alleviate the adverse effects of these fluctuations. Any such fluctuation which results in a material decline in
the population and biomass in the fisheries from which we obtain our crab meat would materially and adversely affect our business. Our
operations are also subject to the risk of variations in supply. 

15 

We
are subject to the risk of product contamination and product liability claims. 

The
sales of our products may involve the risk of injury to consumers. Such injuries may result from tampering by unauthorized personnel,
product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, or residues introduced during the
packing, storage, handling or transportation phases. While we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and believe our
facilities comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations, including internal product safety policies, we cannot
be sure that consumption of our products will not cause a health-related illness in the future or that we will not be subject to claims
or lawsuits relating to such matters. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful, the negative publicity surrounding any assertion
that our products caused illness or injury could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and our brand
image. 

A
significant portion of our revenues are derived from a single product, crab meat, and therefore we are highly susceptible to changes
in market demand, which may be affected by factors over which we have limited or no control. 

A
significant portion of our revenues are derived from a single product, crab meat. We therefore are highly susceptible to changes in market
demand, which may be impacted by factors over which we have limited or no control. Factors that could lead to a decline in market demand
for crab meat include economic conditions and evolving consumer preferences. A substantial downturn in market demand for crab meat may
have a material adverse effect on our business and on our results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Industry and TOBC s RAS Operations 

Regulation
of the fishing industry may have an adverse impact on our business. 

The
international community has been aware of and concerned with the worldwide problem of depletion of natural fish stocks. In the past,
these concerns have resulted in the imposition of quotas that subject individual countries to strict limitations on the amount of seafood
that is allowed to be caught or harvested. Environmental groups have been lobbying for additional limitations. If international organizations
or national governments were to impose additional limitations on crab meat or the seafood products we sell, this could have a negative
impact on our results of operations. 

Segments
of the seafood industry in which we operate are competitive, and our inability to compete successfully could adversely affect our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

We
compete with major integrated seafood companies such as Tri Union Frozen Products, Inc. (Chicken of the Sea Frozen Foods), Phillips Foods,
Inc., Harbor Seafood, Inc., and Twin Tails Seafood Corp. in our traditional sustainable seafood business and our primary competitors
in our RAS business are Aquabounty, Atlantic Sapphire, Aquacon, Nordic Aquafarms, Whole Oceans, West Coast Salmon and Pure Salmon. Some
of our competitors have the benefit of marketing their products under brand names that have better market recognition than ours or have
stronger marketing and distribution channels than we do. Increased competition as to any of our products could result in price reduction,
reduced margins and loss of market share, which could negatively affect our profitability. An increase in imported products in the United
States at low prices could also negatively affect our profitability. 

Our
insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover losses we may incur or to fully replace a significant loss of assets. 

Our
involvement in the fishing industry may result in liability for pollution, property damage, personal injury or other hazards. Although
we believe we have obtained insurance in accordance with industry standards to address such risks, such insurance has limitations on
liability and/or deductible amounts that may not be sufficient to cover the full extent of such liabilities or losses. In addition, such
risks may not, in all circumstances, be insurable or, in certain circumstances, we may choose not to obtain insurance to protect against
specific risks due to the high premiums associated with such insurance or for other reasons. The payment of such uninsured liabilities
would reduce the funds available to us. If we suffer a significant event or occurrence that is not fully insured, or if the insurer of
such event is not solvent, we could be required to divert funds from capital investment or other uses towards covering any liability
or loss for such events. 

16 

Our
operations, revenue and profitability could be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations in the countries where we do business. 

The
governments of countries into which we sell our products, from time to time, consider regulatory proposals relating to raw materials,
food safety and markets, and environmental regulations, which, if adopted, could lead to disruptions in distribution of our products
and increase our operational costs, which, in turn, could affect our profitability. To the extent that we increase our product prices
as a result of such changes, our sales volume and revenues may be adversely affected. 

Furthermore,
these governments may change import regulations or impose additional taxes or duties on certain imports from time to time. These regulations
and fees or new regulatory developments may have a material adverse impact on our operations, revenue and profitability. If one or more
of the countries into which we sell our products bars the import or sale of crab meat or related products, our available market would
shrink significantly, adversely impacting our results of operations and growth potential. 

A
decline in discretionary consumer spending may adversely affect our industry, our operations and ultimately our profitability. 

Luxury
products, such as premium grade crab meat, are discretionary purchases for consumers. Any reduction in consumer discretionary spending
or disposable income may affect the crab meat industry significantly. Many economic factors outside of our control could affect consumer
discretionary spending, including the financial markets, consumer credit availability, prevailing interest rates, energy costs, employment
levels, salary levels, and tax rates. Any reduction in discretionary consumer spending could materially adversely affect our business
and financial condition. 

Our
business is affected by the quality and quantity of the salmon that is harvested by TOBC. 

We
sell our products in a highly competitive market. The ability of TOBC to successfully sell its salmon and the price therefor, is highly
dependent on the quality of the salmon. A number of factors can negatively affect the quality of the salmon sold, including the quality
of the broodstock, water conditions in the farm, the food and additives consumed by the fish, population levels in the tanks, and the
amount of time that it takes to bring a fish to harvest, including transportation and processing. Optimal growing conditions cannot always
be assured. Although fish grown in RAS production systems are not subject to the disease and parasite issues that can affect salmon grown
in ocean pens, there is the potential for organisms that are ubiquitous to freshwater environments to become pathogenic if the fish are
subjected to stressful conditions or there is an issue with biomass management. 

High
standards for the quality of the product are maintained and if we determine that a harvest has not met such standards, we may be required
to reduce inventory and write down the value of the harvest to reflect net realizable value. Sub-optimal conditions could lead to smaller
harvests and or lower quality fish. Conversely, if we experience better than expected growth rates, we may not be able to process and
bring our fish to market in a timely manner, which may result in overcrowding that can cause negative health impacts and/or require culling
our fish population. 

Furthermore,
if our salmon is perceived by the market to be of lower quality than other available sources of salmon or other fish, we may experience
reduced demand for our product and may not be able to sell our products at the prices that we expect or at all. 

As
we continue to expand our operations and build new farms, we potentially may face additional challenges with maintaining the quality
of our products. We cannot guarantee that we will not face quality issues in the future, any of which could cause damage to our reputation,
and a loss of consumer confidence in our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results and the value of
our brands. 

A
shutdown, damage to any of our farms, or lack of availability of power, fuel, oxygen, eggs, water, or other key components needed for
our operations, could result in our prematurely harvesting fish, a loss of a material percentage of our fish in production, a delay in
our commercialization plans, and a material adverse effect on our operations, business results, reputation, and the value of our brands. 

An
interruption in the power, fuel, oxygen supply, water quality systems, or other critical infrastructure of an aquaculture facility for
more than a short period of time could lead to the loss of a large number of fish. A shutdown of or damage to our farm due to natural
disaster, shortages of key components to our operations due to a pandemic, reduction in water supply, contamination of our aquifers,
interruption in services, or human interference could require us to prematurely harvest some or all of the fish or could result in a
loss of our fish in production. 

17 

We
also are dependent on egg availability If we had a disruption in our ability to purchase eggs, we would not be able to continue to stock
our farm. We cannot guarantee that any disruptions might not occur in the future, any of which could cause loss of salmon to sell, damage
to our reputation, loss of consumer confidence in our products and company, and lost revenues, all of which could have a material adverse
effect on our business results. 

The
successful development of our TOBC business depends on TOBC s ability to efficiently and cost-effectively produce and sell salmon
at large commercial scale. 

Our
business plans depend on our ability to increase our production capacity through the development of larger farms. We have limited experience
constructing, ramping up, and managing such large, commercial-scale facilities, and we may not have anticipated all of the factors or
costs that could affect our production, harvest, sale, and delivery of salmon at such a scale. Our salmon may not perform as expected
when raised at very large commercial scale, we may encounter operational challenges, control deficiencies may surface, our vendors may
experience capacity constraints, or our production cost and timeline projections may prove to be inaccurate. Any of these could decrease
process efficiency, create delays, and increase our costs. We are also subject to volatility in market demand and prices, such as the
disruption of the salmon market including reduction in market prices for salmon. 

In
addition, competitive pressures, customer volatility and the possible inability to secure established and ongoing customer partnerships
and contracts, may result in a lack of buyers for our fish. Customers of our fish may not wish to follow our terms and conditions of
sale, potentially resulting in a violation of labeling or disclosure laws, improper food handling, nonpayment for product, and similar
issues. The competitive landscape for salmon may create challenges in securing competitive pricing for our salmon to reach our competitive
goals. In addition, it is possible that we may not be able to service our customers to meet their expectations regarding fish quality,
ongoing harvest supply availability, order processing fill rate, on time or correct deliveries, potential issues with third party processors,
and other factors, which could impact our relationships with customers, our reputation, and our business results. 

Risks
Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 

We
are dependent on third parties for our operations and our business may be affected by supply chain interruptions and delays. 

Our
business is dependent upon our relationships with vendors in Southeast Asia and Latin America for co-packing, processing and shipping
product to us. If for any reason these companies became unable or unwilling to continue to provide services to us, this would likely
lead to a temporary interruption in our ability to import our products until we found another entity that could provide these services.
Moreover, if supply chain delays occur, our product will arrive late which will adversely impact our revenue. Failure to find a suitable
replacement, even on a temporary basis, would have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We
do not have long-term agreements with many of our customers and suppliers. 

Many
of our customers and suppliers operate through purchase orders. Though we have long-term business relationships with many of our customers
and suppliers and alternative sources of supply for key items, we do not have long-term agreements with such customers and suppliers
and cannot be sure that any of these customers or suppliers will continue to do business with us on the same basis or on terms that are
favorable to us. The termination or modification of any of these relationships may adversely affect our business, financial performance
and results of operations. 

18 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern
in its report on our audited financial statements. 

The
report from our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes an explanatory paragraph
stating that the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt
about its ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on its ability
to increase revenues, execute on its business plan to acquire complimentary companies, raise capital and continue to sustain adequate
working capital to finance its operations. If we are unable to do so, our financial condition and results of operations will be materially
and adversely affected and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Our
loan and security agreement with Lighthouse contains operating and financial covenants that may restrict business and financing activities
of our subsidiaries, Keeler Co. and Coastal Pride. 

Borrowings
under our loan and security agreement with Lighthouse are secured by substantially all of our personal property, including our intellectual
property. Our loan and security agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants which restricts our wholly-owned subsidiary, Keeler
 Co. and its subsidiary, Coastal Pride s ability to, among other things: 

dispose
 of or sell its assets; 

make
 material changes in its business; 

merge
 with or acquire other entities or assets; 

incur
 additional indebtedness; 

create
 liens on its assets; 

pay
 dividends; and 

make
 investments. 

The
operating and financial restrictions and covenants in our loan and security agreement, as well as any future financing agreements into
which we may enter, may restrict the ability to finance operations and engage in, expand or otherwise pursue business activities and
strategies. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and future breaches of any of these
covenants could result in a default under our loan and security agreement. If not waived, future defaults could cause all of the outstanding
indebtedness under our loan and security agreement to become immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further
credit. 

If
we do not have or are unable to generate sufficient cash available to repay our debt obligations when they become due and payable, either
upon maturity or in the event of a default, we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at
all, which may negatively impact our ability to operate and continue our business as a going concern. 

We
face risks related to the current global economic environment which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
state of the global economy continues to be uncertain. The current global economic conditions and uncertain credit markets, concerns
regarding the availability of credit pose a risk that could impact our international relationships, as well as our ability to manage
normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors, including financial institutions. Global trade issues and
the impositions of tariffs could also have an adverse effect on our international business activities. If the current global economic
environment deteriorates, our business could be negatively affected. 

19 

We
may need to raise additional capital to fund our existing commercial operations and develop and commercialize new products and expand
our operations. 

Based
on our current business plan, we believe the net proceeds from our underwritten offering, together with our current cash and cash equivalents
and cash receipts from sales will enable us to conduct our planned operations for at least the next 12 months. If our available cash
balances, net proceeds from the offering and anticipated cash flow from operations are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements
including because of lower demand for our products or due to other risks described herein, we may seek to sell common stock or preferred
stock or convertible debt securities, enter into an additional credit facility or another form of third-party funding or seek other debt
financing. 

We
may consider raising additional capital in the future to expand our business, to pursue strategic investments, to take advantage of financing
opportunities or for other reasons, including to: 

increase
 our sales and marketing efforts and address competitive developments; 

provide
 for supply and inventory costs; 

fund
 development and marketing efforts of any future products or additional features to then-current products; 

acquire,
 license or invest in new technologies; 

acquire
 or invest in complementary businesses or assets; and 

finance
 capital expenditures and general and administrative expenses 

Our
present and future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

our
 ability to achieve revenue growth and improve gross margins; 

the
 cost of expanding our operations and offerings, including our sales and marketing efforts; 

the
 effect of competing market developments; and 

costs
 related to international expansion. 

The
various ways we could raise additional capital carry potential risks. If we raise funds by issuing equity securities, dilution to our
stockholders could result. Any equity securities issued also could provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of holders
of our common stock. If we raise funds by issuing debt securities, those debt securities would have rights, preferences and privileges
senior to those of holders of our common stock. The terms of debt securities issued or borrowings pursuant to a credit agreement could
impose significant restrictions on our operations. If we raise funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements, we might be required
to relinquish significant rights or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 

We
incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company and our management devotes substantial time to public company compliance. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses due to our compliance with regulations and disclosure obligations
applicable to us, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), and the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act as well as rules implemented by the SEC,
and the OTC Markets. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and
regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and
impact, in ways we cannot currently anticipate, the manner in which we operate our business. Our management and other personnel devote
a substantial amount of time to monitoring of and compliance with, public company reporting obligations. These rules and regulations
cause us to incur significant legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time consuming and costly. 

20 

To
comply with the requirements of being a public company, we may need to undertake various actions, including implementing internal controls
and procedures. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. Any failure to develop or maintain
effective controls could harm our operating results, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in a restatement of
prior period financial statements. In the event that we are not able to demonstrate compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, that our
internal control over financial reporting is perceived as inadequate or that we are unable to produce timely or accurate financial statements,
investors may lose confidence in our operating results and the price of our common stock could decline. In addition, if we are unable
to continue to meet these requirements, our common stock may not be able to continue to meet the eligibility requirements for the NASDAQ
Stock Market. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting until the later of our second annual report or the first annual report required to be filed with the SEC following
the date we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act depending on whether we choose to rely
on certain exemptions set forth in the JOBS Act. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective,
or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could harm
our business. 

Risks
Related to Administrative, Organizational and Commercial Operations and Growth 

We
may be unable to manage our future growth effectively, which could make it difficult to execute our business strategy. 

We
anticipate growth in our business operations. This future growth could create a strain on our organizational, administrative and operational
infrastructure, including manufacturing operations, quality control, technical support and customer service, sales force management and
general and financial administration. Our ability to manage our growth properly will require us to continue to improve our operational,
financial and management controls, as well as our reporting systems and procedures. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively,
we may be unable to execute our business plan, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our results of operations. 

If
we are unable to support demand for our current and our future products, including ensuring that we have adequate resources to meet increased
demand and mitigate any supply chain delays our business could be harmed. 

As
our commercial operations and sales volume grow, we will need to continue to increase our workflow capacity for processing, customer
service, billing and general process improvements and expand our internal quality assurance program, and mitigate any supply chain delays
we could have with our vendors, among other things. We may also need to purchase additional equipment and increase our manufacturing,
maintenance, software and computing capacity to meet increased demand. We cannot assure you that any of these increases in scale, expansion
of personnel, purchase of equipment or process enhancements will be successfully implemented. 

The
loss of our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or our inability to attract and retain highly skilled officers and key personnel
could negatively impact our business. 

Our
success depends on the skills, experience and performance of John Keeler, our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The individual
and collective efforts of such individual will be important as we continue to develop and expand our commercial activities. The loss
or incapacity of Mr. Keeler could negatively impact our operations if we experience difficulties in hiring qualified successors. Qualified
employees periodically are in great demand and may be unavailable in the time frame required to satisfy our customers requirements.
Expansion of our business could require us to employ additional personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be able to attract
and retain sufficient numbers of skilled employees in the future. The loss of personnel or our inability to hire or retain sufficient
personnel at competitive rates could impair the growth of our business. 

21 

If
we were sued for product liability or professional liability, we could face substantial liabilities that exceed our resources. 

The
marketing and sale of our products could lead to the filing of product liability claims alleging that our product made users ill. A product
liability claim could result in substantial damages and be costly and time-consuming for us to defend. 

We
maintain product liability insurance, but this insurance may not fully protect us from the financial impact of defending against product
liability claims. Any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could increase our insurance rates or prevent
us from securing insurance coverage in the future. Additionally, any product liability lawsuit could lead to regulatory investigations,
product recalls or withdrawals, damage our reputation or cause current vendors, suppliers and customers to terminate existing agreements
and potential customers and partners to seek other suppliers, any of which could negatively impact our results of operations. 

We
face risks associated with our international business. 

Our
international business operations are subject to a variety of risks, including: 

difficulties
 with managing foreign and geographically dispersed operations; 

having
 to comply with various U.S. and international laws, including export control laws and the FCPA, and anti-money laundering laws; 

changes
 in uncertainties relating to foreign rules and regulations; 

tariffs,
 export or import restrictions, restrictions on remittances abroad, imposition of duties or taxes that limit our ability to import
 product; 

limitations
 on our ability to enter into cost-effective arrangements with distributors, or at all; 

fluctuations
 in foreign currency exchange rates; 

imposition
 of limitations on production, sale or export in foreign countries; 

imposition
 of limitations on or increase of withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by foreign processors or joint ventures; 

imposition
 of differing labor laws and standards; 

economic,
 political or social instability in foreign countries and regions; 

an
 inability, or reduced ability, to protect our intellectual property, including any effect of compulsory licensing imposed by government
 action; 

availability
 of government subsidies or other incentives that benefit competitors in their local markets that are not available to us; 

difficulties
 in recruiting and retaining personnel, and managing international operations; 

less
 developed infrastructure; and impositions on operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

22 

If
we expand into other target markets, we cannot assure you that our expansion plans will be realized, or if realized, be successful. We
expect each market to have particular regulatory and funding hurdles to overcome and future developments in these markets, including
the uncertainty relating to governmental policies and regulations, could harm our business. If we expend significant time and resources
on expansion plans that fail or are delayed, our reputation, business and financial condition may be harmed. 

Our
results may be impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Currently,
the majority of our international sales contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars. We pay certain of our suppliers in a foreign currency
and we may pay others in the future in foreign currency. As a result, an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign
currencies could require us to reduce our selling price or risk making our product less competitive in international markets or our costs
could increase. Also, if our international sales increase, we may enter into a greater number of transactions denominated in non-U.S.
dollars, which could expose us to foreign currency risks, including changes in currency exchange rates. 

A
larger portion of our revenues may be denominated in other foreign currencies if we expand our international operations. Conducting business
in currencies other than U.S. dollars subjects us to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could have a negative impact on our
operating results. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies impact our revenues, cost of revenues and
operating margins and result in foreign currency translation gains and losses. 

We
could be negatively impacted by violations of applicable anti-corruption laws or violations of our internal policies designed to ensure
ethical business practices. 

We
operate in a number of countries throughout the world, including in countries that do not have as strong a commitment to anti-corruption
and ethical behavior that is required by U.S. laws or by corporate policies. We are subject to the risk that we, our U.S. employees or
our employees located in other jurisdictions or any third parties that we engage to do work on our behalf in foreign countries may take
action determined to be in violation of anti-corruption laws in any jurisdiction in which we conduct business. Any violation of anti-corruption
laws or regulations could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil and/or criminal penalties and curtailment of operations in certain
jurisdictions and might harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, detecting, investigating and resolving
actual or alleged violations is expensive and can consume significant time and attention of our senior management. 

We
depend on our information technology systems, and any failure of these systems could harm our business. 

We
depend on information technology and telecommunications systems for significant elements of our operations. We have developed propriety
software for the management and operation of our business. We have installed and expect to expand a number of enterprise software systems
that affect a broad range of business processes and functional areas, including for example, systems handling human resources, financial
controls and reporting, contract management, regulatory compliance and other infrastructure operations. 

Information
technology and telecommunications systems are vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network
failures, malicious human acts and natural disasters. Moreover, despite network security and back-up measures, some of our servers are
potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems. Despite the precautionary
measures we have taken to prevent unanticipated problems that could affect our information technology and telecommunications systems,
failures or significant downtime of our information technology or telecommunications systems or those used by our third-party service
providers could prevent us from providing support services and product to our customers and managing the administrative aspects of our
business. Any disruption or loss of information technology or telecommunications systems on which critical aspects of our operations
depend could harm our business. 

23 

Our
operations are vulnerable to interruption or loss due to natural or other disasters, power loss, strikes and other events beyond our
control. 

We
conduct a significant portion of our activities, including administration and data processing, at facilities located in Southern Florida
that have experienced major hurricanes and floods which could affect our facilities, significantly disrupt our operations, and delay
or prevent product shipment during the time required to repair, rebuild or replace damaged processing facilities. Our suppliers in Southeast
Asia and Latin America are also vulnerable to natural disasters which could disrupt their operations and their ability to supply product
to us. If any of our customers facilities are negatively impacted by a disaster, product shipments could be delayed. Additionally,
customers may delay purchases of products until operations return to normal. Even if we and/or our suppliers are able to quickly respond
to a disaster, the ongoing effects of the disaster could create some uncertainty in the operations of our business. In addition, our
facilities may be subject to a shortage of available electrical power and other energy supplies. Any shortages may increase our costs
for power and energy supplies or could result in blackouts, which could disrupt the operations of our affected facilities and harm our
business. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

Our
intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to adequately protect, or uncertainty regarding validity, enforceability
or scope of them could undermine our competitive position and reduce the value of our products, services and brand, and litigation to
protect our intellectual property rights may be costly. 

We
attempt to strengthen and differentiate our product portfolio by developing new and innovative products and product improvements. As
a result, our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property rights are important assets to us. Various
events outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights as well as to our products and services. For example,
effective intellectual property protection may not be available in countries in which our products are sold. Also, although we have registered
our trademark in various jurisdictions, our efforts to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant
impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. Litigation might be necessary to protect
our intellectual property rights and any such litigation may be costly and may divert our management s attention from our core
business. An adverse determination in any lawsuit involving our intellectual property is likely to jeopardize our business prospects
and reputation. Although we are not aware of any of such litigation, we have no insurance coverage against litigation costs, and we would
be forced to bear all litigation costs if we cannot recover them from other parties. All foregoing factors could harm our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. Any unauthorized use of our intellectual property could harm our operating results. 

We
may be exposed to infringement or misappropriation claims by third parties, which, if determined against us, could adversely affect our
business and subject us to significant liability to third parties. 

Our
success mainly depends on our ability to use and develop our technology and product designs without infringing upon the intellectual
property rights of third parties. We may be subject to litigation involving claims of patent infringement or violations of other intellectual
property rights of third parties. Holders of patents and other intellectual property rights potentially relevant to our product offerings
may be unknown to us, which may make it difficult for us to acquire a license on commercially acceptable terms. There may also be technologies
licensed to us and that we rely upon that are subject to infringement or other corresponding allegations or claims by third parties which
may damage our ability to rely on such technologies. In addition, although we endeavor to ensure that companies that work with us possess
appropriate intellectual property rights or licenses, we cannot fully avoid the risks of intellectual property rights infringement created
by suppliers of components used in our products or by companies we work with in cooperative research and development activities. Our
current or potential competitors may obtain patents that will prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use or sell our products.
The defense of intellectual property claims, including patent infringement suits, and related legal and administrative proceedings can
be both costly and time consuming, and may significantly divert the efforts and resources of our technical personnel and management.
These factors could effectively prevent us from pursuing some or all of our business operations and result in our customers or potential
customers deferring, canceling or limiting their purchase or use of our products, which may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
commercial success will depend in part on our success in obtaining and maintaining issued patents and other intellectual property rights
in the United States and elsewhere. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property, competitors may be able to use our processes
and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, which could harm our business. 

We
cannot provide any assurances that any of our patents have, or that any of our pending patent applications that mature into issued patents
will include, claims with a scope sufficient to protect our products, any additional features we develop or any new products. Patents,
if issued, may be challenged, deemed unenforceable, invalidated or circumvented. 

24 

Furthermore,
though an issued patent is presumed valid and enforceable, its issuance is not conclusive as to its validity or its enforceability and
it may not provide us with adequate proprietary protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar products. Competitors
may also be able to design around our patents. Other parties may develop and obtain patent protection for more effective technologies,
designs or methods. We may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our knowledge or trade secrets by consultants,
suppliers, vendors, former employees and current employees. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights
to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and we may encounter significant problems in protecting our proprietary rights in
these countries. If any of these developments were to occur, they each could have a negative impact on our sales. 

If
we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position could be harmed. 

We
rely upon copyright and trade secret protection, as well as non-disclosure agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees,
consultants and third parties, to protect our confidential and proprietary information. In addition to contractual measures, we try to
protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using physical and technological security measures. Such measures may
not, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee or third party with authorized access, provide adequate
protection for our proprietary information. Our security measures may not prevent an employee or consultant from misappropriating our
trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and recourse we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy to
protect our interests fully. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive
and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, trade secrets may be independently developed by others in a manner
that could prevent legal recourse by us. If any of our confidential or proprietary information, such as our trade secrets, were to be
disclosed or misappropriated, or if any such information was independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could
be harmed. 

We
may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

The
laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Many
companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions.
This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement or the misappropriation of our intellectual property rights. Many foreign
countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries
limit the enforceability of patents against third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries,
patents may provide limited or no benefit. Patent protection must ultimately be sought on a country-by-country basis, which is an expensive
and time-consuming process with uncertain outcomes. Accordingly, we may choose not to seek patent protection in certain countries, and
we will not have the benefit of patent protection in such countries. 

Proceedings
to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts from other aspects of
our business. Accordingly, our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. In addition,
changes in the law and legal decisions by courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability to obtain adequate
protection for our technology and the enforcement of intellectual property. 

Third
parties may assert that our employees or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information or misappropriated trade
secrets. 

Although
we try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us,
we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or
disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of a former employer or other third parties.
Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages,
we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation
could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 

25 

Risks
Related to Regulatory Matters 

Our
products and operations are subject to government regulation and oversight both in the United States and abroad, and our failure to comply
with applicable requirements could harm our business. 

The
FDA and other government agencies regulate, among other things, with respect to our products and operations: 

design,
 development and manufacturing; 

testing,
 labeling, content and language of instructions for use and storage; 

product
 safety; 

marketing,
 sales and distribution; 

record
 keeping procedures; 

advertising
 and promotion; 

recalls
 and corrective actions; and 

product
 import and export. 

The
regulations to which we are subject are complex and have tended to become more stringent over time. Regulatory changes could result in
restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations, higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated sales. 

The
failure to comply with applicable regulations could jeopardize our ability to sell our products and result in enforcement actions such
as: 

warning
 letters; 

fines;

injunctions;

civil
 penalties; 

termination
 of distribution; 

recalls
 or seizures of products; 

delays
 in the introduction of products into the market; and 

total
 or partial suspension of production. 

We
may also be required to take corrective actions, such as installing additional equipment or taking other actions, each of which could
require us to make substantial capital expenditures. We could also be required to indemnify our employees in connection with any expenses
or liabilities that they may incur individually in connection with regulatory action against them. As a result, our future business prospects
could deteriorate due to regulatory constraints, and our profitability could be impaired by our obligation to provide such indemnification
to our employees. 

26 

Any
of these sanctions could result in higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated sales and harm our reputation, business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Product
liability claims could divert management s attention from our business, be expensive to defend and result in sizeable damage awards
against us that may not be covered by insurance. 

Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock 

The
price of our common stock may be volatile and may be influenced by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control. 

Factors
that could cause volatility in the market price of our common stock include: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors; 

commercial
 success and market acceptance of our products; 

success
 of our competitors in commercializing products; 

strategic
 transactions undertaken by us; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

product
 liability claims; 

prevailing
 economic conditions; 

disputes
 concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; 

U.S.
 or foreign regulatory actions affecting us or our industry; 

sales
 of our common stock by our officers, directors or significant stockholders; 

future
 sales or issuances of equity or debt securities by us; 

business
 disruptions caused by natural disasters; and 

issuance
 of new or changed securities analysts reports or recommendations regarding us. 

In
addition, the stock markets in general have experienced extreme volatility that have been often unrelated to the operating performance
of the issuer. These broad market fluctuations may negatively impact the price or liquidity of our common stock. In the past, when the
price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the issuer.
If any of our stockholders were to bring such a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit and the attention
of our management would be diverted from the operation of our business. 

We
are an emerging growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth
companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot
predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common
stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

27 

In
addition, Section 102 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, for complying with
new or revised accounting standards. An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting
standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this
extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new
or revised accounting standards. 

You
may experience dilution of your ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock or preferred
stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common stock or preferred stock. 

If
our existing stockholders exercise warrants or sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the
public market, the price of our common stock could decline. The perception in the market that these sales may occur could also cause
the price of our common stock to decline. 

In
the future, we may issue authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of
the then current stockholders. We are authorized to issue an aggregate of 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of
 blank check preferred stock. We may issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible
into or exercisable for our common stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions, future sales of our securities
for capital raising purposes, or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional shares of our common stock may
create downward pressure on the trading price of the common stock. We may need to raise additional capital in the near future to meet
our working capital needs, and there can be no assurance that we will not be required to issue additional shares, warrants or other convertible
securities in the future in conjunction with the capital raising efforts, including at a price (or exercise prices) below the price you
paid for your stock. 

Management
may have broad discretion as to the use of the proceeds from offerings of its securities and may not use the proceeds effectively . 

Because
the Company may not designate the amount of net proceeds from offerings to be used for any particular purpose, management may have broad
discretion as to the application of the net proceeds and could use them for purposes other than those contemplated at the time of such
offering. Management may use net proceeds for corporate purposes that may not improve the Company s financial condition or market
value. 

If
we fail to comply with the NASDAQ Capital Market listing requirements, we will be subject to potential delisting from the NASDAQ Capital
Market. 

Our
common stock has been approved for listing on NASDAQ under the symbol BSFC. However, if we fail to comply with NASDAQ s
rules for continued listing, including, without limitation, minimum market capitalization and other requirements, NASDAQ may take steps
to delist our shares. Failure to maintain our listing, or de-listing from NASDAQ, would make it more difficult for shareholders to sell
our common stock and more difficult to obtain accurate price quotations on our common stock. This could have an adverse effect on the
price of our common stock. Our ability to issue additional securities for financing or other purposes, or otherwise to arrange for any
financing we may need in the future, may also be materially and adversely affected if our common stock is not traded on a national securities
exchange. Additionally, our loan or other agreements, may contain covenants to maintain the listing of our common stock on NASDAQ. Accordingly,
failure to maintain such listing may constitute a default under such agreements. 

28 

We
are not in compliance with The NASDAQ Capital Market 1.00 minimum bid price requirement and failure to maintain compliance with this
standard could result in delisting and adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common stock. 

Our
common stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol BSFC. If we fail to meet any of the continued
listing standards of NASDAQ, our common stock will be delisted. These continued listing standards include specifically enumerated criteria,
such as a 1.00 minimum closing bid price. 

On
November 17, 2022, we received a letter from NASDAQ advising that the Company did not meet the minimum 1.00 per share bid price requirement
for continued inclusion on NASDAQ pursuant to NASDAQ Marketplace Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). We initially have a period of 180 calendar
days, or until May 16, 2023, to regain compliance. If at any time before May 16, 2023, the closing bid price of our common stock closes
at or above 1.00 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days, NASDAQ will provide written notification that the Company
has achieved compliance with the minimum bid requirement. If we do not regain compliance with the minimum bid requirement during the
initial 180 calendar day period, the Company may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day compliance period. To qualify, the Company
would be required to meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards
for the Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the minimum bid requirement, and would need to provide written notice of our intention
to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. 

In
order to satisfy this requirement, the Company intends to continue actively monitoring the bid price for its common stock between now
and May 16, 2023 and will consider available options to resolve the deficiency and regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement,
including seeking approval from stockholders of an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
to effect a reverse stock split of its common stock, by a ratio of no less than 1-for-2 and no more than 1-for-50, with the exact ratio
to be determined by its Board of Directors,. While we intend to regain compliance with the minimum bid price rule, there can be no assurance
that we will be able to do so, by approval of a reverse stock split or otherwise or to maintain continued compliance with this rule or
the other listing requirements of NASDAQ. If we are unable to meet these requirements, we would receive another delisting notice from
NASDAQ for failure to comply with one or more of the continued listing requirements. If our common stock were to be delisted from NASDAQ,
trading of our common stock most likely will be conducted in the over-the-counter market on an electronic bulletin board established
for unlisted securities such as the OTC Markets or in the pink sheets. Such a downgrading in our listing market may limit
our ability to make a market in our common stock and may impact purchases or sales of our securities. 

Our
common stock may be deemed a penny stock which may reduce the value of an investment in the stock. 

Rule
15g-9 under the Exchange Act establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity
security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain
exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (a) that a broker or dealer approve a person s
account for transactions in penny stocks; and (b) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction,
setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: (a) obtain financial information
and investment experience objectives of the person and (b) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are
suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the
risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: (a) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination;
and (b) confirms that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. If our common stock
is or becomes subject to the penny stock rules, it may be more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and
cause a decline in the market value of our common stock. 

29 

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about commissions
payable to both the broker or dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies
available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent
price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

The
sales practice requirements of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority s FINRA may limit a stockholder s
ability to buy and sell our common stock. 

FINRA
has adopted rules requiring that, in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing
that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative or low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA has indicated its belief that there is a high
probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. If these FINRA requirements are
applicable to us or our securities, they may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that at least some of their customers
buy our common stock, which may limit the ability of our stockholders to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect
on the market for and price of our common stock. 

Our
operating results for a particular period may fluctuate significantly or may fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts,
each of which may cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate or decline. 

We
expect our operating results to be subject to fluctuations. Our operating results will be affected by numerous factors, including: 

variations
 in the level of expenses related to future development plans; 

fluctuations
 in value of the underlying commodity; 

inability
 to procure sufficient quantities to meet demand due to the scarcity of the product available from its suppliers; 

level
 of underlying demand for our products and any other products we sell; 

any
 intellectual property infringement lawsuit or opposition, interference or cancellation proceeding in which we may become involved;

regulatory
 developments affecting us or our competitors; and 

the
 continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

If
our operating results for a particular period fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common
stock could decline substantially. Furthermore, any fluctuations in our operating results may, in turn, cause the price of our common
stock to fluctuate substantially. We believe that comparisons of our financial results from various reporting periods are not necessarily
meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance 

Our
executive officers and directors own a significant percentage of our common stock and will be able to exercise significant influence
over matters subject to stockholder approval. 

As
of the date of this filing, our executive officers and directors, together with their respective
affiliates, owned approximately 37 of our common stock, including shares subject to outstanding options that are exercisable within
60 days after such date. Accordingly, these stockholders will be able to exert a significant degree of influence over our affairs
and matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of our board of directors and approval of significant corporate
transactions. This concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in our control or otherwise discouraging a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of
us, which in turn could have a material and adverse effect on the fair market value of our common stock. 

30 

Because
we became a reporting company under the Exchange Act by means other than a traditional underwritten initial public offering, we may not
be able to attract the attention of research analysts at major brokerage firms. 

Because
we did not become a reporting company by conducting an underwritten initial public offering of our common stock, and because we will
not be listed on a national securities exchange, securities analysts of brokerage firms may not provide coverage of our Company. In addition,
investment banks may be less likely to agree to underwrite secondary offerings on our behalf than they might if we became a public reporting
company by means of an underwritten initial public offering, because they may be less familiar with our company as a result of more limited
coverage by analysts and the media, and because we became public at an early stage in our development. The failure to receive research
coverage or support in the market for our shares will have an adverse effect on our ability to develop a liquid market for our common
stock. 

Because
the Merger was a reverse merger, certain SEC rules may be more restrictive. 

Additional
risks may exist as a result of our becoming a public reporting company through a reverse merger . Certain SEC rules are
more restrictive when applied to reverse merger companies, such as the ability of stockholders to re-sell their shares of Common Stock
pursuant to Rule 144. 

Historically,
the SEC has taken the position that Rule 144 under the Securities Act is not available for the resale of securities initially issued
by companies that are, or previously were, blank check companies, to their promoters or affiliates despite technical compliance with
the requirements of Rule 144. The SEC has codified and expanded this position in its amendments effective on February 15, 2008, which
applies to securities acquired both before and after that date by prohibiting the use of Rule 144 for resale of securities issued by
shell companies (other than business transaction related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company.
The SEC has provided an important exception to this prohibition, however, if the following conditions are met: 

the
 issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the
 issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
 of the Exchange Act; 

the
 issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed,
 as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was
 required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and 

at
 least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information
 with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

In
addition, for proposed sales under Rule 144, there must be adequate current information about the issuing company publicly available
before the sale can be made. For reporting companies, this generally means that the companies have complied with the periodic reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act. As such, due to the fact that we were a shell company until the effective time of the reverse merger,
holders of restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 will be subject to the above conditions. 

Issuance
of stock to fund our operations may dilute your investment and reduce your equity interest. 

We
may need to raise capital in the future to fund the development of our seafood business. Any equity financing may have significant dilutive
effect to stockholders and a material decrease in our stockholders equity interest in us. Equity financing, if obtained, could
result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. At its sole discretion, our board of directors may issue additional securities
without seeking stockholder approval, and we do not know when we will need additional capital or, if we do, whether it will be available
to us. 

31 

Provisions
of our charter documents or Delaware law could delay or prevent an acquisition of the Company, even if such an acquisition would be beneficial
to our stockholders, which could make it more difficult for you to change management. 

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control
that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares.
In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempt by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by
making it more difficult to replace or remove our board of directors. 

In
addition, Delaware law prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder,
generally a person who, together with its affiliates, owns, or within the last three years has owned, 15 or more of our voting stock,
for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business
combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Accordingly, Delaware law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of the
company. Furthermore, our certificate of incorporation will specify that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole
and exclusive forum for most legal actions involving actions brought against us by stockholders. We believe this provision benefits us
by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law by chancellors particularly experienced in resolving corporate
disputes, efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule relative to other forums and protection against the burdens
of multi-forum litigation. However, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. The
enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal
proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a court could find the choice of forum
provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future therefore capital appreciation, if any, of
our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in
the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth
of our business. In addition, our current loan and security agreement with Lighthouse contains, and our future loan arrangements, if
any, may contain, terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. As a result,
capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

Risks
Related to the COVID-19 pandemic 

COVID-19
has caused significant disruptions to the global financial markets which severely impacts our ability to raise additional capital. 

The
full impact of the COVID-19 outbreak continues to evolve and management continues to monitor the situation. The Company recognized
impairment losses on goodwill and long-lived assets for Coastal Pride and TOBC due to the lower forecasted revenues and gross losses
recognized in the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business. Additionally, the continued effect of COVID-19 and uncertain market conditions may limit the Company s ability to access
capital. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this Item. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company s executive offices and warehouse facility are based in Miami, Florida. We leased approximately 16,800 square feet of office/warehouse
space for our executive offices and distribution facility for 16,916 per month from John Keeler Real Estate Holding, Inc. Keeler
Real Estate ), a corporation owned by each trust for each of John Keeler III, Andrea Keeler and Sarah Keeler, each of whom is a
child of our Executive Chairman, John Keeler. On December 31, 2020, this facility was sold to an unrelated third-party purchaser and
the lease was terminated. In connection with the sale, the Company retained approximately 4,756 square feet of such space, rent-free
for 12 months. On January 1, 2022, the Company entered into a verbal month-to-month lease agreement for its executive offices with an
unrelated third party. The Company has paid 63,800 to date under this lease. We currently believe these spaces will be adequate for
our immediate and near-term needs. 

32 

Coastal
Pride leases an aggregate of 1,106 square feet of office space in Beaufort, South Carolina under two leases that expire in 2024 and
9,050 square feet from Gault under a one-year lease that expires in February 2023 where Coastal Pride operates a RAS soft-shell crab
operation in Beaufort, South Carolina for 1,000 per month until a new facility is completed. On February 3, 2023, the lease with
Gault was renewed for 1,500 per month until February 2024. 

The
offices and facility of TOBC are located in Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada and are on land which was leased to TOBC for approximately
 2,500 per month plus taxes, from Steve and Janet Atkinson, the former TOBC owners, under a lease that expired December 1, 2021. On April
1, 2022, TOBC entered into a new five-year lease with Steve and Janet Atkinson for CAD 2,590 per month plus taxes and paid CAD 23,310
for rent for the year ended December 31, 2022, and an additional five-year lease with Kathryn Atkinson, spouse of TOBC s President,
for CAD 2,370 per month plus taxes and paid CAD 21,330 for rent for the year ended December 31, 2022. Both leases are renewable for two
additional five-year terms. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There
are no material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of ours, any owner of
record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities, or security holder is a party adverse to us or has a material
interest adverse to us. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock was quoted on the OTC pink sheets under the symbol BSFC from February 18, 2020 until November 2, 2021. Our
common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market on November 3, 2021. 

The
last reported sales price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market on April 14, 2023 was 0.13. 

Holders 

As
of April 14, 2023, the Company had 78 stockholders of record. 

Lock-up
Agreements 

In
connection with the Merger, holders of 15,750,000 shares of common stock were prohibited, subject to certain exceptions, from disposing
of or hedging any shares of common stock or securities convertible or exercisable for shares of common stock during an 18-month period
for Restricted Holders and 12-month period for Pre-Merger Holders, after the Merger in excess of 50 of all of the common stock held
by (or issuable to) them and at a price below 2.20 per share. Thereafter, neither Restricted Holders or Pre-Merger Holders may sell,
dispose or otherwise transfer more than one-third of the common stock held by such Holder in any two-month period. 

33 

In
addition, in connection with the Underwriting Agreement entered into with Newbridge Securities Corporation Newbridge ),
each director, executive officer, and beneficial owners of over 10 of the Company s common stock (for a period of 180 days after
the date of the final prospectus relating to the firm commitment underwritten public offering), have agreed, subject to customary exceptions,
not to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of securities of the Company, without the prior written consent of Newbridge. 

In
connection with an underwriting agreement entered into with Aegis Capital Corp. Aegis on February 10, 2023, each director,
executive officer and beneficial owner of over 10 of the Company s shares of outstanding common stock have agreed for 90 days
from February 14, 2023, subject to certain exceptions, not to directly or indirectly offer, sell, or otherwise transfer or dispose of,
directly or indirectly, any shares of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for the shares of
the Company. In addition, the Company has agreed, for a period of ninety days from February 14, 2023, that it will not, without Aegis 
prior written consent, (a) offer, sell, issue, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any equity of the Company
or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for equity of the Company; (b) file or caused to be filed any registration
statement with the SEC relating to the offering of any equity of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for equity of the Company; or (c) enter into any agreement or announce the intention to effect any of the actions described in subsections
(a) or (b) hereof, subject to certain exceptions in the underwriting agreement. 

Dividends 

We
have never paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. We intend to retain future earnings to fund ongoing operations and future capital requirements. Our Loan and Security Agreement
with Lighthouse contains terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. Any
future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon financial condition,
results of operations, capital requirements and such other factors as the board of directors deems relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table provides information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 4,461,511 (1) 
 2.00 
 3,575,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 0 
 0 
 0 

1) 
 Represents
 (i) a ten-year option to purchase 3,120,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per share granted to Christopher
 Constable, the Company s former chief financial officer and director (ii) ten-year options to purchase an aggregate of 601,250
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per share to certain employees, (iii) ten-year options to purchase an aggregate
 of 25,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per share to certain contractors under the 2018 Plan; (iv) three-year
 options to purchase an aggregate of 500,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per share to the Company s
 directors; (v) three-year options to purchase an aggregate of 7,013 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 6.00 per share
 to Silvia Alana, the Company s Chief Financial Officer (vi) five-year options to purchase an aggregate of 175,000 shares of
 common stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per share to the Company s directors; (vii) three-year options to purchase an aggregate
 of 27,552 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.86 per share to an employee; and (viii) three-year options to purchase
 an aggregate of 5,696 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.79 per share to an employee. 

34 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Except
as set forth below, there were no sales of equity securities during the period covered by this Report that were not registered under
the Securities Act and were not previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company. 

On
October 1, 2022, November 1, 2022 and December 1, 2022, the Company issued 9,524 shares, 6,593 shares and 9,231 shares of common stock,
respectively, to a designee of Clear Think Capital for consulting services provided to the Company. 

On
November 22, 2022, the Company granted an employee a three-year option to purchase 5,696 shares of common stock at an exercise price
of 0.79 which vests in equal monthly installments during the term of the option. 

On
December 31, 2022, the Company issued 62,500 shares of common stock to each of Nubar Herian and John Keeler, 100,000 shares of common
stock to each of Timothy McLellan and Trond Ringstad, 43,403 shares of common stock to each of Juan Carlos Dalto and Silvia Alana and
143,750 shares of common stock to Jeffrey Guzy, for serving as directors of the Company. 

On
December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 440,572 shares of common stock to Walter Lubkin Jr., Walter Lubkin III, Tracy Greco
and John Lubkin in lieu of 176,228 of outstanding principal and interest under promissory notes issued to them by the Company in connection
with the Coastal Pride acquisition. 

On
January 1, 2023, February 1, 2023, March 1, 2023 and April 1, 2023, the Company issued 15,000 shares, 11,538 shares, 39,216 shares and
47,244 shares of common stock, respectively, to the designee of Clear Think Capital for consulting services provided to the Company. 

The
above issuances did not involve any underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offering and we believe are exempt
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 by virtue of Section 4(2) thereof. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

The
following discussion of the financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements
and the notes to those statements appearing in this Annual Report Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or
set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should read the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report for a discussion
of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking
statements contained in the following discussion and analysis . The various sections of this discussion contain forward-looking
statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risk factors described
throughout this prospectus as well as other matters over which we have no control. See Forward-Looking Statements. Our
actual results may differ materially. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events
or circumstances occurring after the date of this prospectus. 

35 

Overview 

We
are an international seafood company that imports, packages and sells refrigerated pasteurized crab meat, and other premium seafood products.
Our current source of revenue is from importing blue and red swimming crab meat primarily from Indonesia, the Philippines and China and
distributing it in the United States and Canada under several brand names such as Blue Star, Oceanica, Pacifika, Crab Go, First
Choice, Good Stuff and Coastal Pride Fresh, and steelhead salmon and rainbow trout fingerlings produced under the brand name Little Cedar
Farms for distribution in Canada. The crab meat which we import is processed in six out of the ten plants available throughout Southeast
Asia. Our suppliers are primarily via co-packing relationships, including two affiliated suppliers. We sell primarily to food service
distributors. We also sell our products to wholesalers, retail establishments and seafood distributors. 

COVID-19 

The
current COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected our business operations, including disruptions and restrictions on our ability to travel
or to distribute our seafood products, as well as temporary closures of our facilities. Any such disruption or delay may impact our sales
and operating results. In addition, COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that adversely affected the economies and financial
markets of many other countries. 

As
a result of the business interruption experienced to date, management has taken steps to reduce expenses across all areas of its operations,
including payroll, marketing, sales and warehousing expenses. The extent to which we are affected by COVID-19 will largely depend on
future developments and restrictions which may disrupt interactions with customers, suppliers, staff and advisors which cannot be accurately
predicted, including the duration and scope of the pandemic, governmental and business responses to the pandemic and the impact on the
global economy, our customers demand for our products, and our ability to provide our products. We continue to monitor the effects
of the pandemic on our business. 

Recent
Developments 

NASDAQ
Notice Letter 

The
Company received a notice letter (the Notice from The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC NASDAQ notifying the Company
that, based upon the closing bid price of the Company s common stock for the last 30 consecutive business days, the Company was
not currently in compliance with the requirement to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share for continued listing on The NASDAQ
Capital Market (the Minimum Bid Requirement ). The Notice has no immediate effect on the continued listing status of the
Company s common stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market, and, therefore, the Company s listing remains fully effective. The Company
has until May 16, 2023, to regain compliance. If the Company does not regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Requirement during the initial
180 calendar day period, the Company may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day compliance period. To qualify, the Company would
be required to meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards
for The NASDAQ Capital Market, with the exception of the Minimum Bid Requirement, and would need to provide written notice of its intention
to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. The Company will continue
to actively monitor the closing bid price of its common stock and will seek to regain compliance with all applicable NASDAQ requirements
within the allotted compliance periods. If the Company does not regain compliance within the allotted compliance periods, including any
extensions that may be granted by NASDAQ, NASDAQ will provide notice that the Company s common stock will be subject to delisting.
The Company would then be entitled to appeal that determination to a NASDAQ hearings panel. 

The
Company is currently seeking approval from stockholders of an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
to effect a reverse stock split of its common stock, by a ratio of no less than 1-for-2 and no more than 1-for-50, with the exact ratio
to be determined by its Board of Directors. There can be no assurance that such approval will be obtained. 

36 

Shelf
Registration Statement 

The
Company filed a registration statement on Form S-3 which was declared effective by the SEC on December 6, 2022 containing a
prospectus registering the offering, issuance and sale of up to 25,000,000 of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities,
warrants, subscription rights and/or units and a sales agreement prospectus covering the offering, issuance and sale of up to
 3,000,000 of common stock that may be issued and sold in an at the market offering pursuant to a sales agreement
between the Company and Roth Capital Partners, LLC, as placement agent Roth ). The Company sold an aggregate of
474,106 shares in the offering for net proceeds of 182,982 and 151,284 shares were repurchased from Roth for 76,463. The offering was terminated on February 2, 2023. 

Offering 

On
February 10, 2023, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Aegis, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to
Aegis, in a firm commitment public offering, (i) 8,200,000 shares of common stock for a public offering price of 0.20 per share and
(ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-funded Warrants to purchase 800,000 shares of common stock (the Warrant
Shares ), for a public offering price of 0.199 per Pre-funded Warrant to those purchasers whose purchase of common stock in
the offering would otherwise result in the purchaser, together with its affiliates and certain related parties, beneficially owning
more than 4.99 (or, at the election of the holder, 9.99 of the Company s outstanding common stock immediately following the
consummation of the offering. The Company also granted Aegis an over-allotment option to purchase up to 1,250,000 shares of common
stock. The Pre-funded Warrants have an exercise price of 0.001 per share. The Pre-funded Warrants were issued in registered form
under a warrant agent agreement between the Company and VStock Transfer, LLC as the warrant agent. 

The
offering closed on February 14, 2023 with gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 1.8 million, before deducting underwriting
discounts and other estimated expenses payable by the Company. The offering consisted of 9,000,000 shares of common stock and Pre-funded
Warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of 0.20 per share (or 0.199 per Pre-funded Warrant after reducing 0.001 attributable
to the exercise price of the Pre-funded Warrants) and was made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No.
333-268564) previously filed with the SEC on November 25, 2022 and declared effective by the SEC on December 6, 2022, as supplemented
by a preliminary prospectus supplement dated February 9, 2023 and filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023 and a final prospectus supplement
dated February 10, 2023. 

Supply
Agreement 

On
January 28, 2023, the Company entered into a one-year supply agreement with Just Food For Dogs, LLC, a California limited liability company JFFD ), and manufacturer of dog food and related products, for the purchase of certain seafood products from the Company.
Under the agreement, JFFD will provide quarterly forecasts of its supply requirements to be filled by the Company. There is no minimum
order requirement and JFFD can cancel the agreement at any time upon notice to the Company. JFFD is also entitled to most favored pricing.
The agreement will automatically renew for one-year terms unless terminated by either party within 45 days of the end of the then current
term. 

Results
of Operations 

The
audited financial statements included in this Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022 include a summary of our significant
accounting policies and should be read in conjunction with the discussion below. In the opinion of management, all material adjustments
necessary to present fairly the results of operations for such periods have been included in these audited financial statements. All
such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. 

The
following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the Company is based upon, and should be read in
conjunction with, the audited financial statements and related notes elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

37 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Net
Sales. Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 28.0 to 12,767,145 as compared to 9,973,264 for the year ended December
31, 2021 as a result of an increase in poundage sold during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cost
of Goods Sold. Cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 13,419,133 as compared to 7,979,830 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is attributable to price increases in inventory affecting its related cost of goods. 

Gross
(Loss) Profit . Gross loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 is 651,988 as compared to gross profit of 1,993,434 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is attributable to higher cost of goods sold compared to the cost of goods sold in the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

Gross
(Loss) Profit Margin. Gross loss margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 is 5.1 as compared to gross profit margin
of 20.0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease is attributable to sales price decreases of our product and higher cost
of inventory purchased. 

Commissions
Expenses. Commissions expenses decreased to 24,482 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 42,332 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The decrease is attributable to lower commissionable revenues. 

Salaries
and Wages Expense . Salaries and wages increased to 2,032,457 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 1,827,607 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is primarily attributable to the full year of salaries for TOBC and new employees. 

Depreciation
and Amortization . Depreciation and amortization expense increased to 584,386 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to
 384,963 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is attributable to higher depreciation and amortization due to the acquisition
of TOBC and soft-shell crab operations. 

Impairment
Loss. Impairment loss increased to 5,797,906 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 374,300 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. This increase is attributable to the impairments recognized on TOBC and Coastal Pride for goodwill and long-lived
assets. 

Other
Operating Expense. Other operating expenses increased 17.5 to 2,522,764 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2,147,873
for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is primarily attributable to legal and professional fees and stock compensation expense
associated with the acquisition of the soft-shell crab operations. 

Other
Income . Other income decreased to 154,196 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 498,791 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
This decrease is primarily attributable to the payroll protection program loan forgiveness granted in 2021. 

Loss
on Conversion of Debt. Loss on conversion of debt increased to 57,085 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 0 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. This increase is attributable to the additional payments made to Lind by the issuance of common stock due to
a decrease in the Repayment Share Price. 

Interest
Expense. Interest expense increased to 1,678,097 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 320,524 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. This increase is attributable to the amortization of the Lind convertible debt discount. 

Net
Loss. The Company had a net loss of 13,194,969 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to a net loss of 2,605,374 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net loss is primarily attributable to an increase in salaries and wages, increases
in depreciation and amortization, recognition of impairment losses for TOBC and Coastal Pride and other expenses in connection with
the acquisition of the soft-shell crab operations and amortization of the Lind convertible debt discount. 

38 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company had cash of 9,262 as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit of 3,013,281, including
 893,000 in stockholder loans that were subordinated to its working capital line of credit, as compared to a working capital surplus
of 2,839,477 at December 31, 2021, including 960,000 in stockholder loans. The Company s primary sources of liquidity consisted
of inventory of 4,808,152 and accounts receivable of 813,416 at December 31, 2022. The decrease in working capital was due primarily
to an increase of inventory of 2,688,711 netted against decreases in accounts receivable of 417,765 and the increase in the maturities
of long-term debt of 3,439,557. 

The
Company has historically financed its operations through the cash flow generated from operations, loans from stockholders and other related
parties as well as a working capital line of credit and the sale of equity in private offerings. 

As
of January 27, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of 322,822 shares of common stock to Roth for the at the market offering
pursuant to its sales agreement with Roth. 

Cash
(Used in) Operating Activities. Cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3,618,811 as
compared to cash used in operating activities of 4,833,029 for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a decrease of
 1,214,218. The decrease is primarily attributable to an increase in inventory of 3,431,929 netted against the decreases in
deferred income of 62,336, accounts receivable netted against other current assets of 3,448,088 and increase in payables netted
against other current liabilities of 356,399 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cash
(Used in) Investing Activities. Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 695,275 as compared
to 773,410 cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was attributable to the smaller
acquisition of the soft-shell crab operations by Coastal Pride for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the TOBC acquisition
in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cash
Provided by Financing Activities. Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3,075,400 as compared
to cash provided by financing activities of 6,480,540 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease is mainly attributable to
private placement offerings in 2021 compared to no such offerings in 2022. 

Working
Capital Line of Credit 

On
March 31, 2021, Keeler Co. and Coastal Pride entered into a loan and security agreement Loan Agreement with Lighthouse
Financial Corp., a North Carolina corporation Lighthouse ). Pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement, Lighthouse made
available to Keeler Co. and Coastal Pride (together, the Borrowers a 5,000,000 revolving line of credit for a term
of thirty-six months, renewable annually for one-year periods thereafter. Amounts due under the line of credit are represented by a revolving
credit note issued to Lighthouse by the Borrowers. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants
under the Loan Agreement, except for the requirement to maintain a greater than 50,000 cash flow in the months of July, August, September,
October, November and December. Lighthouse has notified the Borrowers as to this default but has elected not to exercise its rights and
remedies under the loan documents. 

The
advance rate of the revolving line of credit is 85 with respect to eligible accounts receivable and the lower of 60 of the Borrowers 
eligible inventory, or 80 of the net orderly liquidation value, subject to an inventory sublimit of 2,500,000. The inventory portion
of the loan will never exceed 50 of the outstanding balance. Interest on the line of credit is the prime rate (with a floor of 3.25 ),
plus 3.75 . The Borrowers paid Lighthouse a facility fee of 50,000 in three instalments of 16,667 in March, April and May 2021 and
paid an additional facility fee of 25,000 on March 31, 2022. In an effort to increase imports to meet customer demand, on January 14,
2022, the maximum inventory advance under the line of credit was adjusted from 50 to 70 until June 30, 2022, 65 until July 31, 2022,
60 until August 31, 2022, 55 until September 30, 2022, at a monthly fee of 0.25 on the portion of the loan in excess of the 50 advance.
On July 29, 2022, the Loan Agreement was further amended to set the annual interest rate on the outstanding principal amount at 4.75 
above the prime rate and to reduce the monthly required cash flow requirements beginning July 31, 2022. The amendment also updated the
maximum inventory advance under the line of credit to 60 from August 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 and 50 thereafter. As of December
31, 2022, the interest rate was 15.25 which includes a default rate of 3 . 

39 

The
line of credit is secured by a first priority security interest on all the assets of each Borrower. Pursuant to the terms of a guaranty
agreement, the Company guaranteed the obligations of the Borrowers under the note and John Keeler, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, provided a personal guaranty of up to 1,000,000 to Lighthouse. 

The
Borrowers utilized 784,450 of the Lighthouse revolving line of credit to repay the outstanding indebtedness owed to ACF as of March
31, 2021. As a result, all obligations owed to ACF were satisfied and the loan agreement with ACF was terminated. The outstanding balance
owed to Lighthouse as of December 31, 2022 was 1,776,068. 

John
Keeler Promissory Notes 

From
January 2006 through May 2017, Keeler Co issued 6 demand promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 2,910,000 to John
Keeler, our Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 893,000 of principal remains outstanding
and approximately 55,350 of interest was paid under the notes during the year ended December 31, 2022. These notes are subordinated
to the Lighthouse note. After satisfaction of the terms of the subordination, the Company may prepay the notes at any time first against
interest due thereunder. If an event of default occurs under the notes, interest will accrue at 18 per annum and if not paid within
ten days of payment becoming due, the holder of the note is entitled to a late fee of 5 of the amount of payment not timely made. The
Company made principal payments of 67,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Underwritten
Offering 

On
November 2, 2021, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with Newbridge Securities
Corporation Newbridge ), as representative of the underwriters listed therein (the Underwriters ), pursuant
to which the Company agreed to sell to the Underwriters in a firm commitment underwritten public offering (the Offering an aggregate of 800,000 shares of the Company s common stock, at a public offering price of 5.00 per share. In addition, the Underwriters
were granted an over-allotment option (the Over-allotment Option for a period of 45 days to purchase up to an additional
120,000 shares of common stock. The Offering closed on November 5, 2021 and the common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market
under the symbol BSFC on November 3, 2021. The Over-allotment Option was not exercised by the Underwriters. 

The
net proceeds to the Company from the Offering, after deducting the underwriting discount, the underwriters fees and expenses and
the Company s estimated Offering expenses, were approximately 3,600,000. The Company is using the net proceeds from the Offering
for general corporate purposes, including working capital, operating expenses, and capital expenditures. The Company may also use a portion
of the net proceeds to acquire or make investments in businesses, products, and offerings, although the Company does not have agreements
or commitments for any material acquisitions or investments at this time. 

In
addition, pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement and related lock-up agreements, each director, executive
officer, and beneficial owners of over 10 of the Company s common stock (for a period of 180 days after the date of the final
prospectus relating to the Offering), have agreed, subject to customary exceptions, not to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of securities
of the Company, without the prior written consent of Newbridge. 

On
November 5, 2021, in connection with the Offering, the Company issued a warrant to purchase an aggregate of 56,000 shares of common stock
at an exercise price of 5.00 per share to Newbridge. Such warrant expires on November 11, 2024. 

Lind
Global Fund II LP investment 

On
January 24, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Lind Global Fund II LP, a Delaware limited partnership Lind ), pursuant to which the Company issued to Lind a secured, two-year, interest free convertible promissory note in
the principal amount of 5,750,000 and a five-year warrant to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise
price of 4.50 per share, subject to customary adjustments. The warrant provides for cashless exercise and for full ratchet anti-dilution
if the Company issues securities at less than 4.50 per share. In connection with the issuance of the note and the warrant, the Company
paid a 150,000 commitment fee to Lind and approximately 87,000 of debt issuance costs. 

40 

The
outstanding principal under the note is payable commencing July 24, 2022, in 18 consecutive monthly installments of 333,333, at the
Company s option, in cash or shares of common stock at a price (the Repayment Share Price based on 90 of the five
lowest volume weighted average prices VWAP during the 20-days prior to the payment date with a floor price of 1.50 per
share (the Floor Price ), or a combination of cash and stock provided that if at any time the Repayment Share Price is deemed
to be the Floor Price, then in addition to shares, the Company will pay Lind an additional amount in cash as determined pursuant to a
formula contained in the note. 

In
connection with the issuance of the note, the Company granted Lind a first priority security interest and lien on all of its assets,
including a pledge on its shares in John Keeler Co. Inc., its wholly-owned subsidiary, pursuant to a security agreement and a stock
pledge agreement with Lind, dated January 24, 2022. Each subsidiary of the Company also granted a second priority security interest in
all of its respective assets. 

The
note is mandatorily payable prior to maturity if the Company issues any preferred stock (with certain exceptions described in the note)
or, if the Company or its subsidiaries issues any indebtedness other than certain amounts under the current line of credit facility with
Lighthouse. The Company also agreed not to issue or sell any securities with a conversion, exercise or other price based on a discount
to the trading prices of the Company s stock or to grant the right to receive additional securities based on future transactions
of the Company on terms more favorable than those granted to Lind, with certain exceptions. 

If
the Company fails to maintain the listing and trading of its common stock, the note will become due and payable and Lind may convert
all or a portion of the outstanding principal at the lower of the then current conversion price and 80 of the average of the 3-day VWAP
during the 20 days prior to delivery of the conversion notice. 

If
the Company engages in capital raising transactions, Lind has the right to purchase up to 10 of the new securities. 

The
note is convertible into common stock at 5.00 per share, subject to certain adjustments, at any time after the earlier of six months
from issuance or the date the registration statement is effective; provided that no such conversion may be made that would result in
beneficial ownership by Lind and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock. If shares
are issued by the Company at less than the conversion price, the conversion price will be reduced to such price. 

Upon
a change of control of the Company, as defined in the note, Lind has the right to require the Company to prepay 10 of the outstanding
principal amount of the note. The Company may prepay the outstanding principal amount of the note, provided Lind may convert up to 25 
of the principal amount of the note at a price per share equal to the lesser of the Repayment Share Price or the conversion price. The
Note contains certain negative covenants, including restricting the Company from certain distributions, stock repurchases, borrowing,
sale of assets, loans and exchange offers. 

Upon
an event of default as described in the note, the note will become immediately due and payable at a default interest rate of 125 of
the then outstanding principal amount. Upon a default, all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount may be converted into shares
of common stock by Lind at the lower of the conversion price and 80 of the average of the three lowest daily VWAPs. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made principal payments on the note totaling 1,666,666 through the issuance of an
aggregate of 666,666 shares of common stock and cash payments of 1,175,973 which included 899,999 principal payments and
additional payments requested by Lind pursuant to the terms of the note. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Valuation
of Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets 

Goodwill
and long-lived assets include the cost of the acquired business in excess of the fair value of the net assets recorded
in connection with an acquisition. Long-lived assets include customer relationships, non-compete agreements, trademarks and fixed assets. For
goodwill, our policy is to assess for impairment at year-end or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. For long-lived assets, we assess for impairment
only if events occur that indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 

41 

Annually,
we assess the recoverability of goodwill and long-lived assets by determining whether the fair values exceed the carrying values of
these assets. For long-lived assets, we use the income method, which uses a forecast of the expected future net cash flows
associated with each asset. These cash flows are then adjusted to present value by applying an appropriate discount rate that
reflects the risk factors associated with the cash flow streams. Our goodwill testing may be performed utilizing either a
qualitative or quantitative assessment; however, if a qualitative assessment is performed and we determine that the fair value of a
reporting unit is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50 percent) to be less than its carrying amount, a
quantitative test is performed. 

When
using a quantitative test, we arrive at our estimates of fair value using a discounted cash flow analysis. Our assessment for
impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets compared the fair value of the reporting unit to the corresponding carrying value. If
the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. An annual
impairment analysis for goodwill and long-lived assets was completed for Coastal Pride and TOBC due to the lower forecasted revenues
and gross losses recognized in the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business. Based on our
year-end 2022 annual impairment analysis for goodwill and long-lived assets, we recorded an impairment loss on customer
relationships, trademarks, non-compete agreements and fixed assets of 1,595,677, 1,006,185, 78,116 and 1,873,619, respectively,
related to Coastal Pride and TOBC. For goodwill, the analysis concluded an impairment of 1,244,309 related to Coastal Pride and
TOBC for year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
fair value conclusions as of December 31, 2022 are highly sensitive to changes in the assumptions used in the income approach, which
include forecasted revenues, perpetual growth rates, among others, all of which require significant judgments by management. 

Fair
value of the reporting unit is therefore determined using significant unobservable inputs, or level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The
Company has used recent historical performance, current forecasted financial information, and broad-based industry and economic statistics
as a basis to estimate the key assumptions utilized in the forecasted cash flow model. These key assumptions are inherently uncertain
and require a high degree of estimation and judgment and are subject to change based on future changes, industry and global economic
and geo-political conditions, and the timing and success of the implementation of current strategic initiatives. 

Inventories 

Substantially
all of the Company s inventory consists of packaged crab meat located at a public cold storage facility and merchandise in transit
from suppliers. The Company also has eggs and fish in process inventory from TOBC. The cost of inventory is primarily determined using
the specific identification method for crab meat. Fish in process inventory is measured based on the estimated biomass of fish on hand.
The Company has established a standard procedure to estimate the biomass of fish on hand using counting and sampling techniques. Inventory
is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value, cost being determined using the first-in, first-out method for crab meat and
using various estimates and assumptions in regard to the calculation of the biomass, including expected yield, market value of the biomass,
and estimated costs of completion. 

Merchandise
is purchased cost and freight shipping point and becomes the Company s asset and liability upon leaving the suppliers warehouse.
The Company had in-transit inventory of approximately 1,598,000 and 1,182,000 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

The
Company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and records an allowance to reduce the carrying value of inventory to the
lower of cost or net realizable value based on its assessment of market conditions, inventory turnover and current stock levels. Inventory write-downs
are charged to cost of goods sold. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an inventory adjustment to reduce the carrying value of inventory to the lower
of cost or net realizable value in the amount of 743,218 which was charged to cost of goods sold. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, as
such, we record revenue when our customer obtains control of the promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration
which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The Company s source of revenue is from importing
blue and red swimming crab meat primarily from Mexico, Indonesia, the Philippines and China and distributing it in the United States
and Canada under several brand names such as Blue Star, Oceanica, Pacifika, Crab Go, First Choice, Good Stuff and Coastal Pride
Fresh and steelhead salmon and rainbow trout fingerlings produced by TOBC under the brand name Little Cedar Farms for distribution in
Canada. We sell primarily to food service distributors. We also sell our products to wholesalers, retail establishments and seafood distributors. 

42 

To
determine revenue recognition for the arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of Topic 606, the Company performs
the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer by receipt of purchase orders and confirmations sent by the Company
which includes a required line of credit approval process, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract which includes shipment
of goods to the customer FOB shipping point or destination, (3) determine the transaction price which initiates with the purchase order
received from the customer and confirmation sent by the Company and will include discounts and allowances by customer if any, (4) allocate
the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract which is the shipment of the goods to the customer and transaction
price determined in step 3 above and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation which is when the
Company transfers control of the goods to the customers by shipment or delivery of the products. 

The
Company elected an accounting policy to treat shipping and handling activities as fulfillment activities. Consideration payable to a
customer is recorded as a reduction of the arrangement s transaction price, thereby reducing the amount of revenue recognized,
unless the payment is for distinct goods or services received from the customer. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

ASU
2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). The ASU simplifies the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics
of liabilities and equity. The FASB reduced the number of accounting models for convertible debt and convertible preferred stock instruments
and made certain disclosure amendments to improve the information provided to users. In addition, the FASB amended the derivative guidance
for the own stock scope exception and certain aspects of the earnings per share EPS guidance. The guidance is effective for smaller reporting
companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is
permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The
Company adopted the ASU effective January 1, 2022 and applied the provisions of the ASU to the convertible note issued during the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

ASU
2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on
Financial Instruments, which requires entities to use a forward-looking, expected loss model to estimate credit losses. It also
requires entities to consider additional disclosures related to credit quality of trade and other receivables, including information
related to management s estimate of credit allowances. ASU 2016-13 was further amended in November 2018 by ASU 2018-19,
Codification Improvements to Topic 236, Financial Instrument-Credit Losses. For public business entities that are U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) filers excluding smaller reporting companies, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other public business entities, the amendments
are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. On October
16, 2019, FASB voted to delay implementation of ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) -
Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. For all other entities, the amendments are now effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. On November 15,
2019, FASB issued an Accounting Standard Update No. 2019-10 to amend the implementation date to fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years, and interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. As this ASU became effective on January 1, 2023,
the Company continues to evaluate the impact of these amendments to the Company s financial position and results of operations
and currently expects no material impact of the adoption of the amendments on the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We
currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this
Item. 

43 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Blue
Star Foods Corp. 

 Index
to Audited Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

44 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Blue
Star Foods Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Blue Star Foods Corp. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders 
equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

www.malonebailey.com 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

April
17, 2023 

F- 1 

Blue Star Foods Corp. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Advances to related parties 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

RELATED PARTY LONG-TERM RECEIVABLE 

FIXED ASSETS, net 

RIGHT OF USE ASSET 

INTANGIBLE ASSETS, net 

Trademarks 
 - 

Customer relationships 
 - 

Non-compete agreements 
 - 

Total Intangible Assets 
 - 

GOODWILL 
 - 

ADVANCES TO RELATED PARTY 
 
 - 
 
 OTHER ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accruals 

Working capital line of credit 

Deferred income 

Current maturities of long-term debt, net of discounts 
 
 - 
 
 Current maturities of lease liabilities 

Current maturities of related party long-term notes 

Loan payable 
 
 - 
 
 Related party notes payable - subordinated 

Other current liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 

Lease liability, net of current portion 

Debt, net of current portion and discounts 
 - 

Related party notes, net of current portion 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Series A cumulative convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements 

F- 2 

Blue Star Foods Corp. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 

REVENUE, NET 

COST OF REVENUE 

GROSS (LOSS) PROFIT 

COMMISSIONS 

SALARIES AND WAGES 

DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION 

IMPAIRMENT LOSS 

OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME 

LOSS ON CONVERSION OF DEBT 
 
 - 
 
 INTEREST EXPENSE 

NET LOSS 

DIVIDEND ON PREFERRED STOCK 
 - 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS: 

CHANGE IN FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENT 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO BLUE STAR FOODS CORP. 

Loss per common share: 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

Blue Star Foods Corp. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 (Deficit) 

Series A Preferred Stock .0001 par value 
 Common Stock .0001 par value 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Total Stockholder s Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 (Deficit) 
 
 December 31, 2020 
 
 - 

- 

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued to settle related party interest 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for service 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for Taste of BC acquisition held in escrow 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for Taste of BC Acquisition 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Series A preferred 8 dividend issued in common stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Preferred Stock conversion to Common Stock 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued from exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrants issued on long-term debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for service 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for asset acquisition 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued from exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for note payment 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued to settle related party notes payable and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Cumulative translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

Blue Star Foods Corp. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) operating activities: 

Stock based compensation 

Common stock issued for service 

PPP loan forgiveness 
 - 

Impairment of goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of intangible assets 

Impairment of fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation of fixed assets 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Lease expense 

Write down of inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Bad debt expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivables 

Inventories 

Advances to related parties 

Other current assets 

Right of use liability 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accruals 

Deferred income 

Other current liabilities 

Net Cash (Used in) Operating Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Net cash paid for acquisition 

Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 
 - 

Purchases of fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Net Cash (Used in) Investing Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from common stock offering 
 - 

Proceeds from common stock warrants exercised 

Proceeds from working capital line of credit 

Proceeds from PPP loan 
 - 

Proceeds from convertible debt 
 
 - 
 
 Repayments of working capital line of credit 

Principal payments of convertible debt 
 
 - 
 
 Repayments of related party notes payable 

Principal payments of long-term debt 
 - 

Payment of loan costs 
 
 - 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES 

Common stock issued to settle payable and accrued interest 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease assets recognized in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Warrants issued for convertible debt 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for asset acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for partial settlement of note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Series A preferred 8 dividend issued in common stock 
 - 

Preferred shares conversion to common stock 
 - 

Common stock issued for interest payment 
 - 

Common stock issued for acquisition 
 - 

Related party notes recognized from business acquisition 
 - 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for interest 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

consisting of: (i) an aggregate of CAD in cash (with
each Seller receiving a pro rata amount based upon the total number of TOBC Shares held by such Seller); (ii) promissory notes in the
aggregate principal amount of CAD (the Notes with the principal amount of each Seller s Note based on such
Seller s pro rata portion of the TOBC Shares); and (iii) shares of the Company s common stock (representing CAD 
of shares based on USD per share) with each Seller receiving a pro rata portion of such shares based upon the total number of TOBC
Shares held by such Seller. 

On June 24, 2021, the Purchase Agreement was amended
(the Amendment ), to increase the Purchase Price to an aggregate of CAD and the acquisition closed. As a result
of the acquisition, TOBC became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Pursuant to the Amendment, on August 3, 2021, an aggregate of
 shares of the Company s common stock (representing CAD of additional shares calculated at USD per share)
was put in escrow until the 24-month anniversary of the closing. , the Sellers will receive all of the escrowed shares. If as of the 24-month anniversary of the closing, TOBC has cumulative
revenue of less than CAD , the Sellers will receive a prorated number of the escrowed shares based on the actual cumulative revenue
of TOBC as of such date . 

TOBC is a land-based recirculating aquaculture systems
salmon farming operation, based in Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada, which sells its steelhead salmon and rainbow trout fingerlings to
distributors in Canada. 

On February 3, 2022, Coastal Pride entered into an
asset purchase agreement with Gault Seafood, LLC, a South Carolina limited liability company Gault Seafood ), and Robert
J. Gault II, President of Gault Seafood Gault pursuant to which Coastal Pride acquired all of the Seller s right,
title and interest in and to assets relating to Gault Seafood s soft-shell crab operations, including intellectual property, equipment,
vehicles and other assets used in connection with the soft-shell crab business. Coastal Pride did not assume any liabilities in connection
with the acquisition. The purchase price for the assets consisted of a cash payment in the amount of and the issuance of 
shares of common stock of the Company with a fair value of . Such shares are subject to a leak-out agreement pursuant to which
Gault Seafood may not sell or otherwise transfer the shares until February 3, 2023. 

related to Coastal Pride and TOBC for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
impairment was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

,
 
and ,
respectively, and an impairment on fixed assets of 
for the year ended December 31, 2022. An impairment loss on customer relationships intangible asset of 
was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

cash equivalents. 

The Company considers any cash balance in the lender
designated cash collateral account as restricted cash. All cash proceeds must be deposited into the cash collateral account, and will
be cleared and applied to the line of credit. The Company has no access to this account, and the purpose of the funds is restricted to
repayment of the line of credit. 

and , respectively. There
was allowance for bad debt recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

which was charged to cost of goods sold. 

Feeds and eggs processed 

In-transit inventory 

Inventory allowance 

- 

- 

Inventory, net 

. No new purchases have been made from Bacolod since November
2020. There was cost of revenue related to inventories purchased from Bacolod recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

years 

Furniture and fixtures 

to years 

Computer equipment 

years 

Warehouse and refrigeration equipment 

years 

Leasehold improvements 

years 

Automobile 

years 

Trade show booth 

years 

The RAS system is comprised of tanks, plumbing, pumps,
controls, hatchery, tools and other equipment all working together for the TOBC facility. 

Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line
method over the shorter of the expected life of the improvement or the remaining lease term. 

The Company capitalizes expenditures for major improvements
and additions and expenses those items which do not improve or extend the useful life of the fixed assets. 

The Company reviews fixed assets for recoverability
if events or changes in circumstances indicate the assets may be impaired. For the year ended December 31, 2022, an impairment was recorded
related to Coastal Pride and TOBC fixed assets of . 

. The
resulting net translation gains and losses are reported as foreign currency translation adjustments in stockholders equity as a
component of comprehensive (loss) income. The Company recorded foreign currency translation adjustment of approximately and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

When the Company has the option to extend the lease
term, terminate the lease before the contractual expiration date, or purchase the leased asset, and it is reasonably certain that the
Company will exercise the option, it considers these options in determining the classification and measurement of the lease. Costs associated
with operating lease assets are recognized on a straight-line basis within operating expenses over the term of the lease. 

Liabilities 

Current 

Operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent 

Operating lease liabilities 

ROU assets recognized in exchange for lease obligations: 

Operating leases 

years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total lease payments 

Less: amount of lease payments representing interest 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

Less: current obligations under leases 

Non-current obligations 

and , for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. One customer accounted for 
of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The Company had ten customers which accounted for
approximately of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021. One customer accounted for of revenue during the year ended
December 31, 2021. Outstanding receivables from these customers accounted for approximately of the total accounts receivable as of
December 31, 2021. 

The loss of any major customer could have a material
adverse impact on the Company s results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

of the Company s total purchases during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s largest supplier is located in
Indonesia and accounted for of the Company s total purchases in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The Company had four suppliers which accounted for
approximately of the Company s total purchases during the year ended December 31, 2021. These four suppliers are located in
the United States, Indonesia, Mexico and China, which accounted for approximately of the Company s total purchases during the
year. During 2021, the Company purchased inventory from one non-affiliated Mexican supplier that made up the balance of of the supply
concentration. 

The loss of any major supplier could have a material
adverse impact on the Company s results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

Level 3 measurements are based on unobservable data
that are supported by little or no market activity and are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

The Company s financial instruments include cash, accounts
receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and debt obligations. The Company believes the carrying values of cash, accounts receivable,
accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair values because they are short term in nature or payable on demand. The
carrying value of long-term debt approximates fair value since the related rates of interest approximate current
market rates. The
Company does not have any assets or liabilities that are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

shares of preferred stock were converted
into shares of common stock. As further described in Notes 10 and 11 Options and Warrants, as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and options may be exercised, respectively, and and warrants are exercisable, respectively. 

As there was a net loss for the years ended December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, basic and diluted losses per share each year are the same. 

and in interest paid to related parties notes payable. See Note 7 Debt for further information. 

A tax position is recognized as a benefit only if
it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed
to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized on examination.
For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded. 

The Company s policy is to recognize interest
and penalties on uncertain tax positions in Income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. There were
 amounts related to interest and penalties recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

, has
an accumulated deficit of and working capital deficit of , inclusive of in subordinated stockholder debt.
These factors raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s ability
to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to increase revenues, execute on its business plan to acquire
complimentary companies, raise capital, and to continue to sustain adequate working capital to finance its operations. The failure to
achieve the necessary levels of profitability and cash flows would be detrimental to the Company. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, approximately of the balance was related
to prepaid inventory to the Company s suppliers. The remainder of the balance was related to prepaid insurance and other prepaid
expenses. 

RAS system 

Automobiles 

Leasehold improvements 

Total 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and impairment 

Fixed assets, net 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, depreciation
expense totaled approximately and , respectively. 

Acquisition of TOBC 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Balance, December 31 
 - 

- 
 
 Trademarks TOBC 

- 
 
 Customer Relationships Coastal Pride 

- 
 
 Customer Relationships TOBC 

- 
 
 Non-Compete Agreements Coastal Pride 

- 
 
 Non-Compete Agreements TOBC 

- 
 
 Total 

- 

The
following table sets forth the components of the Company s intangible assets at December 31, 2021: 

Amortization Period (Years) 
 Cost 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 and Impairment 
 Net Book Value 

Intangible Assets Subject to amortization 

Trademarks Coastal Pride 

Trademarks TOBC 

Customer Relationships Coastal Pride 

Customer Relationships TOBC 

Non-Compete Agreements Coastal Pride 

Non-Compete Agreements TOBC 

Total 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, amortization expense of intangible assets totaled approximately 
and ,
respectively. 

revolving line of credit for a term of thirty-six months, renewable annually for
one-year periods thereafter. Amounts due under the line of credit are represented by a revolving credit note issued to Lighthouse by the
Borrowers. 

. 

The line of credit is secured by a first priority
security interest on all the assets of each Borrower. Pursuant to the terms of a guaranty agreement, the Company guaranteed the obligations
of the Borrowers under the note and John Keeler, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, provided a personal guaranty
of up to to Lighthouse. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the Loan
Agreement, except for the requirement to maintain a greater than cash flow in the months of July, August, September, October,
November and December. Lighthouse has notified the Borrowers as to this default but has elected not to exercise its rights and remedies
under the loan documents. 

The Borrowers utilized 
of the Lighthouse revolving line of credit to repay the outstanding indebtedness owed to ACF as of March 31, 2021. As a result, all obligations
owed to ACF were satisfied and the loan agreement with ACF was terminated. Cash proceeds from the working capital line of credit totaled and cash payments to the working capital line of credit totaled
 . The outstanding balance owed to Lighthouse as of December 31,
2022 was . 

John Keeler Promissory Notes
 Subordinated 

The Company had unsecured promissory notes outstanding
to its stockholder of approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These notes are payable on demand,
bear an annual interest rate of and were subordinated to the ACF working capital line of credit until March 31, 2021. Since March 31,
2021, these notes are subordinated to the Lighthouse note. The Company made principal payments during the year ended December 31, 2022,
and 2021 of and , respectively. 

Lind Global Fund II LP
investment 

On January 24, 2022, the Company entered into a
securities purchase agreement with Lind Global Fund II LP, a Delaware limited partnership Lind ), pursuant to which
the Company issued to Lind a secured, two-year, interest free convertible promissory note in the principal amount of and
a five -year
warrant to purchase shares
of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per
share, subject to customary adjustments. The warrant provides for cashless exercise and for full ratchet anti-dilution if the
Company issues securities at less than per
share. In connection with the issuance of the note and the warrant, the Company paid a commitment
fee to Lind and approximately of
debt issuance costs. The Company recorded a total of debt
discount at issuance of the debt, including original issuance discount of ,
commitment fee of ,
 debt
issuance cost, and related
to the fair value of warrants issued. Amortization expense recorded in interest expense totaled during
the year ended December 31, 2022. The unamortized discount on the note totaled as of December 31, 2022. 

, at the Company s option,
in cash or shares of common stock at a price (the Repayment Share Price based on 90 of the five lowest volume weighted
average prices VWAP during the 20-days prior to the payment date with a floor price of 1.50 per share (the Floor
Price ), or a combination of cash and stock provided that if at any time the Repayment Share Price is deemed to be the Floor Price,
then in addition to shares, the Company will pay Lind an additional amount in cash as determined pursuant to a formula contained in the
note . 

In connection with the issuance
of the note, the Company granted Lind a first priority security interest and lien on all of its assets, including a pledge on its shares
in John Keeler Co. Inc., its wholly-owned subsidiary, pursuant to a security agreement and a stock pledge agreement with Lind, dated
January 24, 2022. Each subsidiary of the Company also granted a second priority security interest in all of its respective assets. 

The note is mandatorily payable
prior to maturity if the Company issues any preferred stock (with certain exceptions described in the note) or, if the Company or its
subsidiaries issues any indebtedness other than certain amounts under the current line of credit facility with Lighthouse. The Company
also agreed not to issue or sell any securities with a conversion, exercise or other price based on a discount to the trading prices of
the Company s stock or to grant the right to receive additional securities based on future transactions of the Company on terms
more favorable than those granted to Lind, with certain exceptions. 

If the Company fails to maintain
the listing and trading of its common stock, the note will become due and payable and Lind may convert all or a portion of the outstanding
principal at the lower of the then current conversion price and of the average of the 3-day VWAP during the 20 days prior to delivery
of the conversion notice. 

If the Company engages in
capital raising transactions, Lind has the right to purchase up to of the new securities. 

The note is convertible into
common stock at per share, subject to certain adjustments, at any time after the earlier of six months from issuance or the date
the registration statement is effective; provided that no such conversion may be made that would result in beneficial ownership by Lind
and its affiliates of more than of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock. If shares are issued by the Company at
less than the conversion price, the conversion price will be reduced to such price. 

. The Note contains certain negative
covenants, including restricting the Company from certain distributions, stock repurchases, borrowing, sale of assets, loans and exchange
offers. 

Upon an event of default
as described in the note, the note will become immediately due and payable at a default interest rate of of the then outstanding
principal amount. Upon a default, all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount may be converted into shares of common stock by
Lind at the lower of the conversion price and of the average of the three lowest daily VWAPs. 

During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company made principal payments on the note totaling 
through the issuance of an aggregate of 
shares of common stock and cash payments of 
which included principal payments and additional payments requested by Lind pursuant to the terms of the note. 

First West Credit Union CEBA Loan 

On June 24, 2021, the Company assumed a commercial
term loan with First West Credit Union Canada Emergency Business Account CEBA in the principal amount of CAD in
connection with the acquisition of TOBC. , the then outstanding
balance will be converted to interest only monthly payments at . On October 19, 2022, the loan was amended to extend the loan forgiveness
date and interest-free period from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2023. 

Walter Lubkin Jr. Note Subordinated 

On November 26, 2019, the Company issued a
five-year unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of 
to Walter Lubkin Jr. as part of the purchase price for the Coastal Pride acquisition. 
per annum. The note is payable quarterly based on an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 25,000 or (ii) 25 of the EBITDA of Coastal
Pride, as determined on the first day of each quarter . The first payment was scheduled for February 26, 2020, however, the
EBITDA generated for Coastal Pride during the 3 months did not warrant a principal payment. This note is subordinated to the working
capital line of credit. Principal payments are permitted so long as the borrower is not in default of its working capital line of
credit. 

Interest expense for the Walter Lubkin Jr. note totaled
approximately and during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

On October 8, 2021, of the outstanding principal
and accrued interest to date was paid on the note by the Company. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, 
of the outstanding principal and accrued interest was paid in cash and 
of the outstanding principal and accrued interest was paid in shares of common stock of the Company. 

Walter Lubkin III Convertible Note Subordinated 

On November 26, 2019, the Company issued a thirty-nine-month
unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of to Walter Lubkin III as part the purchase price for the Coastal Pride acquisition.
The note bears interest at the rate of per annum. . At the election of the holder, at any time after the first anniversary of the issuance of the note, the then outstanding principal
and accrued interest may be converted into the Company s common stock at a rate of per share. This note is subordinated to
the working capital line of credit. Principal payments are permitted so long as the borrower is not in default of its working capital
line of credit. 

Interest expense for the Walter Lubkin III note totaled
approximately and during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

On October 8, 2021, of the outstanding principal
and accrued interest to date was paid on the note by the Company. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, all of the
outstanding principal and accrued interest to date was paid through a combination of cash and shares of common stock issued on the
note by the Company totaling . 

Tracy Greco Convertible Note Subordinated 

On November 26, 2019, the Company issued a thirty-nine-month
unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of to Tracy Greco as part of the purchase price for the Coastal Pride acquisition.
The note bears interest at the rate of per annum. . At the election of the holder, at any time after the first anniversary of the issuance of the note, the then outstanding principal
and accrued interest may be converted into the Company s common stock at a rate of per share. This note is subordinated to
the working capital line of credit. Principal payments are permitted so long as the borrower is not in default of its working capital
line of credit. 

Interest expense for the Tracy Greco note totaled
approximately and during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

On October 8, 2021, of the outstanding principal
and accrued interest to date was paid on the note by the Company. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, all of the
outstanding principal and accrued interest to date was paid through a combination of cash and shares of common stock issued on the
note by the Company totaling . 

John Lubkin Convertible Note Subordinated 

On November 26, 2019, the Company issued a thirty-nine-month
unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of to John Lubkin as part the Coastal Pride acquisition. The note bears interest
at the rate of per annum. . At the election
of the holder, at any time after the first anniversary of the issuance of the note, the then outstanding principal and accrued interest
may be converted into the Company s common stock at a rate of per share. This note is subordinated to the working capital
line of credit. Principal payments are permitted so long as the borrower is not in default of its working capital line of credit. 

Interest expense for the John Lubkin note totaled
approximately and during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

On October 8, 2021, of the outstanding principal
and accrued interest to date was paid on the note by the Company. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, all of the
outstanding principal and accrued interest to date was paid through a combination of cash and shares of common stock issued on the
note by the Company totaling . 

Kenar Note 

On March 26, 2019, the Company issued a four-month
promissory note in the principal amount of (the Kenar Note to Kenar Overseas Corp., a company registered in
Panama Kenar ), , (ii) provide that the Company use one-third of any capital raise from
the sale of its equity to reduce the outstanding principal under the Kenar Note, (iii) set the interest rate at per annum, payable
monthly commencing October 1, 2020, and (iv) reduce the number of pledged shares by Mr. Keeler to . As consideration for Kenar s
agreement to amend the note, on May 27, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock to Kenar. 

The amendment to the Kenar Note was analyzed under
ASC 470-50 and was determined that it will be accounted for as an extinguishment of the old debt and the new debt will be recorded at
fair value with the new effective interest rate of . Additionally, this treatment resulted in the cost of the modification paid in
common stock with a value of charged to other expense as of the date of the amendment as a non-cash forbearance fee. 

On April 28, 2021, the Kenar Note was further amended
to extend the maturity date to May 31, 2021. 

On July 6, 2021, the Company entered into a note payoff
indemnity agreement with Kenar pursuant to which the Company paid Kenar of principal and accrued interest in full satisfaction
of the amounts due to Kenar under the Second Loan Amendment, dated April 26, 2021, between the Company and Kenar, and the Kenar Note was
extinguished, and the shares pledged by Mr. Keeler were released. 

Interest expense for the Kenar Note totaled approximately
 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Lobo Note 

On April 2, 2019, the Company issued a four-month
unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of (the Lobo Note to Lobo Holdings, LLLP, a stockholder of the
Company Lobo ). The Lobo Note bears interest at the rate of per annum. The Lobo Note may be prepaid in whole or in part
without penalty. John Keeler, the Company s Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pledged shares of common stock
of the Company to secure the Company s obligations under the Lobo Note. . On November 15, 2019, the Company paid off the Lobo Note with the issuance
to Lobo of an unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of which accrued interest at the rate of per annum and matured
on March 31, 2020. On April 1, 2020, the Company paid off the November 15, 2019 Lobo Note with the issuance to Lobo of a six-month unsecured
promissory note in the principal amount of , which accrued interest at the rate of per annum and matured on October 1, 2020.
On October 1, 2020, the Company paid off the April 1, 2020 note with the issuance of a three-month unsecured promissory note in the principal
amount of , which bears interest at the rate of per annum and matured on December 31, 2020. 

On January 1, 2021, the Company paid off the October
1, 2020 note with the issuance of a six-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of , which bears interest at the
rate of per annum and matures on June 30, 2021. On July 1, 2021, the Company paid off the January
1, 2021 Lobo note with the issuance of a three-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of which accrued interest
at the rate of per annum and matured on September 30, 2021. On October 1, 2021, the Company paid off the July 1, 2021 Lobo Note with
the issuance of a one-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of , which accrued interest at the rate of per
annum and matured on November 1, 2021. 

On November
1, 2021, the Company paid Lobo of principal and accrued interest in full satisfaction of the amounts due to Lobo under the one-month
unsecured promissory note dated October 1, 2021, between the Company and Lobo, and the Lobo Note was extinguished. 

Interest expense for the Lobo Note totaled approximately
 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Payroll
Protection Program Loans 

On
March 2, 2021, the Company received proceeds of and issued an unsecured promissory note to US Century in the principal amount
of in connection with a CARES Act Payroll Protection Program PPP Loan ). The note accrues interest at per
annum, matures five years from the date of issuance and is fully guaranteed by the SBA and may be forgiven provided certain criteria
are met. In September 2021, the Company applied for the loan forgiveness by the SBA through US Century Bank for the full amount which
was granted in October 2021 and was recognized as other income in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

was paid as
follows: (i) an aggregate of CAD in cash to the Sellers; (ii) promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of CAD 
to the Sellers; (iii) shares of the Company s common stock and an aggregate of shares of the Company s common
stock were issued on August 3, 2021 and put in escrow until June 24, 2023. If, within 24 months of the closing, TOBC has cumulative revenue
of at least CAD , the Sellers will receive all of the escrowed shares. If, as of the 24-month anniversary of the closing, TOBC
has cumulative revenue of less than CAD , the Sellers will receive a prorated number of the escrowed shares based on the actual
cumulative revenue of TOBC as of such date. 

The
transaction costs incurred in connection with the acquisition of TOBC amounted to which were expensed as incurred. 

Fair
Value of Consideration Transferred and Recording of Assets Acquired 

Common stock, shares of common stock of the Company 

Promissory notes to Sellers 

Contingent consideration - Common stock, shares of common stock of the Company in escrow 

Fair value of total consideration 

Purchase Price Allocation: 

Tangible assets acquired 

Trademarks 

Customer relationships 

Non-compete agreements 

Goodwill 

Liabilities assumed 

Fair market value of net assets acquired 

In
determining the fair value of the common stock issued, the Company considered the value of the stock as estimated by the Company at the
time of closing which was determined to be , based on the Company s private placement offering price. 

Liabilities
assumed included three mortgage loans of approximately CAD 
 which were paid off by the Company on July 9,
2021. The Company has one commercial loan outstanding for CAD 
 which is due on December 31, 2025. 

Pro
Forma Information 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

The
information included in the pro forma amounts is derived from historical information obtained from the Sellers of TOBC. 

Acquisition
of Gault Seafood 

On
February 3, 2022, Coastal Pride entered into an asset purchase agreement with Gault Seafood and Robert J. Gault II pursuant to which Coastal
Pride acquired all of Gault Seafood s right, title and interest in and to assets relating to Gault Seafood s soft-shell crab
operations, including intellectual property, equipment, vehicles and other assets used in connection with the soft-shell crab operations.
Coastal Pride did not assume any liabilities in connection with the acquisition. The purchase price for the assets consisted of a cash
payment in the amount of and the issuance of shares of common stock of the Company with a fair value of . The
acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition. 

Fair
Value of Consideration Transferred and Recording of Assets Acquired 

Common stock, 
 shares of common stock of the Company 

Transaction costs 

Fair value of total consideration 

Purchase Price Allocation: 

Fixed assets acquired 

Customer relationships 

Fair market value of net assets acquired 

shares of preferred stock as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock . The Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Stock has no maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund or redemption and
will remain outstanding indefinitely unless and until converted by the holder or the Company redeems or otherwise repurchases the Series
A Stock. 

Dividends.
 Cumulative dividends accrue on each share of Series A Stock at the rate of (the Dividend Rate of the purchase price
of per share, commencing on the date of issuance. Dividends are payable quarterly, when and if declared by the Board, beginning
on September 30, 2018 (each a Dividend Payment Date and are payable in shares of common stock (a PIK Dividend with such shares being valued at the daily volume weighted average price VWAP of the common stock for the thirty trading
days immediately prior to each Dividend Payment Date or if not traded or quoted as determined by an independent appraiser selected in
good faith by the Company. Any fractional shares of a PIK Dividend will be rounded to the nearest one-hundredth of a share. All shares
of common stock issued in payment of a PIK Dividend will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. Dividends
will accumulate whether or not the Company has earnings, there are funds legally available for the payment of those dividends and whether
or not those dividends are declared by the Board. 

Dividends
of common stock were authorized for issuance to the stockholders in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designation for the
Series A Stock. On March 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to Series A preferred stockholders as a common stock
dividend for the quarter ended March 31, 2021. 

Conversion.
 Each share of Series A Stock is convertible at any time and in the sole discretion of the holder, into shares of common stock at
a conversion rate of shares of common stock for each share of Series A Stock (the Conversion Rate The Company analyzed
the embedded conversion option for derivative accounting consideration under ASC 815-15 Derivatives and Hedging and determined
that the conversion option should be classified as equity. On June 30 2021, all preferred shares were converted to common shares and
the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to Series A preferred shareholders upon conversion of an aggregate
 shares of Series A Stock. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock at a par value of and had and shares
of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On
July 1, 2020, the Company entered into an investment banking engagement agreement, as amended on October 30, 2020, with Newbridge Securities
Corporation. In consideration for advisory services, the Company agreed to issue Newbridge a total of shares of common stock with
a fair value of which is amortized to expense over the term of the agreement. The Company recognized stock compensation expense
of for the year ended December 31, 2021 in connection with these shares. 

On
February 8, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to an investor relations firm for services
provided to the Company under an investor relations consulting agreement. 

On
March 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to the designee of a law firm for services
provided to the Company. 

On
March 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to an investor relations firm for services
provided to the Company under an investor relations consulting agreement. 

On
March 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to Series A preferred stockholders as a common stock dividend with an
aggregate fair value of for the three months ended March 31, 2021. 

On
April 15, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to Walter Lubkin Jr., Walter Lubkin III, Tracy Greco
and John Lubkin (collectively, the Coastal Sellers in lieu of of outstanding interest under promissory notes issued
by the Company to the Coastal Sellers in connection with the Coastal Pride acquisition. 

On
April 19, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to the designee of a law firm for services
provided to the Company. 

On
April 29, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to Kenar in lieu of of outstanding interest under the Kenar
Note. 

On
April 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to an investor relations firm for services
provided to the Company under an investor relations consulting agreement. 

On
May 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to an investor relations firm for services
provided to the Company under an investor relations consulting agreement. 

On
June 24, 2021, the Company issued shares to the sellers of TOBC as partial consideration for the sale of TOBC to the Company. 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to an investor relations firm for services
provided to the Company under an investor relations consulting agreement. 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to the designee of a law firm for services
provided to the Company. 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to Series A preferred stockholders upon conversion of
an aggregate shares of Series A preferred stock. 

On
July 21, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement as amended on November 10, 2021, with Intelligent Investments I, LLC Intelligent ).
In consideration for consulting services, the Company agreed to issue Intelligent a total of shares of common stock with a fair
value of which is amortized to expense over the term of the agreement. The Company recognized stock compensation expense of
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with these shares. 

On
August 3, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to an investor relations firm for services
provided to the Company under an investor relations consulting agreement. 

On
November 5, 2021, we issued shares of common stock to Newbridge Securities Corporation Newbridge ), as underwriters 
representative, in connection with our underwritten public offering for gross proceeds of million. 

On
November 5, 2021 we issued a warrant to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share
to Newbridge. Such warrant is exercisable on a date which is 180 days from the closing of the underwritten offering and expires on November
11, 2024. 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to Intelligent Investments I LLC for legal services provided to the
Company. 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to TraDigital Marketing Group for consulting services provided to
the Company. 

On
December 31, 2021, we issued shares of common stock to each of Nubar Herian and John Keeler, shares of common stock to
each of Timothy McLellan and Trond Ringstad and shares of common stock to Jeffrey Guzy for serving as directors of the Company. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to investors upon the exercise of warrants
for total proceeds of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold pursuant to subscription agreements an aggregate of shares of common stock
at per share and issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares at an exercise price of to various accredited
investors in private offerings for gross proceeds of million. 

On
January 24, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to an investor upon the exercise of warrants for total proceeds of
 . 

On
February 3, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to Gault Seafood as partial consideration
for the purchase of certain of its assets. 

On
March 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Intelligent Investments I LLC, with a fair value of , for
legal services provided to the Company. 

On
March 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to TraDigital Marketing Group for consulting
services provided to the Company. 

On
April 1, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to the designee of Clear Think Capital LLC Clear Think Capital for consulting services provided to the Company. 

On
April 4, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to SRAX, Inc. for consulting services provided
to the Company which is amortized to expense over the term of the agreement. The Company recognized stock compensation expense of 
for the year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with these shares. 

On
April 5, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock with a fair value of to Newbridge Securities
Corporation and its affiliates for consulting services provided to the Company. 

On
May 1, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to the designee of Clear Think Capital for consulting
services provided to the Company. 

On
June 1, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to the designee of Clear Think Capital for
consulting services provided to the Company. 

On
June 3, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to TraDigital Marketing Group for consulting
services provided to the Company. 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Intelligent Investments I LLC, with a fair value of , for legal
services provided to the Company. 

On
July 1, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to the designee of Clear Think Capital for
consulting services provided to the Company. 

On
August 1, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to the designee of Clear Think Capital for
consulting services provided to the Company. 

On
August 25, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Lind, with a fair value of , in satisfaction of the convertible
promissory note. 

On
September 1, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to the designee of Clear Think Capital
for consulting services provided to the Company. 

On
September 26, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Lind, with a fair value of , in satisfaction of the
convertible promissory note. 

On
October 1, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to the designee of Clear Think Capital for
consulting services provided to the Company. 

On
November 1, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to the designee of Clear Think Capital
for consulting services provided to the Company. 

On
December 1, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to the designee of Clear Think Capital
for consulting services provided to the Company. 

On
December 21, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Lind with a fair value of , in satisfaction of the convertible
promissory note. 

On
December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares
of common stock to each of Nubar Herian and John Keeler, shares of common stock to each of Timothy McLellan and Trond Ringstad,
 shares of common stock to each of Juan Carlos Dalto and Silvia Alana and shares of common stock to Jeffrey Guzy with a
total fair value of for serving as directors of the Company. 

On
December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to Walter Lubkin Jr., Walter Lubkin III, Tracy Greco
and John Lubkin in lieu of of outstanding principal and interest under promissory notes issued by the Company to them in connection
with the Coastal Pride acquisition. 

and , respectively, in compensation expense was recognized on
the following: 

1. 
 Ten -year
 options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of , which vest from the date of grant, were
 issued to Christopher Constable, the Company s former Chief Financial Officer, under the 2018 Plan during the year ended December
 31, 2018 and have vested during the year ended December 31, 2019. In connection with our underwritten public offering, such shares
 underlying the option are subject to a lock-up and may not be sold or otherwise transferred until May 3, 2022. 

2. 
 Ten -year
 options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of , which vest as to of the shares subject to the
 option each year from the date of grant, were issued to various long-term employees under the 2018 Plan during the year ended December
 31, 2019. 
 
 3. 
 Ten -year
 options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of , which vest as to of the shares subject to the
 option each year from the date of grant, were issued to an employee under the 2018 Plan during the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 
 4. 
 Ten -year
 options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of , which vest as to of the shares subject to the
 option each year from the date of grant, were issued to various contractors during the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 
 5. 
 Three -year
 options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of , which vest in equal monthly installments
 during the first year from the date of grant, were issued to the Company s directors during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 6. 
 
 7. 
 
 8. 
 
 9. 
 Three -year
 options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of
 , which vest in equal monthly installments during the term of the option, were issued
 to an officer of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Five -year
 options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of , which vest in equal monthly installments
 during the term of the option, were issued to the Company s directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Three -year
 options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of , which vest in equal monthly installments during
 the term of the option, were issued to an employee during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Three -year
 options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of , which vest in equal monthly installments during the
 term of the option, were issued to an employee during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Risk Free Interest Rate 

Expected life of options 

Under
the Black-Scholes option pricing model, the fair value of the options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock granted
during the year ended December 31, 2021 was estimated at on the date of grant. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the unrecognized
portion of the expense remaining outstanding was . The weighted average period of unrecognized stock options compensation that
is expected to be recognized as expense is approximately 7 years. During the year ended December 31, 2021, an aggregate of shares
subject to options were forfeited, shares were vested, which resulted in a reversal of the expense of . 

On
April 20, 2022, the Company s existing directors and two newly appointed directors each entered into a one-year director service
agreement with the Company, which will automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless either party notifies the other of its
desire not to renew the agreement at least 30 days prior to the end of the then current term, or unless earlier terminated in accordance
with the terms of the agreement. As compensation for serving on the Board of Directors, each director will be entitled to a annual
stock grant and for serving on a Committee of the Board, an additional annual stock grant, both based upon the closing sales price
of the common stock on the last trading day of the calendar year. Each director who serves as chairman of the Audit Committee, Compensation
Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee will be entitled to an additional , and annual stock grant, respectively.
As additional consideration for such Board service, on April 20, 2022, 
shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share, which shares will vest in equal quarterly installments
of shares during the term of the option. The agreement also includes customary confidentiality provisions and one-year non-competition
and non-solicitation provisions. 

On
September 16, 2022, the Company granted an employee a three -year option to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price
of which vests in equal monthly installments during the term of the option. 

On
November 22, 2022, the Company granted an employee a three -year option to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price
of which vests in equal monthly installments during the term of the option. 

Under
the Black-Scholes option pricing model, the fair value of the options, options and options granted during the year
ended December 31, 2022 is estimated at , and , respectively, on the date of grant using the following assumptions:
stock price of , and at the grant date, exercise price of the option, option term, volatility rate of , 
and and risk-free interest rate of , and , respectively. The unrecognized portion of the expense remaining at
December 31, 2022 is , and , respectively, which is expected to be recognized to expense over a period of . 

Exercisable - December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 
 
 - 

Outstanding - December 31, 2021 

Exercisable - December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 
 
 - 

Outstanding - December 31, 2022 

Exercisable - December 31, 2022 

- 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company determined that the five -year option to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise
price of granted to an employee of TOBC in 2021 does not meet the vesting requirements pursuant to the terms of the option grant
and accordingly, reversed the expense recorded of approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
non-vested options outstanding are and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Exercisable December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Granted 
 
 - 

Exercised 

Forfeited or Expired 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding December 31, 2022 

Exercisable December 31, 2022 

- 

As
of December 31, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares at an exercise price of per share
in a private offering to accredited investors that expire in June 2024. The Company also issued a warrant to purchase an
aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share to Newbridge. Such warrant is exercisable on a date
which is 180 days from the closing of the offering November 5, 2021 and expires on November 5, 2024. The Company issued shares
at an exercise price of and shares at an exercise price of to investors upon the exercise of warrants. 

On
January 24, 2022, in connection with the issuance of the promissory note to Lind pursuant to a securities purchase agreement,
the Company issued Lind a five -year warrant to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The
warrant provides for cashless exercise and full ratchet anti-dilution if the Company issues securities at less than per share.
Under the Black-Scholes pricing model, the fair value of the warrant issued to purchase shares of common stock was estimated
at on the date of issuance using the following assumptions: stock price of at the date of the agreement, exercise price
of the warrant, warrant term, volatility rate of and risk-free interest rate of from the Department of Treasury. The relative
fair value of was calculated using the net proceeds of the convertible note and accounted for as paid in capital. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock at an exercise price of to an investor upon
exercise of a warrant. 

State Tax Provision/(Benefit) net of federal benefit 

Permanent Book/Tax Differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other 

Income Tax Provision/(Benefit) 
 - 
 - 

Fixed Assets 

Stock based compensation 

Net Operating loss carryovers 

Non-Capital Losses 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Net Deferred Tax Asset/(Liability) 

Valuation Allowance 

Net Deferred Tax Asset/(Liability) 
 - 
 - 

Tax
periods for all fiscal years after 2018 remain open to examination by the federal and state taxing jurisdictions to which the
Company is subject. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has cumulative net federal and state operating losses of 
and , respectively. 

ASC
740, Income Taxes requires that a valuation allowance be established when it is more likely than not that
all, or a portion of, deferred tax assets will not be recognized. A review of all available positive and negative evidence needs to be
considered, including the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies.
After consideration of all the information available, management believes that uncertainty exists with respect to future realization
of its deferred tax assets and has, therefore, established a full valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company has evaluated and concluded that there were no material uncertain tax positions requiring
recognition in the Company s financial statements. The Company s policy is to classify assessments, if any, for tax related
interest as income tax expenses. No interest or penalties were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

-year term, was terminated on December 31, 2020, upon the sale of the facility to an unrelated
third-party. In connection with the sale, the Company retained approximately square feet of such space, rent-free for 12 months.
On January 1, 2022, the Company entered into a verbal month-to-month lease agreement for its executive offices with an unrelated third
party. The Company has paid to date under this lease. 

Coastal
Pride leases approximately square feet of office space in Beaufort, South Carolina. This office space consists of two leases with
related parties that expire 2024. 

On
February 3, 2022, in connection with the acquisition of certain assets of Gault, the Company entered into a one -year lease agreement
for square feet from Gault in Beaufort, South Carolina for per month until a new facility is completed. On February 3, 2023,
the lease with Gault was renewed for per month until February 2024. 

The
offices and facility of TOBC are located in Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada and are on land which was leased to TOBC for approximately
 per month plus taxes, from Steve and Janet Atkinson, the former TOBC owners, under a lease that expired December 1, 2021. On April
1, 2022, TOBC entered into a new five-year lease with Steve and Janet Atkinson for CAD per month plus taxes and paid CAD 
for rent for the year ended December 31, 2022 and an additional five-year lease with Kathryn Atkinson, spouse of TOBC s President,
for CAD per month plus taxes and paid CAD for rent for the year ended December 31, 2022. Both leases are renewable for two
additional five-year terms. 

Rental
and equipment lease expenses were approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Legal 

The
Company has reached a settlement agreement with a former employee. Although the agreement is not finalized the Company has reserved ,
representing the entire amount of the settlement. 

shares
of common stock for net proceeds of in
an at the market offering pursuant to a sales agreement between the Company and Roth Capital Partners, LLC. On January
31, 2023, 
of shares were repurchased back from Roth for .
The offering was terminated on February 2, 2023. 

On January 31, 2023, the Company issued 
 shares of common stock to Lind with a fair value of as payment of of
note principal due on the convertible promissory note. 

On
February 10, 2023, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with Aegis Capital Corp.
(the Underwriter ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to the Underwriter, in a firm commitment public offering,
(i) shares of common stock for a public offering price of per share and (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-funded
Warrants to purchase shares of common stock (the Warrant Shares ), for a public offering price of The Company also granted the Underwriter
an over-allotment option to purchase up to shares of common stock. The Pre-funded Warrants have an exercise price of 
per share. The Pre-funded Warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agent agreement between the Company and VStock Transfer,
LLC as the warrant agent. 

The
offering closed on February 14, 2023 with gross proceeds to the Company of approximately million, before deducting underwriting
discounts and other estimated expenses payable by the Company. The offering consisted of shares of common stock and Pre-funded
Warrants to purchase common stock at a price of per share (or per Pre-funded Warrant after reducing attributable
to the exercise price of the Pre-funded Warrants). 

In March
2023, the Company issued an aggregate of 
shares of common stock to Lind with a fair value of as payment of 
of note principal due on the convertible promissory note. 

F- 30 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
as of December 31, 2022, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e)
and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of such date
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act were recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that our disclosure controls
are not effectively designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the
Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the
supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors, management and other
personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

45 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only
 in accordance with authorizations of our management and board of directors; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, existing as of December 31, 2022, based on the
criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on that
evaluation, we believe that, during the period covered by this Report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect
the inappropriate application of GAAP rules due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over
financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that the following may be considered to be material weaknesses
under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board: 

inadequate monitoring controls over inventory
 maintained in the Company s third-party warehouse; 

ineffective
 controls over the Company s financial close and reporting process; and 

inadequate
 segregation of duties consistent with control objectives, including lack of personnel resources and technical accounting expertise
 within the accounting function of the Company. 

Management
believes that the material weaknesses that were identified did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes
that these weaknesses, if not properly remediated, could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 

Management s
Remediation Initiatives 

In
an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we plan to further
initiate the following measures, subject to the availability of required resources: 

We
 plan to create an internal control framework that will address financial close and reporting process, among other procedures; and 

We
 plan to create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and hire
 personnel resources with technical accounting expertise within the accounting function. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the
SEC that exempt smaller reporting companies from this requirement. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fourth quarter that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

46 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Below
are the names of and certain information regarding the Company s current executive officers and directors: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

John
 Keeler 
 
 52 
 
 Executive
 Chairman and Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Nubar
 Herian 
 
 53 
 
 Director 

Jeffrey
 J. Guzy 
 
 71 
 
 Director 

Timothy
 McLellan 
 
 66 
 
 Director 

Trond
 Ringstad 
 
 55 
 
 Director 

Silvia
 Alana 
 
 39 
 
 Director
 and Chief Financial Officer 

Juan
 Carlos Dalto 
 
 58 
 
 Director 

Miozotis
 Ponce 
 
 52 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 

Our
directors hold office for three-year terms and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Our officers are elected by the
board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors. 

The
principal occupation and business experience during the past five years for our executive officer and directors is as follows: 

John
Keeler has been Executive Chairman of the Board since November 8, 2018. Mr. Keeler founded John Keeler Co., d/b/a Blue
Star Foods in May 1995 and served as its Executive Chairman of the Board since inception during which time he grew the company to become
one of the leading marketers of imported blue swimming crab meat in the United States. Mr. Keeler built sales over the past 20 years
to 35+ million annually through 2017. Mr. Keeler oversees procurement as well as operating facilities in the Philippines and Indonesia.
Mr. Keeler is an executive committee member of the National Fisheries Institute-Crab Council and a founding member of the Indonesia and
Philippines crab meat processors associations. Mr. Keeler received his BS in Economics from Rutgers University in 1995 and attended Harvard
Business School executive programs in supply chain management, negotiations and marketing in 2005. Mr. Keeler s extensive experience
in the industry led to the decision to appoint him to the board of directors. 

Nubar
Herian has served as a director since November 8, 2018. Since 2014, Mr. Herian has been the chief executive officer of Monaco
Group Holdings, a privately-held company headquartered in Miami, Florida, which owns and operates Monaco Foods, Inc., an importer, exporter
and distributor of premium gourmet foods from around the world. Since 1995, Mr. Herian has been the commercial director of Casa de Fruta
Caracas, a privately-held company based in Caracas, Venezuela, that focuses on importing foods. Mr. Herian is also the president of Lunar
Enterprises, Corp. Lunar ), a holding company for his family s public and private equity investments and real estate
holdings. Mr. Herian received his BS in Mechanical Engineering from Florida Atlantic University in 1994 and an Executive M.B.A. from
the University of Miami in 2014. Mr. Herian s experience in the food import industry led to the decision to appoint him to the
board of directors. 

47 

Jeffrey
J. Guzy has served as a director since April 12, 2021. Mr. Guzy served as a director of Leatt Corp. (OTC: LEAT), since April
2007 and from October 2007 to August 2010, as its President. Mr. Guzy has served as an independent director and chairman of the audit
committee of Capstone Companies, Inc. (OTC: CAPC), a public holding company, since April 2007, as an independent director and chairman
of the audit committee of Purebase Corporation (OTC: PUBC), a diversified resource company, since April 2020 and as Chairman of CoJax
Oil and Gas Corporation, an early stage oil and gas exploration and production company, since May 2018, and was appointed as its chief
executive officer in January 2020. Mr. Guzy has served as an executive manager or consultant for business development, sales, customer
service, and management in the telecommunications industry, specifically, with IBM Corp., Sprint International, Bell Atlantic Video Services,
Loral CyberStar, and FaciliCom International. Mr. Guzy has also started his own telecommunications company providing Internet services
in Western Africa. Mr. Guzy has an MBA in Strategic Planning and Management from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania,
an M.S. in Systems Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania, a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Penn State University, and
a Certificate in Theology from Georgetown University. Mr. Guzy s extensive public company board experience led to the decision
to appoint him to the board of directors. 

Timothy
McLellan has served as a director since April 12, 2021. Mr. McLellan has more than 35 years of operating experience and has served
as a seafood executive in both the U.S. and Asia. Mr. McLellan has been managing director of Maijialin Consulting Company Ltd. which
provides international business development consulting services for import/export cold chain supply logistics and foodservice distribution,
since April 2012. From April 2009 until February 2019, Mr. McLellan was managing director, business development for Preferred Freezer
Services (Shanghai) Co. Ltd, a Hong-Kong-based logistics and industrial infrastructure provider. Between 2019 and 2020, Mr. McLellan
served as a private equity operating partner for CITIC Capital Partners (Shanghai) Ltd. Prior to that, from 2009 through 2019, Mr. McLellan
served in various executive capacities, including Chairman for SinotransPFS Cold Chain Logistics Company, Ltd., a logistics company.
Between 2004 and 2009, Mr. McLellan served as President of Empress International, a division of Thai Union Group. Between 2003 and 2004,
he served in a senior manager position with the seafood division of ConAgra Foods. Mr. McLellan s knowledge and background in seafood
operations management led to the decision to appoint him to the Board. 

Trond
Ringstad has served as a director since April 12, 2021 and has more than 20 years of operating experience as a seafood executive
in both the U.S. and Europe. Since April 2017, Mr. Ringstad has been managing partner of American Sea, LLC, a seafood processing and
sales company, and since October 2013, Mr. Ringstad has been an independent consultant for AGR Partners. Between 2003 and 2007, he served
as president of Pacific Supreme Seafoods, a global importing and wholesaling seafood company. Between 2001 and 2003, he served as vice
president of sales and marketing for Royal Supreme Seafoods, a Norwegian / Chinese seafood importer and sales company. Mr. Ringstad graduated
from the BI Norwegian Business School with a Degree in International Marketing and has a BA in Business Management from Washington State
University. Mr. Ringstad s knowledge and background with regard to seafood operations management led to the decision to appoint
him to the board of directors. 

Silvia
Alana has served as a director since April 20, 2022 and has been chief financial officer of the Company since May 2021. Ms. Alana
was the corporate controller of the Company from August 2020 to May 2021. Prior thereto, Ms. Alana was Global Technical Accounting Manager
at Brightstar Corporation from April 2018 to July 2020 and Audit Manager at Crowe Horwath, LLP from July 2016 to April 2018. Ms. Alana
was a Senior Accountant in Global Accounting and Reporting Services at Carnival Corporation Plc., from May 2013 to February 2015,
and an Auditor in Assurance at Pricewaterhouse Coopers, LLP, from January 2010 to May 2013. Ms. Alana graduated from Florida International
University with a Bachelor degree in Accounting in 2008 and a Master of Accounting in 2009. Ms. Alana is a Certified Public Accountant. 

Juan
Carlos Dalto has served as a director since April 20, 2022. Mr. Dalto has served as a director of Lifeway Foods Corp. (OTC: LWAY),
since August 2022. Mr. Dalto has been the president of Dole Sunshine Company-Dole Packaged Foods, LLC, since January 2021, where he leads
business development for North and Latin America of the Dole packaged fruits business, From March 2017 to December 2020, Mr. Dalto was
regional chief executive officer of Savencia Fromage Dairy Latin America where he led business development in the production, imports,
distribution and marketing of dairy products. Prior thereto, among other positions, Mr. Dalto held various international executive positions
with Danone, a world leading food company. Mr. Dalto has an industrial engineer degree from the Instituto Tecnol gico de Buenos
Aires ITBA (Argentina), with post-graduate executive studies on strategic marketing from Adam Smith Open University (Buenos Aires,
Argentina) and the University of Michigan, and on leadership from the London Business School. Mr. Dalto s extensive knowledge and
experience in the food industry, sustainability and business development, led to his appointment as a director. 

48 

Miozotis
Ponce has served as Chief Operating Officer since April 19, 2022. From May 2012, Ms. Ponce was
the Company s Vice President of Operations, where she has led sales and marketing and operations. Prior thereto, from June 2005,
Ms. Ponce served as Operations Manager. Ms. Ponce joined the Company in June 2004 as Customer Service Director and has over 25 years
of experience in the food industry. Ms. Ponce holds an AA degree in Business from Miami Dade Community College. 

Committees 

We
have established three committees under the board of directors: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate
governance committee. We have adopted a charter for each of the three committees. Each committee s members and functions are described
below. 

Audit
Committee. Our audit committee consists of Jeffrey Guzy, Trond Ringstad and Timothy McLellan. Mr. Guzy is the chairman of the
audit committee. We have determined that Messrs. Guzy, Ringstad and McLellan each satisfy the independence requirements
of NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) and meets the independence standards under Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. We have determined that
Mr. Guzy qualifies as an audit committee financial expert. The audit committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting
processes and the audits of the financial statements of our company. The audit committee is responsible for: (a) representing and assisting
the Board in its oversight responsibilities regarding the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes, the audits of
the Company s financial statements, including the integrity of the financial statements, and the independent auditors qualifications
and independence; (b) overseeing the preparation of the report required by SEC rules for inclusion in the Company s annual proxy
statement; (c) retaining and terminating the Company s independent auditors; (d) approving in advance all audit and permissible
non-audit services to be performed by the independent auditors; (e) reviewing related person transactions.(d) approving in advance all
audit and permissible non-audit services to be performed by the independent auditors; and (f) performing such other functions as the
Board may from time to time assign to the Committee. 

Compensation
Committee. Our compensation committee consists of Jeffrey Guzy, Trond Ringstad and Timothy McLellan. Mr. Guzy is the chairman
of our compensation committee. We have determined that Messrs. Guzy, Ringstad and McLellan each are independent, as such
term is defined for directors and compensation committee members in the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. Additionally,
each qualify as non-employee directors for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and as outside
directors for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. The Committee has been established to: (a) assist the Board
in seeing that a proper system of long-term and short-term compensation is in place to provide performance oriented incentives to attract
and retain management, and that compensation plans are appropriate and competitive and properly reflect the objectives and performance
of management and the Company; (b) assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities relating to compensation of the Company s
executive officers; (c) evaluate the Company s Chief Executive Officer and set his or her remuneration package; (d) make recommendations
to the Board with respect to incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans; and (e) perform such other functions as the Board may
from time to time assign to the Committee. The Compensation Committee has adopted a formal written charter which is available on the
Company s Internet website at www.bluestarfoods.com. 

In
determining the amount, form, and terms of such compensation, the Compensation Committee will consider the annual performance of such
officers in light of company goals and objectives relevant to executive officer compensation, competitive market data pertaining to executive
officer compensation at comparable companies, and such other factors as it deems relevant, and is guided by, and seeks to promote, the
best interests of the Company and its shareholders. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. Our nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Jeffrey Guzy, Trond Ringstad
and Timothy McLellan. Mr. Guzy is the chairman of our nominating and corporate governance. We have determined that each of Messrs. Guzy,
Ringstad and McLellan qualify as independent as that term is defined by NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). The Committee is
responsible for: (a) assisting the Board in determining the desired experience, mix of skills and other qualities to provide for appropriate
Board composition, taking into account the current Board members and the specific needs of the Company and the Board; (b) identifying
qualified individuals meeting those criteria to serve on the Board; (c) proposing to the Board the Company s slate of director
nominees for election by the shareholders at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders and nominees to fill vacancies and newly created directorships;
(d) reviewing candidates recommended by shareholders for election to the Board and shareholder proposals submitted for inclusion in the
Company s proxy materials; (e) advising the Board regarding the size and composition of the Board and its committees; (f) proposing
to the Board directors to serve as chairpersons and members on committees of the Board; (g) coordinating matters among committees of
the Board; (h) proposing to the Board the slate of corporate officers of the Company and reviewing the succession plans for the executive
officers; (i) recommending to the Board and monitoring matters with respect to governance of the Company; and (j) overseeing the Company s
compliance program; and performing such other functions as the Board may from time to time assign to the Committee. 

49 

Each
Committee has adopted a formal written charter which is available on the Company s Internet website at www.bluestarfoods.com. 

The
Nominating Committee will consider any director candidates recommended by stockholders, although there is no formal policy with regard
to directors recommended by stockholders, when considering a candidate submitted by stockholders, the Nominating Committee will take
into consideration the needs of the Board and the qualifications of the candidate. Nevertheless, the Board may choose not to consider
an unsolicited recommendation if no vacancy exists on the Board and/or the Board does not perceive a need to increase the size of the
Board. 

There
are no specific minimum qualifications that the Nominating Committee believes must be met by a Nominating Committee-recommended director
nominee. However, the Nominating Committee believes that director candidates should, among other things, possess high degrees of integrity
and honesty; have literacy in financial and business matters; have no material affiliations with direct competitors, suppliers or vendors
of the Company; and preferably have experience in the Company s business and other relevant business fields (for example, finance,
accounting, law and banking). The Nominating Committee considers diversity together with the other factors considered when evaluating
candidates but does not have a specific policy in place with respect to diversity. 

Members
of the Nominating Committee plan to meet in advance of each of the Company s annual meetings of stockholders to identify and evaluate
the skills and characteristics of each director candidate for nomination for election as a director of the Company. The Nominating Committee
reviews the candidates in accordance with the skills and qualifications set forth in the Nominating Committee s charter and the
rules of the NASDAQ. There are no differences in the manner in which the Nominating Committee plans to evaluate director nominees based
on whether or not the nominee is recommended by a stockholder. 

Role
of Board in Risk Oversight Process 

Risk
assessment and oversight are an integral part of our governance and management processes. Our board of directors encourages management
to promote a culture that incorporates risk management into our corporate strategy and day-to-day business operations. Management discusses
strategic and operational risks at regular management meetings and conducts strategic planning and review sessions during the year that
include a discussion and analysis of the risks facing us. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors currently consists of seven members. We were not subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange
that has requirements that a majority of the board of directors be independent. However, as a NASDAQ listed company, we
are required to comply with NASDAQ s corporate governance standards applicable to director independence upon listing. Rule 5605
therein requires companies listed on NASDAQ to maintain a majority independent board. In addition, the rules of the NASDAQ Capital Market
require that each member of a listed company s audit, compensation, and corporate governance and nominating committees be independent.
Our board of directors has determined that all of our directors except John Keeler, our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
and Silvia Alana, our Chief Executive Officer, are independent within the definition of independence provided in the rules
of NASDAQ Capital Market and the independence requirements contemplated by Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

50 

Board
Diversity 

The
Board is committed to diversity of experience, gender, race and ethnicity, and seek to ensure that there is diversity among the directors.
The Company believes that its directors should be of a diverse group of individuals who have broad experience and the ability to exercise
sound business judgment from many factors including professional experience, life experience, socio-economic background, gender, race,
ethnicity, religion, skill set and geographic representation. 

Family
Relationship 

There
are no family relationships between our directors or executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

There
are no legal proceedings that have occurred within the past ten years concerning our directors, or control persons which involved a criminal
conviction, a criminal proceeding, an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one s participation in the securities or banking
industries, or a finding of securities or commodities law violations. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than
10 percent of our equity securities Reporting Persons to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the
SEC. Based solely on our review of copies of such reports and representations from the Reporting Persons, we believe that during the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Reporting Persons timely filed all such reports, except that (i) Nubar Herian, a director, failed to
timely file Form 4s to report the sale of an aggregate of 7,616 shares of common stock in January 2022, the purchase of an aggregate
of 19,464 shares of common stock in February and March 2022, the purchase of 4,000 shares in October 2022, the purchase of an aggregate
of 3,165 shares in December 2022, and the acquisition of 62,500 shares in December 2022 for serving as a director; (ii) John Keeler,
our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, failed to timely file a Form 4 to report the sale of 566 shares of common stock,
and the acquisition of 62,500 shares in December 2022 for serving as a director; and (iii) Trond Ringstad, a director failed to timely
file Form 4s to report the purchase of an aggregate of 5,199 shares of common stock in October 2022 the acquisition of 100,000 shares
in December 2022 for serving as a director; (iv) Jeffrey Guzy, a director, failed to timely file a Form 4 to report the acquisition of
143,750 shares in December 2022 for serving as a director; (v) Timothy McLellan, a director, failed to timely file a Form 4 to report
the acquisition of 100,000 shares in December 2022 for serving as a director; (vi) Juan Carlos Dalto, a director, failed to timely file
a Form 4 to report the acquisition of 43,403 shares in December 2022 for serving as a director; (vii) Silvia Alana, our Chief Financial
Officer, failed to timely file a Form 4 to report the acquisition of 43,403 shares in December 2022 for serving as a director; and (viii)
Miozotis Ponce, our Chief Operating Officer, failed to timely report 500 shares on a Form 3. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our executive officers, directors and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics
as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2021. Our Code of
Ethics and the charters of the committees of our board of directors may be reviewed by accessing our public filings at the SEC s
web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

The
table below sets forth certain information about the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our Chief Executive Officer and our
other two most highly compensated executive officers whose total compensation exceeded 100,000 during 2022 (each, a Named Executive
Officer ). 

51 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary
 ) 
 Stock
 awards ) 
 Option
 awards )(1) 
 All
 other compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 John
 Keeler - 
 2022 
 79,409 
 25,000 (2) 
 50,000 (3) 
 38,543 (4) 
 192,952 
 
 Executive
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 2021 
 79,409 
 17,917 (5) 
 200,000 (6) 
 23,704 (4) 
 321,030 
 
 Silvia
 Alana - Chief Financial Officer and 
 2022 
 150,000 
 17,361 (7) 
 50,000 (3) 
 5,400 (8) 
 222,761 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 143,250 
 - 
 42,075 (9) 
 5,400 (8) 
 190,725 
 
 Miozotis
 Ponce - 
 2022 
 170,000 
 - 
 - 
 5,400 (8) 
 175,400 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 2021 
 147,581 
 - 
 - 
 5,400 (8) 
 152,981 

(1) 
 All option grants are calculated
 at the grant date fair value computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 

(2) 
 Represents 62,500 shares
 of common stock at 0.40 per share issued on December 31, 2022. 

(3) 
 Represents an option to
 purchase 25,000 shares of common stock at 2.00 per share granted on December 31, 2022. 

(4) 
 Represents
 health insurance premiums paid on behalf of Mr. Keeler by the Company. 

(5) 
 Represents 10,922 shares
 of common stock at 1.63 per share issued on December 31, 2021. 

(6) 
 Represents an option to
 purchase 100,000 shares of common stock at 2.00 per share granted on December 31, 2021. 

(7) 
 Represents 43,403 shares
 of common stock at 0.40 per share issued on December 31, 2022. 

(8) 
 Represents health insurance
 premiums paid by the Company. 

(9) 
 Represents an option to
 purchase 7,013 shares of common stock at 6.00 per share granted on August 3, 2021. 

We
offer a 401(k) plan to eligible employees, including our executive officer. In accordance with this plan, all eligible employees may
contribute a percentage of compensation up to a maximum of the statutory limits per year. We intend for the 401(k) plan to qualify, depending
on the employee s election, under Section 401(a) of the Code, so that contributions by employees, and income earned on those contributions,
are not taxable to employees until withdrawn from the 401(k) plan. 

Employment
Agreements 

We
do not currently have employment agreements with our executive officers, other than with Silvia Alana, our Chief Financial Officer. Ms.
Alana is party to a three-year employment agreement, dated August 3, 2020, with the Company for an annual base salary of 127,500, which
increased to 150,000 in August 2021. The agreement provides for the grant on the first anniversary of the agreement of a three-year
option to purchase that number of shares equal to 30 of Ms. Alana s then current salary at the market price of the Company s
common stock. The agreement also includes a non-competition provision for 12 months following employment with the Company. 

52 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

The
table below reflects all equity awards made to each Named Executive Officer that were outstanding on December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Grant Date 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option 
 Exercise Price ) 
 Option 
 Expiration Date 

John
 Keeler 
 4/20/22 
 25,000 (1) 
 - 
 2.00 
 4/20/27 

4/12/21 
 100,000 (2) 
 - 
 2.00 
 4/12/25 
 
 Silvia
 Alana 
 
 7,013 (3) 
 - 
 6.00 
 8/1/24 

4/20/22 
 25,000 (1) 
 - 
 2.00 
 4/20/27 
 
 Miozotis
 Ponce 
 1/15/19 
 100,000 (4) 
 150,000(4) 
 2.00 
 1/14/29 

(1) Shares
 subject to the option vest in equal quarterly installments of 1,250 for the term of the option. 
 
 (2) Shares
 subject to the option vested in equal installments during the first year of the grant. 
 
 (3) Shares
 subject to the option vest in equal monthly installments of 194 for the term of the option. 
 
 (4) Shares
 subject to the option vest as to 50,000 shares on each of January 15, 2020, January 15, 2021,
 January 15, 2022, January 15, 2023 and January 15, 2024. 

2018
Equity Incentive Award Plan 

In
connection with the Merger, we adopted the 2018 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the 2018 Plan ), which was effective immediately
prior to the consummation of the Merger. The principal purpose of the 2018 Plan is to attract, retain and motivate selected employees,
consultants and non-employee directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards and cash-based performance bonus awards. 

Under
the 2018 Plan, we are authorized to issue incentive stock options intended to qualify under Section 422 of the Code and non-qualified
stock options. The 2018 Plan is administered by our board of directors. In connection with the Merger, we issued options to purchase
an aggregate of 6,240,000 million shares of common stock to certain executive officers and directors (3,120,000 of which were subsequently
forfeited unexercised). 

Share
Reserve . 7,500,000 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan pursuant to a variety of stock-based compensation
awards, including stock options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards,
deferred stock awards, dividend equivalent awards, stock payment awards, performance awards and other stock-based awards. 

to the extent that an award terminates, expires or lapses for any reason or an award is settled in cash without the delivery of shares,
any shares subject to the award at such time will be available for future grants under the 2018 Plan; 

to the extent shares are tendered or withheld to satisfy the grant, exercise price or tax withholding obligation with respect to any
award under the 2018 Plan, such tendered or withheld shares will be available for future grants under the 2018 Plan; 

to the extent that shares of common stock are repurchased by us prior to vesting so that shares are returned to us, such shares will
be available for future grants under the 2018 Plan; 

the payment of dividend equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding awards will not be counted against the shares available
for issuance under the 2018 Plan; and 

to the extent permitted by applicable law or any exchange rule, shares issued in assumption of, or in substitution for, any outstanding
awards of any entity acquired in any form of combination by us or any of our subsidiaries will not be counted against the shares available
for issuance under the 2018 Plan. 

Administration.
 The compensation committee is expected to administer the 2018 Plan unless our board of directors assumes authority for administration.
The compensation committee must consist of at least three members of our board of directors, each of whom is intended to qualify as an
 outside director, within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, a non-employee director for purposes
of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and an independent director within the meaning of the NASDAQ rules. The 2018 Plan
provides that the board of directors or compensation committee may delegate its authority to grant awards to employees other than executive
officers to a committee consisting of one or more members of our board of directors or one or more of our officers, other than awards
made to our non-employee directors, which must be approved by our full board of directors. 

53 

Subject
to the terms and conditions of the 2018 Plan, the administrator has the authority to select the persons to whom awards are to be made,
to determine the number of shares to be subject to awards and the terms and conditions of awards, and to make all other determinations
and to take all other actions necessary or advisable for the administration of the 2018 Plan. The administrator is also authorized to
adopt, amend or rescind rules relating to administration of the 2018 Plan. Our board of directors may at any time remove the compensation
committee as the administrator and revest in itself the authority to administer the 2018 Plan. The full board of directors will administer
the 2018 Plan with respect to awards to non-employee directors. 

Eligibility.
 Options, SARs, restricted stock and all other stock-based and cash-based awards under the 2018 Plan may be granted to individuals
who are then our officers, employees or consultants or are the officers, employees or consultants of subsidiaries. Such awards also may
be granted to our directors. Only employees of the Company or certain subsidiaries may be granted ISOs. 

Awards.
 The 2018 Plan provides that the administrator may grant or issue stock options, SARs, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit
awards, deferred stock awards, deferred stock unit awards, dividend equivalent awards, performance awards, stock payment awards and other
stock-based and cash-based awards, or any combination thereof. Each award will be set forth in a separate agreement with the person receiving
the award and will indicate the type, terms and conditions of the award. 

Nonstatutory
Stock Options NSOs ). NSOs will provide for the right to purchase shares of common stock at a specified price that
may not be less than the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant, and usually will become exercisable (at the
discretion of the administrator) in one or more installments after the grant date, subject to the participant s continued employment
or service with us and/or subject to the satisfaction of corporate performance targets and individual performance targets established
by the administrator. NSOs may be granted for any term specified by the administrator that does not exceed 10 years. 

Incentive
Stock Options ISOs ). ISOs will be designed in a manner intended to comply with the provisions of Section 422 of the
Code and will be subject to specified restrictions contained in the Code. Among such restrictions, ISOs must have an exercise price of
not less than the fair market value of a share of our Common Stock on the date of grant, may only be granted to employees, and must not
be exercisable after a period of 10 years measured from the date of grant. In the case of an ISO granted to an individual who owns (or
is deemed to own) at least 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of our capital stock, the 2018 Plan provides that the
exercise price must be at least 110 of the fair market value of a share of our Common Stock on the date of grant and the ISO must not
be exercisable after a period of five years measured from the date of grant. 

Restricted
Stock Awards. Restricted stock awards may be granted to any eligible individual and made subject to such restrictions as may be determined
by the administrator. Restricted stock, typically, may be forfeited for no consideration or repurchased by us at the original purchase
price if the conditions or restrictions on vesting are not met. In general, restricted stock may not be sold or otherwise transferred
until restrictions are removed or expire. Purchasers of restricted stock, unlike recipients of options, will have voting rights and will
have the right to receive dividends, if any, prior to the time when the restrictions lapse; however, extraordinary dividends will generally
be placed in escrow, and will not be released until restrictions are removed or expire. 

Restricted
Stock Unit Awards RSU ). Restricted stock units may be awarded to any eligible individual, typically without payment
of consideration, but subject to vesting conditions based on continued employment or service or on performance criteria established by
the administrator. Like restricted stock, restricted stock units may not be sold, or otherwise transferred or hypothecated, until vesting
conditions are removed or expire. Unlike restricted stock, stock underlying restricted stock units will not be issued until the restricted
stock units have vested, and recipients of restricted stock units generally will have no voting or dividend rights prior to the time
when vesting conditions are satisfied. 

54 

Deferred
Stock Awards. Deferred stock awards represent the right to receive shares of common stock on a future date. Deferred stock may not
be sold or otherwise hypothecated or transferred until issued. Deferred stock will not be issued until the deferred stock award has vested,
and recipients of deferred stock generally will have no voting or dividend rights prior to the time when the vesting conditions are satisfied
and the shares are issued. Deferred stock awards generally will be forfeited, and the underlying shares of deferred stock will not be
issued, if the applicable vesting conditions and other restrictions are not met. 

Deferred
Stock Units. Deferred stock units are denominated in unit equivalent of shares of common stock and vest pursuant to a vesting schedule
or performance criteria set by the administrator. The common stock underlying deferred stock units will not be issued until the deferred
stock units have vested, and recipients of deferred stock units generally will have no voting rights prior to the time when vesting conditions
are satisfied. 

Stock
Appreciation Rights SARs ). SARs may be granted in connection with stock options or other awards, or separately. SARs
granted in connection with stock options or other awards typically will provide for payments to the holder based upon increases in the
price of our Common Stock over a set exercise price. The exercise price of any SAR granted under the 2018 Plan must be at least 100 
of the fair market value of a share of our Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as required by Section 162(m) of the Code with respect
to a SAR intended to qualify as performance-based compensation as described in Section 162(m) of the Code, there are no restrictions
specified in the 2018 Plan on the exercise of SARs or the amount of gain realizable therefrom, although restrictions may be imposed by
the administrator in the SAR agreements. SARs under the 2018 Plan will be settled in cash or shares of common stock, or in a combination
of both, at the election of the administrator. 

Dividend
Equivalent Awards. Dividend equivalent awards represent the value of the dividends, if any, per share paid by us, calculated with
reference to the number of shares covered by the award. Dividend equivalents may be settled in cash or shares and at such times as determined
by our compensation committee or board of directors, as applicable. 

Performance
Awards. Performance awards may be granted by the administrator on an individual or group basis. Generally, these awards will be based
upon specific performance targets and may be paid in cash or in common stock or in a combination of both. Performance awards may include
 phantom stock awards that provide for payments based upon the value of our Common Stock. Performance awards may also include
bonuses that may be granted by the administrator on an individual or group basis and that may be payable in cash or in common stock or
in a combination of both. 

Stock
Payment Awards. Stock payment awards may be authorized by the administrator in the form of common stock or an option or other right
to purchase common stock as part of a deferred compensation or other arrangement in lieu of all or any part of compensation, including
bonuses, that would otherwise be payable in cash to the employee, consultant or non-employee director. 

Change
in Control . In the event of a change in control where the acquirer does not assume or replace awards granted prior to the consummation
of such transaction, awards issued under the 2018 Plan will be subject to accelerated vesting such that 100 of such awards will become
vested and exercisable or payable, as applicable. Performance awards will vest in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable
award agreement. In the event that, within the 12 month period immediately following a change in control, a participant s services
with us are terminated by us other than for cause (as defined in the 2018 Plan) or by such participant for good reason (as defined in
the 2018 Plan), then the vesting and, if applicable, exercisability of 100 of the then-unvested shares subject to the outstanding equity
awards held by such participant under the 2018 Plan will accelerate effective as of the date of such termination. The administrator may
also make appropriate adjustments to awards under the 2018 Plan and is authorized to provide for the acceleration, cash-out, termination,
assumption, substitution or conversion of such awards in the event of a change in control or certain other unusual or nonrecurring events
or transactions. Under the 2018 Plan, a change in control is generally defined as: 

the transfer or exchange in a single transaction or series of related transactions by our stockholders of more than 50 of our voting
stock to a person or group; 

a change in the composition of our board of directors over a two-year period such that the members of the board of directors who were
approved by at least two-thirds of the directors who were directors at the beginning of the two-year period or whose election or nomination
was so approved cease to constitute a majority of the board of directors; 

55 

a merger, consolidation, reorganization or business combination in which we are involved, directly or indirectly, other than a merger,
consolidation, reorganization or business combination that results in our outstanding voting securities immediately before the transaction
continuing to represent a majority of the voting power of the acquiring company s outstanding voting securities and after which
no person or group beneficially owns 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving entity immediately after the transaction;
or 

stockholder approval of our liquidation or dissolution. 

Adjustments
of Awards . In the event of any stock dividend, stock split, spin-off, recapitalization, distribution of our assets to stockholders
(other than normal cash dividends) or any other corporate event affecting the number of outstanding shares of our Common Stock or the
share price of our Common Stock other than an equity restructuring (as defined below), the administrator may make appropriate,
proportionate adjustments to reflect the event giving rise to the need for such adjustments, with respect to: 

the aggregate number and type of shares subject to the 2018 Plan; 

the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding awards and terms and conditions of outstanding awards (including, without limitation,
any applicable performance targets or criteria with respect to such awards); and 

the grant or exercise price per share of any outstanding awards under the 2018 Plan. 

In
the event of one of the adjustments described above or other corporate transactions, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the
potential benefits intended to be made available under the 2018 Plan, the administrator has the discretion to make such equitable adjustments
and may also: 

provide for the termination or replacement of an award in exchange for cash or other property; 

provide that any outstanding award cannot vest, be exercised or become payable after such event; 

provide that awards may be exercisable, payable or fully vested as to shares of common stock covered thereby; or 

provide that an award under the 2018 Plan cannot vest, be exercised or become payable after such event. 

In
the event of an equity restructuring, the administrator will make appropriate, proportionate adjustments to the number and type of securities
subject to each outstanding award and the exercise price or grant price thereof, if applicable. In addition, the administrator will make
equitable adjustments, as the administrator in its discretion may deem appropriate to reflect such equity restructuring, with respect
to the aggregate number and type of shares subject to the 2018 Plan. The adjustments upon an equity restructuring are nondiscretionary
and will be final and binding on the affected holders and the Company. 

For
purposes of the 2018 Plan, equity restructuring means a nonreciprocal transaction between us and our stockholders, such
as a stock dividend, stock split, spin-off, rights offering or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, that affects
the number or kind of shares (or other securities) or the share price of our Common Stock (or other securities) and causes a change in
the per share value of the common stock underlying outstanding stock-based awards granted under the 2018 Plan. In the event of a stock
split in connection with an offering, the administrator will proportionately adjust (i) the number of shares subject to any outstanding
award under the 2018 Plan, (ii) the exercise or grant price of any such awards, if applicable, and (iii) the aggregate number of shares
subject to the 2018 Plan. 

56 

Amendment
and Termination . Our board of directors or the compensation committee (with board approval) may terminate, amend or modify the 2018
Plan at any time and from time to time. However, we must generally obtain stockholder approval: 

to increase the number of shares available under the 2018 Plan (other than in connection with certain corporate events, as described
above); 

reduce the price per share of any outstanding option or SAR granted under the 2018 Plan; 

cancel any option or SAR in exchange for cash or another award when the option or SAR price per share exceeds the fair market value of
the underlying shares; or 

to the extent required by applicable law, rule or regulation (including any NASDAQ rule). 

Termination.
 Our board of directors may terminate the 2018 Plan at any time. No ISOs may be granted pursuant to the 2018 Plan after the 10th anniversary
of the effective date of the 2018 Plan, and no additional annual share increases to the 2018 Plan s aggregate share limit will
occur from and after such anniversary. Any award that is outstanding on the termination date of the 2018 Plan will remain in force according
to the terms of the 2018 Plan and the applicable award agreement. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning compensation earned by the Company s non-employee directors for services
rendered as a director during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Director
Compensation Table 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards(1) 
 Option Awards(1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 

Nubar Herian 
 - 
 25,000 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 75,000 
 
 Jeffrey Guzy 
 - 
 57,500 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 107,500 
 
 Timothy McLellan 
 - 
 40,000 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 90,000 
 
 Trond Ringstad 
 - 
 40,000 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 90,000 
 
 Juan Carlos Dalto (2) 
 - 
 17,361 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 67,361 

(1)
The aggregate grant date fair value is computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 

 (2)
Joined the Board as of April 20, 2022. 

Director
Compensation 

Director
Service Agreements 

On
March 25, 2021, the Company entered into one-year director service agreements with each of Messrs. Guzy, McLellan, Ringstad, Herian and
Keeler, the then current directors. In consideration for their services, each director was issued 25,000 of shares of common stock for
each year of service based upon the closing sale price of the common stock, on the principal market on which it is then traded, on the
final trading day of the calendar year. On April 12, 2021, the Company granted each director an option to purchase 100,000 shares of
common stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per share, which option vests in equal monthly installments over the course of the year and
expires three years from the date the option is fully vested. 

57 

On
April 20, 2022, the Company entered into new one-year director service agreements (which replaced the agreements entered into in March
2021) with each of the current members of the Board. The agreement will automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless either
party notifies the other of its desire not to renew the agreement at least 30 days prior to the end of the then current term, or unless
earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of the agreement. As compensation for serving on the Board, each director will be entitled
to a 25,000 annual stock grant and for serving on a committee of the Board, an additional 5,000 annual stock grant, both based upon
the closing sales price of the common stock on the last trading day of the calendar year. The director who serves as chairman of the
Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee will be entitled to an additional 15,000, 10,000 and
 7,500 annual stock grant, respectively. As additional consideration for such Board service, on April 20, 2022, each director was granted
a five-year option to purchase 25,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per share, which shares vest in equal quarterly
installments of 1,250 shares during the term of the option. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The
following table sets forth, as of April 14, 2023, the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person, entity
or group (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) known to the Company to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5 of its outstanding shares of common stock; (ii) each of the Company s directors (iii) each Named Executive
Officer and (iv) all of the Company s executive officers and directors as a group. The information relating to beneficial ownership
of Common Stock by our principal stockholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial
ownership concepts under the rules of the SEC. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if
that person directly or indirectly has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security,
or investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. The person is also deemed to be a
beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the SEC rules,
more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner
of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary interest. Unless otherwise indicated below, each person has sole voting
and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned and each stockholder s address is c/o Blue Star Foods Corp.,
3000 NW 109th Avenue, Miami, Florida 33172. 

The
percentages below are calculated based on 43,824,177 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of April 14, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 5 or Greater Stockholder 

Christopher Constable 
 3,145,000 (1) 
 6.7 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors 

John Keeler 
 15,107,134 (2) 
 34.4 
 
 Nubar Herian 
 205,838 (3) 

Jeffrey Guzy 
 292,992 (4) 

Timothy McLellan 
 218,440 (5) 

Trond Ringstad 
 223,639 (5) 

Silvia Alana 
 49,951 (6) 

Juan Carlos Dalto 
 80,386 (7) 

Miozotis Ponce 
 163,000 (8) 

All current directors and executive officers as a group (8 persons) 
 16,341,380 
 36.8 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 Includes
 (i)12,500 shares underlying a warrant and (ii) 3,120,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of a stock option. 
 
 (2) 
 15,003,801
 of such shares are held with Mr. Keeler s wife as tenants in the entirety and are subject to the terms of a lock-up agreement
 pursuant to which Mr. Keeler may not sell more than one-third of the common stock held by him in any two-month period. Includes 103,333
 shares underlying a stock option which are exercisable within 60 days. 

58 

(3) 
 Includes
 103,333 shares underlying stock options which are exercisable within 60 days. 
 
 (4) 
 Includes
 (i)12,500 shares underlying a warrant and (ii) 103,333 shares underlying stock options exercisable within 60 days. 
 
 (5) 
 Includes
 103,333 shares underlying stock options which are exercisable within 60 days. 
 
 (6) 
 Includes
 6,548 shares underlying stock options which are exercisable within 60 days. 
 
 (7) 
 Includes
 3,333 shares underlying a stock option which are exercisable within 60 days. 

(8) 
 Includes
 162,500 shares underlying a stock option which is exercisable in 60 days. 

Change-in-Control
Agreements 

The
Company does not have any change-in-control agreements with any of its executive officers. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
following is a description of transactions since January 1, 2021 to which we have been a party, in which the amount involved exceeded
or will exceed 120,000, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or an
affiliate or immediate family member thereof, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

From
January 2006 through May 2017, Keeler Co issued an aggregate of 2,910,000, 6 demand promissory notes to John Keeler, our Chief
Executive Officer, Executive Chairman and a director. We may prepay the notes at any time first against interest due thereunder. If an
event of default occurs under the notes, interest will accrue at 18 per annum and if not paid within 10 days of payment becoming due,
the holder of the note is entitled to a late fee of 5 of the amount of payment not timely received. On December 30, 2020, we entered
into a debt repayment agreement with Mr. Keeler pursuant to which we issued 796,650 shares of common stock to a third party designated
by Mr. Keeler as repayment for an aggregate principal amount of 1,593,300 due under four such notes. All interest due on the notes had
previously been paid on a monthly basis. As of December 31, 2022, the Company remains indebted to Mr. Keeler under the remaining promissory
notes in the aggregate principal amount of 893,000. 

John
Keeler, our Chief Executive Officer, Executive Chairman and director owns 95 of Bacolod, an exporter of pasteurized crab meat from the
Philippines. 

John
Keeler, our Chief Executive Officer, Executive Chairman and director, owns 95 of Bicol, a Philippine company, and an indirect supplier
of crab meat via Bacolod to the Company. 

The
Company s transactions with Bacolod were 0 and 1,280,589 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There
were no transactions between the Company and Bicol for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

John
Keeler, our Chief Executive Officer, Executive Chairman and director, and Christopher Constable, our former Chief Financial Officer and
director, own 80 and 20 , respectively, of Strike the Gold Foods, Ltd., a UK company, which sold the Company s packaged crab meat
in the United Kingdom in 2019. 

Keeler
 Co leased approximately 16,800 square feet of office/warehouse space for our executive offices and distribution facility for 16,916
per month from John Keeler Real Estate Inc., a Florida corporation, 33 owned by a trust for each of John Keeler III, Andrea Keeler and
Sarah Keeler, each of whom is a child of John Keeler, our Chief Executive Officer. On December 31, 2020, this facility was sold to an
unrelated third-party purchaser and the lease was terminated. In connection with the sale, the Company retained approximately 4,756 square
feet of such space, rent-free, for 12 months. 

From
time to time, we may prepay Bacolod for future shipments of product which may represent five to six months of purchases. There was 1,299,984
due as of December 31, 2022 for future shipments from Bacolod. 

59 

John
Keeler, our Executive Chairman, was a party to an Unconditional and Continuing Guaranty, dated August 31, 2016, with ACF, pursuant to
which Mr. Keeler guaranteed the Company s obligations under its Loan and Security Agreement with ACF. On March 31, 2021, John Keeler,
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, provided a personal guaranty of up to 1,000,000 to Lighthouse in connection with its
revolving credit facility. 

John
Keeler, pledged 5,000,000 shares of common stock to secure the Company s obligations under the 1,000,000 Kenar Note issued on
March 26, 2019. On May 21, 2020, the Kenar Note was amended to, among other things, reduce the number of pledged shares by Mr. Keeler
to 4,000,000. The Kenar Note was paid off and the pledged shares released as of July 6, 2021. Marcos
Herian, President of Kenar, a former 5 stockholder, is the brother of Nubar Herian, a director of our Company. 

On
March 31, 2021, we issued 136 shares of common stock to a company owned by the stepmother of John Keeler, our Executive Chairman, as
a quarterly dividend on the Series A Stock acquired by such company in connection with the Company Settlement. On
June 30, 2021, all Series A Stock held by such company were converted into 8,000 shares of common stock. On November 2, 2021 and November
3, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 4,000 shares of common stock to a company owned by the stepmother of John Keeler upon the exercise
of warrants for total proceeds of 9,600. 

On
March 31, 2021, we issued 5,085 shares of common stock to Lunar, as a quarterly dividend on the Series A Stock acquired by Lunar in the
Offering. Nubar Herian, a director, is the President of Lunar. On June 30, 2021, all 600 shares
of such Series A Stock were converted into 300,000 shares of common stock. On November 5, 2021, a total of 150,000 shares were issued
 upon the exercise of warrants for total proceeds of 360,000. 

On
February 25, 2020, Christopher Constable, the Company s former Chief Financial Officer entered into a Separation and Mutual Release
Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Constable resigned as Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a director of the Company. The
Agreement contained mutual general releases, a two-year confidentiality provision and provides for Mr. Constable s outstanding
stock options to remain in effect until November 8, 2028. 

On
March 25, 2021, the Company entered into one-year director service agreements with each of Messrs. Guzy, McLellan, Ringstad, Herian and
Keeler, the then current directors. In consideration for their services, each director was issued 25,000 of shares of Common Stock for
each year s service based upon the closing sale price of the Common Stock, on the principal market on which it is then traded,
on the final trading day of the calendar year. On April 12, 2021, the Company granted each director an option to purchase 100,000 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per share, which option vests in equal monthly installments over the course of the year
and expires three years from the date they are fully vested. Pursuant to the terms of the director service agreement, on December 31,
2021, the Company issued 10,992 shares of common stock to Nubar Herian, 15,107 shares of common stock to Timothy McLellan, 10,992 shares
of common stock to John Keeler, 15,107 shares of common stock to Trond Ringstad, and 19,909 shares of common stock to Jeffrey Guzy for
serving as a director of the Company. 

On
April 20, 2022, the Company entered into new one-year director service agreements (which replaced the agreements entered into in March
2021) with each of the current members of the Board. The agreement will automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless either
party notifies the other of its desire not to renew the agreement at least 30 days prior to the end of the then current term, or unless
earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of the agreement. As compensation for serving on the Board, each director will be entitled
to a 25,000 annual stock grant and for serving on a committee of the Board, an additional 5,000 annual stock grant, both based upon
the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the last trading day of the calendar year. Each director who serves as chairman of the
Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee will be entitled to an additional 15,000, 10,000 and
 7,500 annual stock grant, respectively. As additional consideration for such Board service, each director was granted a five-year option
to purchase 25,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per share, which shares vest in equal quarterly
installments of 1,250 shares during the term of the option. 

On
June 30, 2021, MO7 Boats LLC, invested 275,000 in a private offering and was issued 137,500 shares of common stock and a warrant to
purchase 137,500 shares of common stock. Marcos Herian, managing member and President of MO7 Boats LLC, is the brother of Nubar Herian,
a director of our Company. 

60 

On
June 30, 2021, Promarine Boats LLC, invested 250,000 in a private offering and was issued 125,000 shares of common stock and a warrant
to purchase 137,500 shares of common stock. Marcos Herian, managing member of Promarine Boats LLC, is the brother of Nubar Herian, a
director of our Company. 

On
June 30, 2021, R N Ocean Inc., invested 250,000 in a private offering and was issued 125,000 shares of common stock and a warrant
to purchase 137,500 shares of common stock. Marcos Herian, President of Kenar, a former 10 stockholder, is the brother of Nubar Herian,
a director of our Company. 

On
August 3, 2021, the Company issued a stock option to purchase an aggregate of 7,013 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 6.00
per share to Silvia Alana, its chief financial officer. 

On
February 14, 2023, each of the Company s executive officers and directors entered into the Aegis Lock-Up. 

In
connection with a settlement agreement between Nubar Herian, a director, and certain stockholders of the Company, on November 23, 2023,
Mr. Herian, paid 43,446 to the Company in full satisfaction of any stockholder claims. 

Director
Independence 

We
are not currently subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system that has requirements
that a majority of the board of directors be independent. Our board of directors currently has seven members, Jeffrey J.
Guzy, Timothy McLellan, Trond Ringstad, John Keeler, Nubar Herian, Silvia Alana and Juan Carlos Dalto. We believe that all of our directors
except Mr. Keeler who serves as our Executive Chairman, and Silvia Alana who serves as our Chief Executive Officer, are independent 
within the definition of independence provided in the Marketplace Rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market and the independence requirements
contemplated by Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed to us by our principal accountants, MaloneBailey, LLP, for professional services rendered for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 are set forth below: 

Fee Category 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 

Audit fees (1) 
 170,500 
 148,000 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 
 48,715 
 41,000 
 
 Tax fees (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total fees 
 219,215 
 189,000 

(1)
 
 Audit
 fees consist of fees incurred for professional services rendered for the audit of financial statements, for reviews of our interim
 consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and for services that are normally provided in connection
 with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements. 

(2)
 
 Audit-related
 fees consist of fees billed for professional services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our
 financial statements but are not reported under Audit fees. 

61 

(3)
 
 Tax
 fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning, and tax advice. 

(4)
 
 All
 other fees consist of fees billed for services not associated with audit or tax. 

Audit
Committee s Pre-Approval Practice 

Prior
to our engagement of our independent auditor, such engagement was approved by our board of directors. The services provided under this
engagement may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for
up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific
budget. Pursuant our requirements, the independent auditors and management are required to report to our board of directors at least
quarterly regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditors in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for
the services performed to date. Our board of directors may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. All audit-related
fees, tax fees and other fees incurred by us were approved by our board of directors. 

Pre-Approval
of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services 

The
Company s Audit Committee approves our audit and non-audit services. The auditors engaged for these services are required to provide
and uphold estimates for the cost of services to be rendered. The percentage of hours expended on Malone Bailey s engagement to
audit our financial statements for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal
accountant s full-time, permanent employees was 0 . 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated November 2, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021) 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 8, 2018, by and among the Company, Blue Star, Acquisition Sub and John Keeler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 14, 2018) 

2.2 
 
 Articles of Merger between Blue Star and Acquisition Sub (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 14, 2018) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Form 10/A filed with the SEC on May 17, 2018) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Form 10/A filed with the SEC on May 17, 2018) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, dated November 5, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9, 2018) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of 8 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9, 2018) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Promissory Note with TOBC (incorporated by reference to 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2021) 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021) 

62 

4.3 
 
 Form of Underwriters Warrant, issued November 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021) 

4.4 

5,750,000 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated January 24, 2022, issued to Lind Global Fund II LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022) 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant Agent Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023) 

10.1 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.2 
 
 Form of Amendment to Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Settlement Agreement and Mutual General Release (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.6 
 
 Forms of Lockup Agreement for Pre-Merger Stockholders and Officers and Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Redemption Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.8 
 
 2018 Incentive Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.9 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 8, 2018) 

10.10 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement filed with the SEC on August 31, 2016 between the Company and ACF (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 8, 2018) 

10.11 
 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement and Reservation of Rights, dated November 18, 2016, between the Company and ACF (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.12 
 
 Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated June 19, 2017, between the Company and ACF (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.13 
 
 Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated October 16, 2017, between the Company and ACF (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

63 

10.14 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated September 19, 2018, between the Company and ACF (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.15 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated November 8, 2018, between the Company and ACF (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.16 
 
 14,000,000 Revolving Credit Note, dated August 31, 2016 between the Company and ACF (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.17 
 
 Patent Security Agreement, dated August 31, 2016, between Blue Star and ACF FINCO LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.18 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated May 1, 2001, between Keeler Co. and John Keeler Real Estate Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.19 
 
 Master Software Development Agreement, dated February 6, 2017 between the Company and Claritus Management Pvt. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.20 
 
 500,000 Demand Note, dated January 4, 2006 from Keeler Co. in favor of John Keeler and Maria Keeler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.21 
 
 200,000 Demand Note, dated March 31, 2006 from Keeler Co. in favor of John Keeler and Maria Keeler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.22 
 
 100,000 Demand Note, dated November 21, 2007, from Keeler Co. in favor of John Keeler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.23 
 
 516,833.83 Demand Note, dated July 31, 2013 from Keeler Co. in favor of John Keeler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018) 

10.24 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement for February 1, 2019 offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019) 

10.25 
 
 1,000,000 Promissory Note, dated March 26, 2019, issued to Kenar Overseas Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019) 

10.26 
 
 100,000 Promissory Note, dated January 1, 2021, issued to Lobo Holdings, LLLP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021) 

10.27 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of November 26, 2019, by and among John Keeler Co., Inc., Coastal Pride Seafood, LLC, Coastal Pride Company, Inc., The Walter F. Lubkin, Jr. Irrevocable Trust dated 1/8/03, Walter F. Lubkin III, Tracy Lubkin Greco and John C. Lubkin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 2, 2019) 

64 

10.28 
 
 4 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 500,000, dated November 26, 2019, issued by John Keeler Co., Inc. to Walter Lubkin, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 2, 2019) 

10.29 
 
 Form of 4 Convertible Promissory Note, dated November 26, 2019, issued by John Keeler Co., Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 2, 2019) 

10.30 
 
 Form of Leak-Out Agreement, dated November 26, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 2, 2019) 

10.31 
 
 Joinder and Seventh Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated November 26, 2019, by and among ACF Finco I LP, John Keeler Co., Inc. and Coastal Pride Seafood, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 2, 2019) 

10.32 
 
 Form of Lock-Up and Resale Restriction Agreement, dated December 26, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020) 

10.33 
 
 Loan Amendment, dated May 21, 2020 to Promissory Note issued to Kenar Overseas Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020) 

10.34 
 
 Eight Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 7, 2020, between the Company and ACF Separation and Mutual Release Agreement, dated February 25, 2020, between the Company and Christopher Constable (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020) 

10.35 
 
 Separation and Mutual Release Agreement, dated February 25, 2020, between the Company and Christopher Constable (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020) 

10.36 
 
 Mutual Lease Termination Agreement, dated December 31, 2020, between Keeler Co. and John Keeler Real Estate Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021) 

10.37 
 
 Debt Repayment Agreement, dated December 30, 2020, between the Company and John Keeler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 9, 2021) 

10.38 
 
 Investment Banking Agreement, dated July 1, 2020, between the Company and Newbridge Securities Corporation(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021) 

10.39 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Investment Banking Agreement, dated October 30, 2020, between the Company and Newbridge Securities Corporation(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021) 

10.40 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement dated March 31, 2021, by and among John Keeler Co. Inc. and Coastal Pride Seafood, LLC and Lighthouse Financial Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2021) 

65 

10.41 
 
 Revolving Credit Note dated March 31, 2021 in the amount of up to 5,000,000 issued by John Keeler Co. Inc. and Coastal Pride Seafood, LLC to Lighthouse Financial Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2021) 

10.42 
 
 Guarantee Agreement dated March 31, 2021 executed by Blue Star Foods Corp. in favor of Lighthouse Financial Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2021) 

10.43 
 
 Form of Director Services Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021 

10.44 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated April 27, 2021, by and among the Company, Taste of BC Aquafarms Inc., and Steve Atkinson and Janet Atkinson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 29, 2021) 

10.45 
 
 Second Loan Amendment, dated April 28, 2021 between the Company and Kenar Overseas Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 29, 2021) 

10.46 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement for common stock offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021) 

10.47 
 
 Form of common stock Purchase Warrant at 2.00 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021) 

10.48 
 
 Form of Promissory Note with Taste of BC Aquafarms, Inc. Sellers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2021) 

10.49 
 
 First Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated June 24, 2021, by and among, the Company, Taste of BC Aquafarms, Inc, Steven Atkinson and Janet Atkinson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2021) 

10.50 
 
 Form of Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement, dated June 24, 2021(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2021) 

10.51 
 
 100,000 Promissory Note, dated July 1, 2021, issued to Lobo Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2021) 

10.52 
 
 Note Payoff Indemnity Agreement, dated July 6, 2021 between the Company and Kenar Overseas Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2021) 

10.53 
 
 Employment At Will Agreement, dated August 3, 2020, between the Company and Silvia Alana (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 2, 2021) 

10.54 
 
 Investment Banking Engagement Agreement, dated July 8, 2021, between the Company and Newbridge Securities Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 2, 2021) 

10.55 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated July 8, 2021, between the Company and MEC Consulting, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 2, 2021) 

66 

10.56 
 
 Form of Warrant issuable to Newbridge Securities Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 25, 2021) 

10.57 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 24, 2022, between the Company and Lind Global Fund II LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022) 

10.58 
 
 Warrant, dated January 24, 2022, issued by the Company to Lind Global Fund II LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022) 

10.59 
 
 Security Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2022, between the Company and Lind Global Fund II LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022) 

10.60 
 
 Stock Pledge Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2022, between the Company and Lind Global Fund II LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022) 

10.61 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated November 5, 2021 issued to Newbridge Securities Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021) 

10.62 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated February 3, 2022, between Coastal Pride Seafood, LLC, Gault Seafood, LLC and Robert J. Gault II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 9, 2022) 

10.63 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated February 3, 2022 between Coastal Pride Seafood, LLC and Robert J. Gault (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 9, 2022) 

10.64 
 
 Leak-Out Agreement, dated February 3, 2022 for Robert J. Gault (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 9, 2022) 

10.65 
 
 Fingerling Supply Agreement, dated December 3, 2021, between Taste of BC Aquafarms Inc. and West Coast Fishculture (Lois Lake) Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022) 

10.66 
 
 Form of Director Service Agreement, dated April 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the Company s Current Report of Form 8-K filed with the Sec on April 25, 2022) 

10.67 
 
 Land Lease Agreement, dated April 1, 2022, between Taste of BC Aquafarms Inc. and Steven and Janet Atkinson 

10.68 
 
 Land Lease Agreement, dated April 1, 2022, between Taste of BC Aquafarms Inc. and Kathryn Atkinson 

67 

10.69 
 
 Vendor and Supply Agreement, effective January 28, 2023, between the Company and Just Food For Dogs, LLC 

10.70 
 
 Warrant Agent Agreement, dated February 10, 2023, between the Company and VStock Transfer, LLC, including the Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and accounting Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 

ITEM 16. FORM 10 K SUMMARY 

None. 

68 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BLUE STAR FOODS CORP. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John Keeler 

Name: 
 John Keeler 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Silvia Alana 

Name: 
 Silvia Alana 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ John
 Keeler 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Executive Chairman and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 John Keeler 

/s/ Silvia
 Alana 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Silvia Alana 

/s/
 Nubar Herian 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Nubar Herian 

/s/
 Jeffrey J. Guzy 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey J. Guzy 

/s/
 Timothy McLellan 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Timothy McLellan 

/s/
 Trond Ringstad 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Trond Ringstad 

/s/
 Juan Carlos Dalto 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Juan Carlos Dalto 

69 

<EX-10.67>
 2
 ex10-67.htm

Exhibit
10.67 

THIS
AGREEMENT (in pursuance of the Land Transfer Form Act - Part 2), effective the 1st day of April, 2022 (the Effective Date ). 

BETWEEN:

Steven
and Janet Atkinson (Landlords) 

 of
2904 Jameson Road, Nanaimo, BC V9R 6W8 

 herein
after referred to as the Lessor . 

AND:

Taste
of BC Aquafarms Inc. (Tenant) 

 of
2930 Jameson Road, Nanaimo, BC V9R 6W8 

 herein
after referred to as the Lessee . 

WHEREAS
 The Lessor is the registered owner of the following property in Nanaimo, Province of British Columbia, with Civic Address 2930 Jameson
Road, Nanaimo BC V9R 6W8 and legally described as: 

PID
028 819 390 Plan EPS733 Lot 2, Section 12 Range 4, Mountain District 

And
wishes to lease only the portion consisting of approximately 2.84 acres as shown on the map in Appendix 1 and for futher context, as
shown in Appendix 2 labeled as B . 

This
portion is herein after referred to as the Lands. 

Grant
of Lease 

1) Subject
 to the terms and conditions set out in this Lease, the Lessor agrees to lease the Lands to
 the Lessee. 

Scope
of the Lands Leased 

2) The
 Lands include all: 

a) buildings
 on the Lands as of the Effective Date 

b) buildings
 constructed on the Lands during the term of this Lease; 

c) ways,
 paths and passages on the Lands; 

d) waters
 and water courses on the Lands, including access to and use of water; and 

e) privileges,
 advantages and appurtenances whatsoever related to the Lands; 

f) EXCEPT: 

i) any
 residential buildings. 

Pre-existing
Terms or Easements 

3) This
 grant of lease is subject to: 

a) existing
 terms contained in any original grant of the Lands or in any other disposition from the Crown
 with respect to the Lands; and 

b) any
 highway, or public right-of-way, watercourse, right of water or other public easement found
 on the Lands. 

4) The
 Lessor represents that the Lessor has informed the Lessee of any and all pre-existing terms
 or public easements described in clause 3. 

Duration
of Lease 

5) This
 Lease will be in effect a period of FIVE (5) years, starting on the Effective Date (the Term ). 

Basic
Rent Payable 

6) The
 Lessee will pay to the Lessor the sum of 2,590 per month (the Basic Rent ),
 on the 1 st day of each and every month during such period commencing April 1,
 2022 with the first payment made on April 2022 to cover rent for the period from January
 to April 2022 (4 months of rent);; 

7) The
 Lessee will pay, at the times and in the manner set out in the Lease, all applicable GST/HST
 on any amount payable by the Lessee under the Lease. 

Operating
Expenses and Additional Rent 

8) The
 term operating expenses as used herein shall mean and include all expenses
 incurred and payable by the Lessor in the operation, maintenance, repair and management of
 the Lands, being expenses which are ordinarily chargeable against income in accordance with
 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and without restricting the generality of the foregoing
 shall include: 

a) all
 taxes, rates and assessments, whether general or special now or hereafter levied, rated or
 assessed for municipal, school or other purposes or levied, rated or assessed by any lawful
 government authority for any purposes with respect the Lands; 

b) electric
 power and utility expenses, other than those referred to in clause 23; 

c) salaries
 and wages (including the employee benefits, workers compensation) and the costs of independent
 service contracts incurred in the cleaning, maintenance and or operation of buildings, grounds
 or parking on the Lands, or roadways providing access to the Lands; 

d) all
 charges incurred as a result of the Lessor obtaining insurance as provided for in clause
 35; 

e) expenses
 incurred in cleaning and repainting the exterior of buildings on the Lands; 

f) expenses
 incurred in keeping free of litter, dirt, snow and ice of parking areas, yards, sidewalks
 on roadways on or provided access to the Lands; 

g) all
 costs for regular maintenance, repairs and upkeep of improvements to the Lands including
 without limitation, plumbing and electrical equipment and systems, communication equipment
 and systems, save and except as specifically set out herein. 

9) The
 Lessee shall pay as additional rent its proportionate share of the operating expenses for
 each calendar year. 

10) The
 Lessee shall pay as additional rent any and all license fees and taxes imposed in connection
 with the use of the Lands, any improvements to the lands, or with the particular business
 of the lessee or in connection with any form of equipment used by the Lessee on the Lands. 

11) Any
 amount payable by the Lessee under this clause(s) 8, 9 or 10 shall be deemed to be rent and
 shall be collectible and paid as additional rent within THIRTY(30) days after demand by the
 Lessor. The Lessor may estimate for any calendar year the amount payable by the Lessee and
 the Lessee shall upon demand pay to the Lessor on the 1 st day of each month, ONE
 TWELFTH (1/12 th of the Lessor s estimate. The Lessor shall then account
 to the Lessee for such amounts prior to March in each year. 

12) Notwithstanding
 the provision of the preceding clause 11 and with respect to the Lessee s proportionate
 share of realty, school and local improvement taxes, the Lessor may at its option estimate
 the said realty, school and local improvement taxes in advance of the date upon which the
 said taxes become due and the Lessee shall pay its proportion of such estimate taxes in equal
 monthly installments as additional rent during the prceeding such due date; with any overpayment
 to be rebated to the Lessor, or any deficiency paid to the Lessor on the date that its said
 taxes are due. An estimate pursuant to this clause precludes the Lessor from including the
 said estimated taxes otherwise made under the preceding clause 11. 

Net
Lease 

13) Subject
 to terms herein, the parties agree that it is their purpose, intent and agreement that rent
 aforementioned shall be absolutely net to the Lessor so that this Lease shall yield in net
 to the Lessor the rent specified in clause 6 free of any charges, assessment, impositions
 or deductions of any kind without abatement, deduction or set-off and under no circumstances
 or conditions, whether now or existing or hereafter or be under other obligation or liability
 hereunder (except as herein otherwise expressly set forth). 

Offer
to Renew 

14) If
 the Lessee duly and punctually observes the covenants, agreements, conditions, and provisos
 in this Lease on the part of the Lessee to be observed and performed, the Lessor shall at
 the expiration of the Term, at the cost of the Lessee and at its request by written notice
 delivered to the Lessor, in the manner provided in this Lease, not later than six (6) months
 prior to the expiration of the Term, grant to the Lessee a renewal lease of the Premises
 for two further terms of fix (5) years (the Renewal Term from the expiration
 of the Term, upon all of the covenants, agreements, conditions, and provisos contained in
 this Lease except this covenant for renewal and any provisions for exclusive use, bonuses,
 leasehold improvements, or inducement and except the Basic Rent (the Renewal Term
 Rent to be paid during the Renewal Terms. The Rent for the Renewal Terms shall be
 the prevailing fair market rental for lands of similar size, quality, use and location, as
 agreed between the parties, and failing such agreement, as determined by arbitration pursuant
 to clause 40, provided however that during the Renewal Term, the Rent shall not be less than
 the Rent payable in the last month of the expiring term. 

Termination

15) This
 Lease may be terminated in the following ways: 

a) upon
 written agreement of both Lessor and Lessee to terminate this Lease; 

b) the
 Lessee gives the Lessor 30 days advance written notice that the Lessee wishes to terminate
 this Lease, notwithstanding rent will be payable to the nearest 5 year anniversary of the
 lease; 

c) the
 Lessee does not pay Rent when due and the Lessor gives the Lessee written notice of an intention
 to terminate this Lease for non-payment of Rent, unless the Lessee pays the outstanding Rent
 in full within 30 days of receipt of the notice, in which case this Lease remains in force; 

d) any
 party to this Lease gives the opposing party written notice of the opposing party s
 non-performance of one or more of the covenants contained in this Lease, specifying the instance(s)
 of non-performance, and the opposing party does not 

i) contest
 the notice by initiating dispute resolution pursuant to this Lease, or 

ii) correct
 the non-performance; 

e) the
 Lessee becomes insolvent or bankrupt and takes the benefit of any act that may be in force
 for bankrupt or insolvent debtors; 

f) any
 of the Lessee s property on the Lands is seized or taken in execution or attachment
 by any creditor of the Lessee; or 

g) the
 Lessee makes an assignment for the benefit of his creditors. 

16) If
 the Lessor terminates this Lease in accordance to subclause 15 b) or 15 c) then the Lessor
 must notify the Lessee of the termination, after which the Lessor may immediately: 

a) take
 possession of the Lands or any part thereof; and 

b) subject
 to clause 20, remove all persons and property from the Lands, if the Lessee does not do so. 

Overholding

17) If,
 following the expiry of the term of this Lease, the Lessee continues to occupy the Lands
 and the Lessor continues to accept Rent, the new tenancy created is deemed to be a monthly
 tenancy subject to all the provisions of this Lease insofar as those provisions apply to
 a tenancy from month to month. 

Ownership
and Transfer 

18) The
 Lessee owns all personal property improvements (chattels) brought or made on the Lands at
 the Lessee s expense or on the Lessee s behalf during the period of time covered
 by this Lease. 

19) All
 improvements to the real property (fixtures), alterations, additions, partitions, and built
 in cabinet work and fixtures, and wall to wall carpeting and fixtures whether placed there
 by the Lessee or the Lessor, shall at the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease
 become the Lessor s property without compensation therefore to the Lessee at any time. 

20) All
 articles of personal property and all furniture, business and trade fixtures, machinery and
 equipment, and unharvested crops, owned or installed by the Lessee at the expense of the
 Lessee in the Lands shall remain the property of the Lessee and may be removed by the Lessee
 at its expense, providing the the Lessee shall repair any damage to the Lands or buildings
 thereon caused by the aforesaid removal. If the Lessee does not remove its property forthwith
 after written demand by the Lessor, such property shall if the Lessor elects be deemed to
 become the Lessor s property or the Lessor may remove the same at the expense of the
 Lessee the cost of such removal to be paid by the Lessee forthwith to the Lessor on written
 demand, the Lessor not to be responsible for any loss or damange to such property because
 of such removal. 

Subordination
and Non-Disturbance 

21) This
 Lease is and will be subject, subordinate, and postponed to all Mortgages to the extent that
 without execution of any document other than this Lease, the Mortgages will have priority
 over this Lease notwithstanding the respective dates of execution, delivery, or registration
 of them. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Lessee agrees to promptly
 execute any document in confirmation of such subordination and postponement of this Lease
 to any of the Mortgages, provided however that such subordination or postponement will not
 be effective with respect to a specific Mortgage unless and until the Lessor s Mortgagee
 holding such Mortgage confirms in writing to the Lessee that the Lessee has the right, if
 not in default under this Lease, to remain in possession of the Lands in accordance with
 the terms of this Lease in the event the Lessor s Mortgagee obtains title to the Lands
 by way of foreclosure or otherwise. 

Attornment

22) Whenever
 required by any of the Lessor s Mortgagees under any of the Mortgages, or in the event
 of an exercise by any of the Lessor s Mortgagees of the power of sale in any of the
 Mortgages, the Lessee will attorn to and become, in each case, a tenant of such Lessor s
 Mortgagees or any purchaser from such Lessor s Mortgagee for the then unexpired residue
 of the term upon all of the terms and conditions of this Lease. 

Utilities

23) The
 Lessee must promptly pay all charges for heat, water, gas, hydro, sewage, telecommunications,
 and all other utilities supplied to or consumed on the Lands. 

Taxes

24) The
 Lessor shall pay or cause to be paid all taxes, levies, duties, assessments and license fees
 whatsoever whether municipal, school, provincial, parliamentary or otherwise levied, imposed
 or assessed against the Lands or upon the Lessee in respect thereof, but this clause 24 does
 not alter any obligations of the Lessee under and of the provisions of clause 10. 

Liens

25) The
 Lessee must make best efforts to prevent the filing of any liens, judgments, or other charges
 against the Lands. In the event of the filing of any liens, judgments or charges against
 the said lands as a result of the actions of the Lessee, the Lessee must, within 30 days
 of being advised of same, take all necessary steps to have the liens or charges discharged
 or cancelled. 

Lessor
Access 

26) The
 Lessee must permit the Lessor to enter the Lands: 

a) at
 any time in the case of an emergency that threatens life or property; and 

b) upon
 at least 24 hour s notice and during regular business hours, where such will not unreasonably
 disturb or interfere with the Lessee s use of the Lands, to examine and inspect the
 Lands. 

Responsible
Use 

27) The
 Lessee must use the Lands in a socially responsible manner, causing no harm and creating
 no nuisance to neighbours. The Lessee takes responsibility for the use of the Lands by members
 of the Lessee s families, employees, friends or visitors. 

Construction

28) The
 Lessee must: 

a) not
 alter, improve, change, remodel, tear down or destroy any buildings erected upon the Lands
 without written approval from the Lessor; and 

b) not
 construct housing for human habitation on the Lands without written approval from the Lessor.
 Any housing construction must meet all federal, provincial and local government legislation
 and bylaws. 

Operations

29) The
 Lessee must: 

a) use
 the Lands only for the primary purposes scientific research, development or farming of legal
 commercial crops; 

b) perform
 all acts required to be done under any Act or by regulation or by-laws with respect to weed
 and insect control; 

c) comply
 with all the laws, rules, regulations and ordinances and by-laws of any government or other
 body having jurisdiction over the Lands; and 

d) at
 the time of expiry or termination leave the Lands in the same or better condition than recorded
 on the Effective Date. 

Repair
and Maintenance 

30) The
 Lessee assumes full responsibility for the operation, repair, and maintenance of the Lands
 and any improvements constructed on the Land (whether or not such improvements were constructed
 by the Lessee), ensuring all is kept in good working condition (including fixtures and chattels). 

31) If
 the Lessee fails to meet any expense when due or carry out repair or maintenance work on
 the Lands and improvements that is reasonably necessary and not merely cosmetic, then the
 Lessor may give the Lessee written notice to pay the said expense or commence the said work.
 If the Lessee does not abide by the notice or initiate dispute resolution under this Lease
 within 30 days, then the Lessor may enter the Lands and do the said work or pay the said
 expenses all at the expense of the Lessee, the cost of which is added to the Rent. 

Liability
for Property Damange and/or Personal Injury 

32) The
 Lessor shall not be responsible for any damage in or upon the Lands for any reason or cause
 whatsoever, or for any personal injury sustained by the Lessee, its officers or employees,
 or other persons, or for any property loss, howsoever occurring, and the Lessee shall have
 no right to any diminuition of rent in such cases; and without restricting the generality
 of the foregoing, the Lessor shall not be liable for any injury or damage to persons or property
 resulting from fire, exploseion, falling plaster, steam, gas, electricity, water, rain, or
 snow or leaks from any port of any building or from pipes, appliances or from any other place,
 or by dampness, or for such injury or damage by any cause of whatever nature, including negligence
 of the Lessor or its servants or agents. 

33) The
 Lessee shall reimburse the Lessor for all expenses, damages, losses or fines incurred or
 suffered by the Lessor by reason of any breach, violation or non-performance by the Lessee
 of any covenant or provision of this Lease or by reason of damage to persons or property
 caused by the Lessee, its servants or agents. 

34) The
 Lessee shall give the Lessor immediate notice in case of fire or accident on the Lands. 

Liability
Insurance 

35) The
 Lessee shall carry public liability and property damage insurance in the minimum amount of
 Five Million 5,000,000) Dollars (Canadian) inclusive on an occurrence basis, or such higher
 minimum amount as the Lessor may from time to time reasonably demand on notice, covering
 and in the name of both the Lessor and the Lessee in respect of the Lands and the Lessee s
 business and activities thereon, and to pay the premiums for such insurance and to deposit
 certificates with respect to such insurance and proof of the payment of such premiums with
 the Lessor, all such insurance to be carried in a company or companies satisfactory to the
 Lessor and be of a type and form satisfactory to the Lessor, and any such policy shall not
 be cancellable or materially alterable without thirty (30) days notice first having
 been given to the Lessor; PROVIDED that if the Lessee fails to insure and keep insured as
 herein provided, the Lessor may, but shall not be hereby be obligated to, effect such insurance
 at the cost and expenses of the Lessee, and any sum so expended to the Lessor shall be added
 to the Rent due on the next succeeding payment date and such amount in addition to the regular
 payment then due shall constitute Rent herunder. 

Quiet
Enjoyment 

36) The
 Lessor must: 

a) not
 interfere with the personal lives, associations, expressions or actions of the Lessee, except
 insofar as permitted under terms and conditions of this Lease; 

b) expressly
 recognize the rights of the Lessee to the quiet enjoyment of the Lands and to the Lessee s
 right of privacy; and 

c) not
 enter into agreements with others in regards to use and occupation of the Lands without written
 approval from the Lessee. 

37) The
 Lessor does not warrant that any service or facility provided by it hereunder will be free
 from interruptions caused or required by maintaince, repairs, renewals, modifications, strikes,
 riots, insurrections, labour controversies, accidents, fuel shortages, governmental intervention,
 force majeure, acts of God, or other cause or causes beyond the Lessor s reasonable
 care and control. No such interruption shall be deemed an eviction or disturbance of the
 Lessee s enjoyment of the Lands nor rendor the Lessor liable in damages to the Lessee
 nor relieve the parties from their obligations under this Lease. 

Subletting
and Assigning 

38) The
 Lessee may not assign or sublet the Lands in whole or in part without the Lessor s
 prior consent in writing, such consent at the unfettered discretion of the Lessor. 

Dispute
Resolution 

39) If
 a breach of this Lease occurs or is threatened, or if there is disagreement as to the meaning
 of this Lease: 

a) either
 the Lessee or the Lessor may give notice to the other parties requiring a meeting of all
 parties for dispute resolution within 5 business days of receipt of the notice; 

b) all
 activities giving rise to an alleged breach, or threatening a breach of this Lease, or giving
 rise to a disagreement as to the meaning of this Lease, must immediately cease upon receipt
 of the notice; 

c) the
 parties must meet and attempt to resolve the dispute, acting reasonably and in good faith,
 within 5 business days of receipt of the notice; 

d) if
 the parties are not able to resolve the matter within that time, the parties may appoint
 a mutually acceptable person to mediate the matter. If the parties are unable to agree on
 the appointment of a mediator within 5 business days after the mediation process is invoked,
 any party may apply to the British Columbia Mediator Roster Society, or its successor, or
 such other organization or person agreed to by the parties in writing, for appointment of
 a mediator. The parties must act reasonably and in good faith and cooperate with the mediator
 and with each other in an attempt to resolve the matter within 5 business days of the appointment
 of the mediator; 

e) the
 cost of the mediation will be borne equally between the parties, which costs will not include
 costs incurred by a party for representation by counsel at the mediation; and 

f) a
 party may not seek to have an alleged breach of this Lease adjudicated in Court until the
 dispute resolution process set out in this clause has concluded, unless both parties agree
 to forego mediation. 

40) In
 the event that the Lessee does not accept the Lessor s rental demand for the term of
 renewal, then the said rate of rent will be determined by the award of three arbitrators
 or a majority of them, one to be named by Lessor and one by the Lessee at least SIXTY (60)
 days before the expiration of the term hereby granted and the two arbitrators thus chosen
 will within SEVEN (7) days after their appointments select a third arbitrator, and their
 award or the award of the majority of them will be made not later than FORTY (40) days before
 the commencement of the renewal term. But in the determining of the rent aforesaid, the arbitrators
 will exclude from the calculations made in such determination the value of improvements made
 to the Premises by the Lessee; provided always that the rate of rent for any period of renewal
 shall not be less than the rate of rent for the preceding term. If the Lessor or Lessee neglects
 or refuses to name its arbitrator within the time hereinbefore limited or to proceed with
 the said arbitrator, then the arbitrator named by the other party will proceed to fix the
 rate of rent to be paid for the ensuing term, and the award of such arbitrator will be final
 and binding on both the Lessor and the Lessee. Such arbitration will otherwise be pursuant
 to the provisions of the Arbitration Act , R.S.B.C. 1996 Chapter 55 as it is from time
 to time amended. 

Lessor s
Expenses Enforcing Lease 

41) In
 the event that it be necessary for the Lessor to retain the service of a solicitor or any
 other proper person for the purpose of assisting the Lessor in enforcing any of its rights
 hereunder in the event of default on the part of the Lessee, the Lessor shall be entitled
 to collect from the Lessee the cost of all such services as if the same were rent reserved
 and in arrears hereunder. 

Non-Waiver

42) If
 the Lessor does not insist upon strict performance of any of the conditions in this Lease
 this is not a waiver or relinquishment for the future of any such condition unless the Lessor
 gives a waiver in writing. The acceptance of any rent or performance of any Lease condition
 by a person other than the Lessee shall not be construed as an admission by the Lessor of
 any right, title or interest of any such persons as a sub-tenant, assignee, transferee or
 otherwise in place and stead of the Lessee. 

Independent
Contractor 

43) The
 Lessor enters into this Lease as an independent contractor and in no sense is the Lessee
 or the Lessee s employees, invitees or agents to be considered an agent of or under
 the control of the Lessor. 

Notice

44) All
 notices, demands and communications hereunder to a party shall be in writing and given by
 personal delivery or by registered mail, postage prepaid, to the address of the party as
 set out on the first page of this Lease or at such address as a party may from time to time
 notify the other in writing, and such notice, demand or communication shall be effective
 as of the day of such personal delivery, or as of TWO (2) days following the date of such
 posting as the case may be. 

General

45) This
 Lease and everything herein contained shall endure to the benefit of and be binding upon
 the heirs, executors, administrators, successors, assigns and other legal representatives,
 as the case may be, of each of the parties hereto, subject to the granting of consent by
 the Lessor to any assignment or sub-lease, and every reference herein to any party hereto
 shall include the heirs, executors, administrators, successors, assigns and other legal representatives
 of such party. 

46) Where
 there is more than one Lessee, the provisions herein shall be read with all grammatical changes
 thereby rendered necessary and all the covenants shall be deemed joint and several. 

47) Amendments
 and alterations to this Lease must be in writing, must be signed by both the Lessee and the
 Lessor and must be appended to this Lease. 

48) In
 the event of an emergency situation the Lessee may use their best judgment to respond to
 the emergency and must notify the Lessor as soon as possible of the actions taken. 

49) The
 parties agree that this Lease does not give rise to a partnership relationship. 

50) The
 parties agree that this Lease will be construed in accordance with, and be governed by, the
 laws of the Province of British Columbia and the laws of Canada applicable thereto. 

51) Notwithstanding
 the termination or expiry of this Lease: 

a) the
 Lessee shall continue to be liable to the Lessor for all outstanding Rent due at the time
 of termination or expiry of this Lease; and 

b) the
 provisions in this Lease under the headings Overholding , Ownership and
 Transfer and Dispute Resolution will continue in effect. 

52) Time
 is of the essence of this Lease. 

53) This
 Lease is the complete and exclusive agreement between the parties and it supersedes all other
 agreements between the parties with respect to the Lands, whether oral or written, including
 any renewals and extensions and restatements. 

Interest 

54) If
 the Lessee does not pay Rent on or before the due dates in this Lease, the Lessee agrees
 to pay interest on the amount of unpaid Rent at the rate of the prime business interest rate
 set by the Bank of Canada, plus 12 . 

THE
LESSOR 

Steven Atkinson (Landlord) 

Kathryn Atkinson 
 
 Per: 
 /s/
 Steven Atkinson 
 
 (Witness) 

Janet Atkinson (Landlord) 

Kathryn Atkinson 
 
 Per: 
 /s/
 Janet Atkinson 
 
 (Witness) 

THE
LESSEE 

Taste of BC Aquafarms Inc. (Tenant) 

Kathryn Atkinson 
 
 Per: 
 /s/
 Ben Atkinson 
 
 (Witness) 
 
 (President: Ben Atkinson) 

</EX-10.67>

<EX-10.68>
 3
 ex10-68.htm

Exhibit
10.68 

THIS
AGREEMENT (in pursuance of the Land Transfer Form Act - Part 2), effective the 1st day of April, 2022 (the Effective Date ). 

BETWEEN:

Kathryn
Joy Atkinson 

 of
2934 Jameson Road, Nanaimo, BC V9R 6W8 

 herein
after referred to as the Lessor . 

AND:

Taste
of BC Aquafarms Inc. (Tenant) 

 of
2930 Jameson Road, Nanaimo, BC V9R 6W8 

 herein
after referred to as the Lessee . 

WHEREAS
 The Lessor is the registered owner of the following property in Nanaimo, Province of British Columbia, with Civic Address 2930 Jameson
Road, Nanaimo BC V9R 6W8 and legally described as: 

PID
028 137 353 Plan VIS6917 Lot B, Section 12 Range 4, Mountain District 

And
wishes to lease only the portion consisting of approximately 2.60 acres as shown on the map in Appendix 1 and for futher context, as
shown in Appendix 2 labeled as A . 

This
portion is herein after referred to as the Lands. 

Grant
of Lease 

1) Subject
 to the terms and conditions set out in this Lease, the Lessor agrees to lease the Lands to
 the Lessee. 

Scope
of the Lands Leased 

2) The
 Lands include all: 

a) buildings
 on the Lands as of the Effective Date 

b) buildings
 constructed on the Lands during the term of this Lease; 

c) ways,
 paths and passages on the Lands; 

d) waters
 and water courses on the Lands, including access to and use of water; and 

e) privileges,
 advantages and appurtenances whatsoever related to the Lands; 

f) EXCEPT: 

i) any
 buildings on the portion shown as SA1 on Appendix 1 Accessory A ),
 except as provided per clause 9; and 

ii) any
 residential buildings. 

Pre-existing
Terms or Easements 

3) This
 grant of lease is subject to: 

a) existing
 terms contained in any original grant of the Lands or in any other disposition from the Crown
 with respect to the Lands; and 

b) any
 highway, or public right-of-way, watercourse, right of water or other public easement found
 on the Lands. 

4) The
 Lessor represents that the Lessor has informed the Lessee of any and all pre-existing terms
 or public easements described in clause 3. 

Duration
of Lease 

5) This
 Lease will be in effect a period of FIVE (5) years, starting on the Effective Date (the Term ). 

Basic
Rent Payable 

6) The
 Lessee will pay to the Lessor the sum of 2,370 per month (the Basic Rent ),
 on the 1 st day of each and every month during such period commencing April 1,
 2022 with the first payment made on April 2022 to cover rent for the period from January
 to April 2022 (4 months of rent); 

7) The
 Lessee will pay, at the times and in the manner set out in the Lease, all applicable GST/HST
 on any amount payable by the Lessee under the Lease. 

Accessory
A 

8) The
 Lessor may contruct, modify, possess or otherwise utilize Accessory A without restriction
 and any said building remains the property of the Lessor, notwithstanding any other provision
 of this Lease. 

9) While
 the Lease is in effect, the Lessee may elect to share non-exclusive usage of Accessory A
 on a month-to-month basis, upon providing THIRTY (30) days written notice to enact or terminate
 this option. If the Lessee elects to use Accessory A, the Lessee shall pay as additional
 rent an amount as determined from time-to-time by the Lessor, but not less than 500 per
 month. 

Operating
Expenses and Additional Rent 

10) The
 term operating expenses as used herein shall mean and include all expenses
 incurred and payable by the Lessor in the operation, maintenance, repair and management of
 the Lands, being expenses which are ordinarily chargeable against income in accordance with
 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and without restricting the generality of the foregoing
 shall include: 

a) all
 taxes, rates and assessments, whether general or special now or hereafter levied, rated or
 assessed for municipal, school or other purposes or levied, rated or assessed by any lawful
 government authority for any purposes with respect the Lands; 

b) electric
 power and utility expenses, other than those referred to in clause 25; 

c) salaries
 and wages (including the employee benefits, workers compensation) and the costs of independent
 service contracts incurred in the cleaning, maintenance and or operation of buildings, grounds
 or parking on the Lands, or roadways providing access to the Lands; 

d) all
 charges incurred as a result of the Lessor obtaining insurance as provided for in clause
 37; 

e) expenses
 incurred in cleaning and repainting the exterior of buildings on the Lands; 

f) expenses
 incurred in keeping free of litter, dirt, snow and ice of parking areas, yards, sidewalks
 on roadways on or provided access to the Lands; 

g) all
 costs for regular maintenance, repairs and upkeep of improvements to the Lands including
 without limitation, plumbing and electrical equipment and systems, communication equipment
 and systems, save and except as specifically set out herein. 

11) The
 Lessee shall pay as additional rent its proportionate share of the operating expenses for
 each calendar year. 

12) The
 Lessee shall pay as additional rent any and all license fees and taxes imposed in connection
 with the use of the Lands, any improvements to the lands, or with the particular business
 of the lessee or in connection with any form of equipment used by the Lessee on the Lands. 

13) Any
 amount payable by the Lessee under this clause(s) 10, 11 or 12 shall be deemed to be rent
 and shall be collectible and paid as additional rent within THIRTY(30) days after demand
 by the Lessor. The Lessor may estimate for any calendar year the amount payable by the Lessee
 and the Lessee shall upon demand pay to the Lessor on the 1 st day of each month,
 ONE TWELFTH (1/12 th of the Lessor s estimate. The Lessor shall then account
 to the Lessee for such amounts prior to March in each year. 

14) Notwithstanding
 the provision of the preceding clause 13 and with respect to the Lessee s proportionate
 share of realty, school and local improvement taxes, the Lessor may at its option estimate
 the said realty, school and local improvement taxes in advance of the date upon which the
 said taxes become due and the Lessee shall pay its proportion of such estimate taxes in equal
 monthly installments as additional rent during the prceeding such due date; with any overpayment
 to be rebated to the Lessor, or any deficiency paid to the Lessor on the date that its said
 taxes are due. An estimate pursuant to this clause precludes the Lessor from including the
 said estimated taxes otherwise made under the preceding clause 13. 

Net
Lease 

15) Subject
 to terms herein, the parties agree that it is their purpose, intent and agreement that rent
 aforementioned shall be absolutely net to the Lessor so that this Lease shall yield in net
 to the Lessor the rent specified in clause 6 free of any charges, assessment, impositions
 or deductions of any kind without abatement, deduction or set-off and under no circumstances
 or conditions, whether now or existing or hereafter or be under other obligation or liability
 hereunder (except as herein otherwise expressly set forth). 

Offer
to Renew 

16) If
 the Lessee duly and punctually observes the covenants, agreements, conditions, and provisos
 in this Lease on the part of the Lessee to be observed and performed, the Lessor shall at
 the expiration of the Term, at the cost of the Lessee and at its request by written notice
 delivered to the Lessor, in the manner provided in this Lease, not later than six (6) months
 prior to the expiration of the Term, grant to the Lessee a renewal lease of the Premises
 for two further terms of fix (5) years (the Renewal Term from the expiration
 of the Term, upon all of the covenants, agreements, conditions, and provisos contained in
 this Lease except this covenant for renewal and any provisions for exclusive use, bonuses,
 leasehold improvements, or inducement and except the Basic Rent (the Renewal Term
 Rent to be paid during the Renewal Terms. The Rent for the Renewal Terms shall be
 the prevailing fair market rental for lands of similar size, quality, use and location, as
 agreed between the parties, and failing such agreement, as determined by arbitration pursuant
 to clause 42, provided however that during the Renewal Term, the Rent shall not be less than
 the Rent payable in the last month of the expiring term. 

Termination

17) This
 Lease may be terminated in the following ways: 

a) upon
 written agreement of both Lessor and Lessee to terminate this Lease; 

b) the
 Lessee gives the Lessor 30 days advance written notice that the Lessee wishes to terminate
 this Lease, notwithstanding rent will be payable to the nearest 5 year anniversary of the
 lease; 

c) the
 Lessee does not pay Rent when due and the Lessor gives the Lessee written notice of an intention
 to terminate this Lease for non-payment of Rent, unless the Lessee pays the outstanding Rent
 in full within 30 days of receipt of the notice, in which case this Lease remains in force; 

d) any
 party to this Lease gives the opposing party written notice of the opposing party s
 non-performance of one or more of the covenants contained in this Lease, specifying the instance(s)
 of non-performance, and the opposing party does not 

i) contest
 the notice by initiating dispute resolution pursuant to this Lease, or 

ii) correct
 the non-performance; 

e) the
 Lessee becomes insolvent or bankrupt and takes the benefit of any act that may be in force
 for bankrupt or insolvent debtors; 

f) any
 of the Lessee s property on the Lands is seized or taken in execution or attachment
 by any creditor of the Lessee; or 

g) the
 Lessee makes an assignment for the benefit of his creditors. 

18) If
 the Lessor terminates this Lease in accordance to subclause 17 b) or 17 c) then the Lessor
 must notify the Lessee of the termination, after which the Lessor may immediately: 

a) take
 possession of the Lands or any part thereof; and 

b) subject
 to clause 22, remove all persons and property from the Lands, if the Lessee does not do so. 

Overholding

19) If,
 following the expiry of the term of this Lease, the Lessee continues to occupy the Lands
 and the Lessor continues to accept Rent, the new tenancy created is deemed to be a monthly
 tenancy subject to all the provisions of this Lease insofar as those provisions apply to
 a tenancy from month to month. 

Ownership
and Transfer 

20) The
 Lessee owns all personal property improvements (chattels) brought or made on the Lands at
 the Lessee s expense or on the Lessee s behalf during the period of time covered
 by this Lease. 

21) All
 improvements to the real property (fixtures), alterations, additions, partitions, and built
 in cabinet work and fixtures, and wall to wall carpeting and fixtures whether placed there
 by the Lessee or the Lessor, shall at the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease
 become the Lessor s property without compensation therefore to the Lessee at any time. 

22) All
 articles of personal property and all furniture, business and trade fixtures, machinery and
 equipment, and unharvested crops, owned or installed by the Lessee at the expense of the
 Lessee in the Lands shall remain the property of the Lessee and may be removed by the Lessee
 at its expense, providing the the Lessee shall repair any damage to the Lands or buildings
 thereon caused by the aforesaid removal. If the Lessee does not remove its property forthwith
 after written demand by the Lessor, such property shall if the Lessor elects be deemed to
 become the Lessor s property or the Lessor may remove the same at the expense of the
 Lessee the cost of such removal to be paid by the Lessee forthwith to the Lessor on written
 demand, the Lessor not to be responsible for any loss or damange to such property because
 of such removal. 

Subordination
and Non-Disturbance 

23) This
 Lease is and will be subject, subordinate, and postponed to all Mortgages to the extent that
 without execution of any document other than this Lease, the Mortgages will have priority
 over this Lease notwithstanding the respective dates of execution, delivery, or registration
 of them. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Lessee agrees to promptly
 execute any document in confirmation of such subordination and postponement of this Lease
 to any of the Mortgages, provided however that such subordination or postponement will not
 be effective with respect to a specific Mortgage unless and until the Lessor s Mortgagee
 holding such Mortgage confirms in writing to the Lessee that the Lessee has the right, if
 not in default under this Lease, to remain in possession of the Lands in accordance with
 the terms of this Lease in the event the Lessor s Mortgagee obtains title to the Lands
 by way of foreclosure or otherwise. 

Attornment

24) Whenever
 required by any of the Lessor s Mortgagees under any of the Mortgages, or in the event
 of an exercise by any of the Lessor s Mortgagees of the power of sale in any of the
 Mortgages, the Lessee will attorn to and become, in each case, a tenant of such Lessor s
 Mortgagees or any purchaser from such Lessor s Mortgagee for the then unexpired residue
 of the term upon all of the terms and conditions of this Lease. 

Utilities

25) The
 Lessee must promptly pay all charges for heat, water, gas, hydro, sewage, telecommunications,
 and all other utilities supplied to or consumed on the Lands. 

Taxes

26) The
 Lessor shall pay or cause to be paid all taxes, levies, duties, assessments and license fees
 whatsoever whether municipal, school, provincial, parliamentary or otherwise levied, imposed
 or assessed against the Lands or upon the Lessee in respect thereof, but this clause 26 does
 not alter any obligations of the Lessee under and of the provisions of clause 12. 

Liens

27) The
 Lessee must make best efforts to prevent the filing of any liens, judgments, or other charges
 against the Lands. In the event of the filing of any liens, judgments or charges against
 the said lands as a result of the actions of the Lessee, the Lessee must, within 30 days
 of being advised of same, take all necessary steps to have the liens or charges discharged
 or cancelled. 

Lessor
Access 

28) The
 Lessee must permit the Lessor to enter the Lands: 

a) at
 any time in the case of an emergency that threatens life or property; and 

b) upon
 at least 24 hour s notice and during regular business hours, where such will not unreasonably
 disturb or interfere with the Lessee s use of the Lands, to examine and inspect the
 Lands. 

Responsible
Use 

29) The
 Lessee must use the Lands in a socially responsible manner, causing no harm and creating
 no nuisance to neighbours. The Lessee takes responsibility for the use of the Lands by members
 of the Lessee s families, employees, friends or visitors. 

Construction

30) The
 Lessee must: 

a) not
 alter, improve, change, remodel, tear down or destroy any buildings erected upon the Lands
 without written approval from the Lessor; and 

b) not
 construct housing for human habitation on the Lands without written approval from the Lessor.
 Any housing construction must meet all federal, provincial and local government legislation
 and bylaws. 

Operations

31) The
 Lessee must: 

a) use
 the Lands only for the primary purposes scientific research, development or farming of legal
 commercial crops; 

b) perform
 all acts required to be done under any Act or by regulation or by-laws with respect to weed
 and insect control; 

c) comply
 with all the laws, rules, regulations and ordinances and by-laws of any government or other
 body having jurisdiction over the Lands; and 

d) at
 the time of expiry or termination leave the Lands in the same or better condition than recorded
 on the Effective Date. 

Repair
and Maintenance 

32) The
 Lessee assumes full responsibility for the operation, repair, and maintenance of the Lands
 and any improvements constructed on the Land (whether or not such improvements were constructed
 by the Lessee), ensuring all is kept in good working condition (including fixtures and chattels). 

33) If
 the Lessee fails to meet any expense when due or carry out repair or maintenance work on
 the Lands and improvements that is reasonably necessary and not merely cosmetic, then the
 Lessor may give the Lessee written notice to pay the said expense or commence the said work.
 If the Lessee does not abide by the notice or initiate dispute resolution under this Lease
 within 30 days, then the Lessor may enter the Lands and do the said work or pay the said
 expenses all at the expense of the Lessee, the cost of which is added to the Rent. 

Liability
for Property Damange and/or Personal Injury 

34) The
 Lessor shall not be responsible for any damage in or upon the Lands for any reason or cause
 whatsoever, or for any personal injury sustained by the Lessee, its officers or employees,
 or other persons, or for any property loss, howsoever occurring, and the Lessee shall have
 no right to any diminuition of rent in such cases; and without restricting the generality
 of the foregoing, the Lessor shall not be liable for any injury or damage to persons or property
 resulting from fire, exploseion, falling plaster, steam, gas, electricity, water, rain, or
 snow or leaks from any port of any building or from pipes, appliances or from any other place,
 or by dampness, or for such injury or damage by any cause of whatever nature, including negligence
 of the Lessor or its servants or agents. 

35) The
 Lessee shall reimburse the Lessor for all expenses, damages, losses or fines incurred or
 suffered by the Lessor by reason of any breach, violation or non-performance by the Lessee
 of any covenant or provision of this Lease or by reason of damage to persons or property
 caused by the Lessee, its servants or agents. 

36) The
 Lessee shall give the Lessor immediate notice in case of fire or accident on the Lands. 

Liability
Insurance 

37) The
 Lessee shall carry public liability and property damage insurance in the minimum amount of
 Five Million 5,000,000) Dollars (Canadian) inclusive on an occurrence basis, or such higher
 minimum amount as the Lessor may from time to time reasonably demand on notice, covering
 and in the name of both the Lessor and the Lessee in respect of the Lands and the Lessee s
 business and activities thereon, and to pay the premiums for such insurance and to deposit
 certificates with respect to such insurance and proof of the payment of such premiums with
 the Lessor, all such insurance to be carried in a company or companies satisfactory to the
 Lessor and be of a type and form satisfactory to the Lessor, and any such policy shall not
 be cancellable or materially alterable without thirty (30) days notice first having
 been given to the Lessor; PROVIDED that if the Lessee fails to insure and keep insured as
 herein provided, the Lessor may, but shall not be hereby be obligated to, effect such insurance
 at the cost and expenses of the Lessee, and any sum so expended to the Lessor shall be added
 to the Rent due on the next succeeding payment date and such amount in addition to the regular
 payment then due shall constitute Rent herunder. 

Quiet
Enjoyment 

38) The
 Lessor must: 

a) not
 interfere with the personal lives, associations, expressions or actions of the Lessee, except
 insofar as permitted under terms and conditions of this Lease; 

b) expressly
 recognize the rights of the Lessee to the quiet enjoyment of the Lands and to the Lessee s
 right of privacy; and 

c) not
 enter into agreements with others in regards to use and occupation of the Lands without written
 approval from the Lessee. 

39) The
 Lessor does not warrant that any service or facility provided by it hereunder will be free
 from interruptions caused or required by maintaince, repairs, renewals, modifications, strikes,
 riots, insurrections, labour controversies, accidents, fuel shortages, governmental intervention,
 force majeure, acts of God, or other cause or causes beyond the Lessor s reasonable
 care and control. No such interruption shall be deemed an eviction or disturbance of the
 Lessee s enjoyment of the Lands nor rendor the Lessor liable in damages to the Lessee
 nor relieve the parties from their obligations under this Lease. 

Subletting
and Assigning 

40) The
 Lessee may not assign or sublet the Lands in whole or in part without the Lessor s
 prior consent in writing, such consent at the unfettered discretion of the Lessor. 

Dispute
Resolution 

41) If
 a breach of this Lease occurs or is threatened, or if there is disagreement as to the meaning
 of this Lease: 

a) either
 the Lessee or the Lessor may give notice to the other parties requiring a meeting of all
 parties for dispute resolution within 5 business days of receipt of the notice; 

b) all
 activities giving rise to an alleged breach, or threatening a breach of this Lease, or giving
 rise to a disagreement as to the meaning of this Lease, must immediately cease upon receipt
 of the notice; 

c) the
 parties must meet and attempt to resolve the dispute, acting reasonably and in good faith,
 within 5 business days of receipt of the notice; 

d) if
 the parties are not able to resolve the matter within that time, the parties may appoint
 a mutually acceptable person to mediate the matter. If the parties are unable to agree on
 the appointment of a mediator within 5 business days after the mediation process is invoked,
 any party may apply to the British Columbia Mediator Roster Society, or its successor, or
 such other organization or person agreed to by the parties in writing, for appointment of
 a mediator. The parties must act reasonably and in good faith and cooperate with the mediator
 and with each other in an attempt to resolve the matter within 5 business days of the appointment
 of the mediator; 

e) the
 cost of the mediation will be borne equally between the parties, which costs will not include
 costs incurred by a party for representation by counsel at the mediation; and 

f) a
 party may not seek to have an alleged breach of this Lease adjudicated in Court until the
 dispute resolution process set out in this clause has concluded, unless both parties agree
 to forego mediation. 

42) In
 the event that the Lessee does not accept the Lessor s rental demand for the term of
 renewal, then the said rate of rent will be determined by the award of three arbitrators
 or a majority of them, one to be named by Lessor and one by the Lessee at least SIXTY (60)
 days before the expiration of the term hereby granted and the two arbitrators thus chosen
 will within SEVEN (7) days after their appointments select a third arbitrator, and their
 award or the award of the majority of them will be made not later than FORTY (40) days before
 the commencement of the renewal term. But in the determining of the rent aforesaid, the arbitrators
 will exclude from the calculations made in such determination the value of improvements made
 to the Premises by the Lessee; provided always that the rate of rent for any period of renewal
 shall not be less than the rate of rent for the preceding term. If the Lessor or Lessee neglects
 or refuses to name its arbitrator within the time hereinbefore limited or to proceed with
 the said arbitrator, then the arbitrator named by the other party will proceed to fix the
 rate of rent to be paid for the ensuing term, and the award of such arbitrator will be final
 and binding on both the Lessor and the Lessee. Such arbitration will otherwise be pursuant
 to the provisions of the Arbitration Act , R.S.B.C. 1996 Chapter 55 as it is from time
 to time amended. 

Lessor s
Expenses Enforcing Lease 

43) In
 the event that it be necessary for the Lessor to retain the service of a solicitor or any
 other proper person for the purpose of assisting the Lessor in enforcing any of its rights
 hereunder in the event of default on the part of the Lessee, the Lessor shall be entitled
 to collect from the Lessee the cost of all such services as if the same were rent reserved
 and in arrears hereunder. 

Non-Waiver

44) If
 the Lessor does not insist upon strict performance of any of the conditions in this Lease
 this is not a waiver or relinquishment for the future of any such condition unless the Lessor
 gives a waiver in writing. The acceptance of any rent or performance of any Lease condition
 by a person other than the Lessee shall not be construed as an admission by the Lessor of
 any right, title or interest of any such persons as a sub-tenant, assignee, transferee or
 otherwise in place and stead of the Lessee. 

Independent
Contractor 

45) The
 Lessor enters into this Lease as an independent contractor and in no sense is the Lessee
 or the Lessee s employees, invitees or agents to be considered an agent of or under
 the control of the Lessor. 

Notice

46) All
 notices, demands and communications hereunder to a party shall be in writing and given by
 personal delivery or by registered mail, postage prepaid, to the address of the party as
 set out on the first page of this Lease or at such address as a party may from time to time
 notify the other in writing, and such notice, demand or communication shall be effective
 as of the day of such personal delivery, or as of TWO (2) days following the date of such
 posting as the case may be. 

General

47) This
 Lease and everything herein contained shall endure to the benefit of and be binding upon
 the heirs, executors, administrators, successors, assigns and other legal representatives,
 as the case may be, of each of the parties hereto, subject to the granting of consent by
 the Lessor to any assignment or sub-lease, and every reference herein to any party hereto
 shall include the heirs, executors, administrators, successors, assigns and other legal representatives
 of such party. 

48) Where
 there is more than one Lessee, the provisions herein shall be read with all grammatical changes
 thereby rendered necessary and all the covenants shall be deemed joint and several. 

49) Amendments
 and alterations to this Lease must be in writing, must be signed by both the Lessee and the
 Lessor and must be appended to this Lease. 

50) In
 the event of an emergency situation the Lessee may use their best judgment to respond to
 the emergency and must notify the Lessor as soon as possible of the actions taken. 

51) The
 parties agree that this Lease does not give rise to a partnership relationship. 

52) The
 parties agree that this Lease will be construed in accordance with, and be governed by, the
 laws of the Province of British Columbia and the laws of Canada applicable thereto. 

53) Notwithstanding
 the termination or expiry of this Lease: 

a) the
 Lessee shall continue to be liable to the Lessor for all outstanding Rent due at the time
 of termination or expiry of this Lease; and 

b) the
 provisions in this Lease under the headings Overholding , Ownership and
 Transfer and Dispute Resolution will continue in effect. 

54) Time
 is of the essence of this Lease. 

55) This
 Lease is the complete and exclusive agreement between the parties and it supersedes all other
 agreements between the parties with respect to the Lands, whether oral or written, including
 any renewals and extensions and restatements. 

Interest 

56) If
 the Lessee does not pay Rent on or before the due dates in this Lease, the Lessee agrees
 to pay interest on the amount of unpaid Rent at the rate of the prime business interest rate
 set by the Bank of Canada, plus 12 . 

THE
LESSOR 

Kathryn
 Atkinson (Landlord) 

Janet Atkinson 
 
 Per: 
 /s/ Kathryn Atkinson 
 
 (Witness) 

THE
LESSEE 

Taste of BC Aquafarms Inc. (Tenant) 

Janet Atkinson 
 
 Per: 
 /s/ Ben Atkinson 
 
 (Witness) 
 
 (President: Ben Atkinson) 

</EX-10.68>

<EX-10.69>
 4
 ex10-69.htm

Exhibit
10.69 

JUSTFOODFORDOGS 

 VENDOR
AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT 

This
 VENDOR AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT (this Agreement effective as of January 28 th , 2023 (the Effective
Date is entered into by and between Blue Star Foods, a Florida corporation having its principal place of business
at Miami, Florida Supplier ), and JUSTFOODFORDOGS, LLC, a California limited liability company Customer ).
Supplier and Customer are referenced to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 

BACKGROUND 

WHEREAS,
 Customer develops, manufactures and distributes dog food and related products; 

WHEREAS,
 Supplier imports, processes and distributes all varieties or seafood from around the world; 

WHEREAS,
 Customer desires to purchase from Supplier certain of Supplier s products, and Supplier is willing to supply such products
to Customer, under the terms and conditions provided herein. 

Now,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises hereinafter forth, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the
Parties agree as follows: 

AGREEMENT 

1.
DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement: 

1.1
 General Specifications means the specifications and requirements for the Products attached hereto as Exhibit B ,
including the Continuing Guarantee attached hereto as Exhibit C . 

1.2
 Inspection Period means: (a) with respect to Products that are semi-perishable, including, but not limited to, dry
spices and frozen meat, a period of one hundred twenty (120) days after delivery of such Products to Customer; and (b) with respect to
Products that are perishable, including, but not limited to, fresh meat and raw food, a period of thirty (30) days after delivery of
such Products to Customer. 

1.3
 Products means the products listed on Exhibit A , which list may be amended from time to time as provided in
 Section 2.7. 

1.4
 Quality Manual means the requirements set forth in the Supplier Quality Expectations Manual attached hereto as Exhibit
D . 

2.
FORECASTING AND ORDERS FOR PRODUCTS. 

2.1
Forecasts. Promptly after the Effective Date, Customer shall provide Supplier a non-binding three (3) month forecast of its purchase
requirements for the Products (hereinafter, a Forecast ). Each month thereafter, Customer shall provide a rolling
six (6) month Forecast of its purchase requirements. Any Forecasts provided by Customer are for planning purposes only and do not constitute
a binding commitment. 

Page 1 

2.2
Ordering. To purchase any Products, Customer may issue purchase orders Purchase Orders via email to Supplier,
which shall specify: (a) the Purchase Order number, (b) a description of the Products to be purchased, (c) the quantity of Products to
be purchased, (d) the per-unit price of the Products, (e) the delivery date for such order, (f) the place(s) to which such Products are
to be shipped, and the method of shipment, and (g) the total price of all Products set forth on such Purchase Order. 

2.3
No Minimum Quantity. Unless otherwise expressly agreed upon in writing by the Parties, Customer is not obligated to purchase any
minimum number of Products (whether in dollars, quantity or otherwise). 

2.4
Supply Obligation. Supplier shall accept, and fulfill its obligations under, any Purchase Order received from Customer and shall
provide Customer with (a) a written acknowledgement of such Purchase Order within twenty-four (24) hours after receiving the Purchase
Order and (b) the shipping date(s) for such Products, which shipping date(s) shall be sufficient to enable Supplier to meet the applicable
delivery date(s) set forth in the Purchase Order. Supplier shall accept any quantities of Products ordered in a particular month to the
extent such quantities equal or are less than the quantity provided in the Forecast applicable to such month. To the extent any quantities
of Products ordered in a particular month by Customer exceed the quantity provided in the Forecast applicable to such month, Supplier
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to supply such quantities of Products. 

2.5
Conflicting Terms. If a Purchase Order, acknowledgement, quotation or any other purchasing document issued by either Party includes
terms or conditions that conflict with or that are in addition to any terms or conditions provided in this Agreement, the conflicting
or additional terms and conditions in the Purchase Order, acknowledgement, quotation; or purchasing document shall be of no effect and
the terms and conditions provided in this Agreement shall govern. 

2.6
Cancellation. Customer may cancel any Purchase Order in whole or in part upon notice to Supplier, if Supplier: (a) fails to deliver
any Product in accordance with specified delivery times, requirements or other specifications, (b) fails to remedy Defective Product
as required under this Agreement within five (5) business days after notice thereof from Customer to Supplier, or (c) fails to comply
with any material provision of, or repudiates or anticipatorily repudiates, this Agreement within thirty (30) days after notice thereof
from Customer to Supplier. Customer may also cancel any Purchase Order without cause upon notice. Upon cancellation pursuant to this
 Section 2.6 , Supplier shall supply the Product for any portion of the Purchase Order not cancelled. 

2.7
Additional Products. From time to time during the term of this Agreement, Customer may purchase from Supplier, and Supplier will
supply to Customer, certain additional products pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Parties may mutually agree
to add any products to or to delete any products from the list of Products provided in Exhibit A by amending Exhibit A 
hereto and revising the General Specifications (if needed) to address such changes to the Products. 

3.
DELIVERY AND ACCEPTANCE; OTHER REQUIREMENTS. 

3.1
Delivery. All deliveries of the Products will be FOB (Free on Board as defined in UCC Section 2-319) Customer s facility specified
in the applicable Purchase Order. Partial shipment must be authorized by Customer. All Products shall be packed for shipment in accordance
with standard commercial practices, acceptable to common carriers for shipment and is adequate to ensure safe arrival, unless otherwise
specified in the General Specifications. Risk of loss of the Products shall pass from Supplier to Customer at the point of delivery. 

Page 2 

3.2
Late Delivery. If Supplier becomes aware of any anticipated delay that would result in a change to the scheduled delivery date, Supplier
will notify Customer immediately and provide reasons for such delay. If delivery does not occur within one (1) day from the agreed delivery
date, and without limiting Customer s other rights available under the law, in equity, or under this Agreement, Customer may: (a)
cancel the Purchase Order without penalty and demand a return or credit of all amounts paid by Customer in connection with such Purchase
Order, (b) require Supplier to reimburse Customer for any penalties imposed on Customer by any third party, and/or (c) request Supplier
and permit Supplier to make such delivery at the earliest possible date with all available methods, including using the premier freight
services. 

3.3
Acceptance. Within the applicable Inspection Period, Customer or its agent will have the right to inspect the delivered Products.
If the Products do not conform to the General Specifications and the Purchase Order Defective Products ), Customer
will provide Supplier a written notice of rejection specifying the nonconformance. Upon rejection of the Products, Customer may: (a)
require Supplier to promptly replace or correct the Defective Products, without charge, (b) correct the Defective Product itself or through
a third party and require Supplier to pay for the cost of such correction with Supplier s prior approval, and/or (c) require Supplier
to reimburse Customer for any amounts paid for such Defective Products and any penalties imposed by Customer s customers as a
result of such Defective Products. Supplier will bear all risk of loss with respect to all Defective Products returned to Supplier and
will promptly pay for or reimburse all costs incurred by Customer to return, store or dispose any Defective Products. If the number of
delivered Products is less than the quantity specified in the Purchase Order, Supplier will promptly deliver to Customer the number of
Products necessary to meet the quantity set forth in the Purchase Order(s) and will pay to Customer any reasonable losses incurred by
Customer by reason of or in connection with its failure to deliver the appropriate quantity of Products. Supplier will bear all risk
of loss with respect to all Defective Products returned to Supplier and will promptly pay for or reimburse all costs incurred by Customer
to return, store or dispose any Defective Products. 

3.4
Recalled Products. Supplier shall further be responsible for any public or private recall, request for recall, or similar action
with respect to any Products delivered hereunder (whether initiated or required by Supplier, Customer, or any third party) (each a Recall ),
and Supplier shall bear any, and all costs and liabilities associated therewith, including all product liabilities and all costs associated
in notifying Customers and handling any Recall. Supplier must immediately notify Customer in writing of any Recall initiated by Supplier
or required by any third party, and of any facts or circumstances which reasonably could be expected to give rise to a Recall. Supplier
shall forward all relevant information in connection with a Recall to Customer promptly, but in no event later than with one (1) day
of Supplier becoming aware of such information. Further, Supplier shall immediately contact Customer in writing and by telephone, as
necessary or advisable, to discuss any consumer safety concerns relating to the affected Products. 

3.5
Packing. Supplier will pack the Products only in containers and other packaging in a manner that meets the specific requirements
in the General Specifications, or a Purchase Order issued hereunder. All shopping cartons or containers for the Products shall bear external
artwork and labeling in accordance with the specifications, including any country-specific customs country of origin marking. 
Supplier will use its best efforts to limit the amount of inventory shrinkage to the packaging materials (it being understood that inventory
shrinkage includes but is not limited to any damage or theft). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Supplier shall be liable for all inventory
shrinkage and shall include negotiated shrinkage allowances into mutually agreed upon pricing models. 

Page 3 

3.6
Special Food Product Quality and Safety Standards. Supplier agrees to comply with all terms and conditions and all applicable information
and regulatory requirements set forth in the General Specifications and the Quality Manual. 

3.7
Supplier Facility. Supplier may store Products at any location selected by Supplier and approved in writing by Customer if (a) all
specifications (including the General Specifications) are met by Supplier with regard to the storage location, and (b) Customer is not
financially or otherwise responsible for transportation of the Products from Supplier s facilities to any outside storage location
or for storage of the Products there. 

3.8
Production Capacity and Resources. Supplier shall reserve the production capacity necessary to meet Customer s needs for Products
based on any volume assumptions in any applicable Forecast or Purchase Order. Customer will provide reasonable advance notice to Supplier
of its projected Product needs if those needs substantially exceed the amounts assumed under the Forecast. Supplier, at its expense,
shall be responsible for providing all resources that are necessary for Supplier to supply the Products in accordance with the General
Specifications. 

4.
PRICES AND PAYMENT 

4.1
Prices. Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in the Purchase Order, acknowledgement, quotation, or purchasing document in a separate
writing, Customer agrees to pay Supplier the price listed in Exhibit A that is applicable to each Product ordered by, delivered to, and
accepted by Customer. 

4.2
Payment. Supplier will submit an invoice directly to Customer Accounts Payable for payment immediately following each shipment of
the Products. The invoice will include: the order number, a description of the Products manufactured, per unit prices and total invoice
price. Payment is to be made in full within (30) days of date of invoice, unless otherwise agreed by the parties in writing. Supplier
will use its best efforts to achieve cost savings for the manufacture of the Products and reduce the prices for the Products by the savings
realized. The Parties will semi-annually review cost reduction efforts undertaken by Supplier. 

4.3
Most Favored Pricing. If Supplier offers any more favorable term or condition (including pricing) to any other company than that
which is offered to Customer for the Products or any products similar thereto then Supplier will extend such favorable terms or conditions
to Customer, and this Agreement and any applicable Purchase Orders will be deemed amended to provide those terms and conditions to Customer.
Any amounts charged to Customer in excess of prices offered by Supplier to any other company or partner for the Products or for any products
similar thereto will promptly be refunded or credited to Customer at Customer s option. 

4.4
Credits. Any credits due to Customer will be applied on the next invoice against amounts then due and owing or, at Customer s
option, refunded immediately upon notice. If any credit is due to Customer after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, Supplier
will pay the amount of the credit to Customer within thirty (30) days after the credit accrues. 

4.5
Taxes. The prices for each Product to be paid to Supplier will be inclusive of all applicable taxes. Supplier will be solely responsible
for and will indemnify and hold Customer harmless from and against, the payment of all taxes (including sales, use, value-added, and
income taxes) and other governmental charges (including customs duties), and any related fines, penalties, and interest, arising from
the performance by Supplier of any services or the payment of fees to Supplier under this Agreement. 

Page 4 

5.
WARRANTIES 

5.1
Mutual Representations and Warranties. Each party represents and warrants to the other Party that the execution, shipment and performance
of this Agreement (a) is within its corporate powers, (b) has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on such Party s
part, and (c) does not and shall not contravene or constitute a default under, and is not and shall not be inconsistent with, any judgment
decree or order, or any contract, agreement, or other undertaking, applicable to such Party. 

5.2
Representations and Warranties by Supplier. Supplier represents and warrants that: (a) it has full right, power, and authority to
supply the Products as required under this Agreement, (b) it has the necessary skills and expe1tise to supply the Products as required
under this Agreement, (c) it and the Products will comply with all laws, regulations, and ordinances applicable thereto (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, all FDA and USDA regulations), (d) the Products will strictly conform to the specifications, requirements, and
other terms in the General Specifications and this Agreement, and have been fully tested to confirm conformity with the same, (e) all
Products shall be free from defects in design, workmanship, material, and manufacture, (f) all Products shall be delivered new and free
from all security interests, liens, and encumbrances of any kind, (g) the Products, at the time of delivery, will not be subject to any
actual or anticipated Recalls, and (h) no Products, including any sale or use of the Products as instructed or marketed by Supplier,
will infringe any intellectual property rights of any third party. Customer has the right to assign one or more of the warranties provided
herein to its customers. Any claim for breach of any warranty provided in clauses (c)-(g) (the Product Warranties shall
be made within twenty-four (24) months after delivery of the applicable Product by Customer to its customer (the Warranty Period ). 

5.3
Remedy. In the event of a breach of the Product Warranties, Customer will notify the Supplier of such breach during the Warranty
Period, and the Supplier will provide a Returned Material Authorization RMA number to Customer. Supplier will
provide the RMA number within five (5) business days after the request for RMA has been made by Customer. Customer will ship the defective
Product to Supplier according to Supplier s instructions (if any are provided) and at Supplier s sole cost. Supplier shall
be responsible for all risk of loss and damage in respect of the defective Product from the time of shipment of such Products back to
Supplier. Further, Supplier shall be responsible for all damages, losses, and liabilities of Customer incurred as a result defective
Products, including but not limited to refunds to customers, penalties imposed by customers, lost profits (including if Customer is unable
to accept an order from a customer as a result of a defective Product), loss of business, transportation and shipping costs, the cost
to Customer of its associates time, systems expenses in processing any Recall, and all other costs associated therewith. At Customer s
option, Supplier will, within thirty (30) days after the Customer notifies Supplier of a breach of a Product Warranty, deliver a new
replacement Product that is in compliance with all Product Warranties or provide to Customer a credit or refund equal to the purchase
price paid by Customer for the defective Product returned. 

Page 5 

5.4
Epidemic Failure. As used herein, Epidemic Failure means a defect that is a warranty failure of the Products
from a single route cause in at least five percent (5 defect according to production specifications and standards of any shipment from
the Supplier. In the event of an Epidemic Failure, all Products of the same type will be presumed defective and in breach of the Product
Warranty and subject to the remedies provided in Section 5.3. In addition, Supplier will provide a corrective action plan, that is reasonably
acceptable to Customer as soon as possible and no later than five (5) business days after notification from Customer and verification
by Supplier of the Epidemic Failure, and Supplier will implement the corrective action plan accepted by Customer (including any de- installation
and re-installation of the Products if requested by Customer) as soon as possible (but no later than [five (5) business days] after approval
by Customer), all at no additional charge to Customer. Customer may cancel or postpone pending Purchase Orders for all Products, pending
implementation of the corrective action plan, without any penalty. To the extent Supplier issues a Recall of any Product, Supplier will
be responsible for all costs incurred by Customer as a result of such recall. 

5.5
Support. Supplier shall provide commercially reasonable support with respect to the Products, at no additional charge. Such support
will include: (i) answering questions concerning recipes, manufacturing, packaging or quality of the Products; or (ii) verification,
analysis, and corrective actions with respect to any defective Products. Support will be available Monday through Friday, excluding holidays,
during normal business hours. 

6.
INDEMNIFICATION; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 

6.1
General Indemnity by Supplier. Supplier will defend, indemnify, and hold Customer and its directors, officers, employees, agents,
and customers harmless from and against any and all third party claims and actions, and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs, and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees, expert witness fees, and court costs) resulting therefrom, directly or indirectly
arising from or relating to (a) any negligence or willful misconduct by Supplier or any of its directors, officers, employees, or agents
in the performance of this Agreement, (b) violation of applicable law by Supplier or breach of this Agreement (including any warranties)
by Supplier, (c) any product liability claims (including manufacturing or design defect claims) related to the Product, and (d) Recalls
(or the failure of Supplier to timely institute a Recall). Supplier may not settle any such claim affecting Customer without Customer s
prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld. 

6.2
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. EXCEPT FOR CUSTOMER S REMEDIES UNDER SECTION 5.3 , SUPPLIER S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS
HEREUNDER, SUPPLIER S RECALL OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AND/OR ARISING OUT OF EITHER PARTY S BREACH OF SECTION 7 HEREOF,
NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY), OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY SPECIAL,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, WHICH IN ANY WAY ARISE OUT OF, RELATE TO, OR ARE A CONSEQUENCE OF
THIS AGREEMENT OR EITHER PARTY S PERFORMANCE OR NONPERFORMANCE HEREUNDER. 

7.
CONFIDENTIALITY. Each Party acknowledges that it may obtain information or materials which the disclosing Party maintains as prop1ietary
and confidential Confidential Information ), including the terms of this Agreement and any Purchase Order (which
are the Confidential Information of Customer). Each Party agrees that it will consider and protect such information as Confidential Information
of the disclosing Party, and that it will not disclose or permit disclosure of such Confidential Information to any third party or use
it except for the benefit of the disclosing Party. Confidential Information shall not include (a) information that is or becomes generally
available to the public, other than as a result of a breach by a Party hereunder; (b) information properly obtained from a completely
independent source; or (c) information which the other Party can demonstrate was independently developed without use of or access to
the disclosing Party s Confidential Information. The duty of confidentiality provided herein shall not apply to information that
a Party is required to disclose by law, provided that such Party gives prompt notice to the disclosing Party and cooperates with the
disclosing Party to protect its Confidential Information, and provided that such disclosure is limited to such disclosure as may be required
by law. 

Page 6 

7.1
Personnel. Customer and Supplier acknowledge and agree that the personnel employed by each in the performance of, or in connection
with, the activities of the Parties contemplated by this Agreement are important assets of the respective companies. Accordingly, at
all times during the term of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, neither Party, without the prior written consent
of the other and except by general advertisement, shall directly or indirectly solicit the employees or the officers of the other (or
of any of their subsidiaries or their affiliates) for employment by them or any of their affiliates or subsidiaries. 

8.
TERM AND TERMINATION 

8.1
Term. The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year Initial
Term ). Thereafter, this Agreement will have an option to renew for additional one (1) year terms, unless either Party
provides a written notice of non-renewal at least forty-five (45) days prior to the end of the then-current term (each, a Renewal
Term , and together with the Initial Tem1, the Term ). In addition, this Agreement may be terminated earlier
pursuant to Sections 8.2 and 8.3 . 

8.2
Termination for Breach. Either Party may terminate this Agreement effective immediately upon providing a written termination notice
to the other Party, if the other Party fails to cure any material breach of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receiving a
written notice of the breach. 

8.3
Termination for Bankruptcy. Either Party may terminate this Agreement, effective immediately by providing a written termination notice
to the other Party, if the other Party dissolves, liquidates, ceases to conduct business, or becomes insolvent or seeks protection pursuant
to any bankruptcy, receivership, trust deed, creditors arrangement or comparable proceeding, or such proceeding is instituted against
such Party and not dismissed within sixty (60) days. 

8.4
Effect upon Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement, (i) Supplier will sell to Customer, and Customer will purchase from
Supplier, all Products included in any Purchase Orders previously accepted by Supplier, unless Customer is terminating the Agreement
under Section 8.2 or Section 8.3 . or unless Customer has canceled any pending Purchase Order under Section 2.6 and
Customer does not wish to purchase the applicable Products. Any termination of this Agreement for any reason will not affect any rights
or liabilities of either Party which may have accrued prior to the date of termination. 

8.5
Survival . Any terms and conditions that by their nature or otherwise reasonably should survive any termination of this Agreement
shall be deemed to survive. Such terms and conditions include Sections 1, 3.4, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 6, 7, 8.4, 8.5 , and 9. 

Page 7 

9.
GENERAL 

9.1
Governing Law and Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of California, excluding its conflicts
of law rules. Any suit arising out of this Agreement, at law or in equity, shall be brought in a state or federal court in Los Angeles
County, California. Each Party consents to personal jurisdiction in the above courts. Supplier further consents to such venue as Customer
selects in any of such courts. U.N. Convention on International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement. 

9.2
Assignment. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their permitted successors and
assigns. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither this Agreement, nor any rights or obligations hereunder, may be assigned or otherwise
transferred by either party without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, provided,
Customer may assign, without prior written consent, all or any of its rights or delegate all or any of its obligations under this Agreement
to an affiliate of Customer or to a third party in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of Customer s related assets
or business . Any other attempted assignment or transfer without prior written consent will be voidable at the option of the non-consenting
party. 

9.3
Waiver. Except as specifically provided for herein, the waiver from time to tin1e by either Party of any right or failure to exercise
any remedy shall not operate or be construed as a continuing waiver of the same right or remedy or of any other of such Party s
rights or remedies provided under this Agreement. All waivers provided under this Agreement must be in writing. 

9.4
Independent Contractors. It is expressly agreed that the Parties shall be independent contractors and that the relationship between
the Parties shall not constitute a partnership, joint venture or agency of any kind. Neither Party shall have the authority to make any
statements, representations or commitments of any kind, or to take any action, which shall be binding on the other Party, without the
prior written consent of the other Party. 

9.5
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

9.6
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable,
then such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under
applicable law and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect. 

9.7
Notice. Unless otherwise stated herein, any notice, approval, authorization, consent, or other communication required or permitted
to be delivered to either Party under this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed properly delivered, given, and received (i)
when delivered by hand, (ii) [three (3) business days] after delivered by international courier or express shipment service, or (iii)
when sent by facsimile with confirmation of transmission, to the address or facsimile number set fo1th beneath the name of such Party
below (or to such other address or facsimile number as such Party may have specified in a written notice to the other Party). 

9.8
Rights and Remedies Cumulative. The Parties rights and remedies under this Agreement are cumulative. Each Party acknowledges
and agrees that an actual or threatened breach of any of the provisions contained in this Agreement may result in immediate, irreparable
and continuing damage to the non-breaching Party for which there may be no adequate remedy at law, and the non-breaching Party may apply
to any court of competent jurisdiction for specific performance or injunctive relief to enforce or prevent any breach of the provisions
of this Agreement. 

9.9
Insurance. Supplier agrees to maintain insurance coverage that is adequate to insure against its potential liabilities under this
Agreement throughout the term of this Agreement, including without limitation, excess liability umbrella coverage in the amount of 5,000,000
USD, and Supplier agrees to name Customer as an additional insured in any such policy and provide a copy of the policy listing Customer
as an additional insured to Customer upon request. 

9.10
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including any exhibits or schedules hereto), any quotation provided by Supplier and any Purchase
Order provided by Customer (excluding any terms and conditions therein which conflict with or are additional to the terms and conditions
provided herein) set forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and
supersedes and terminates all prior agreements and understandings between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except
as expressly set fo1th in this Agreement, no subsequent amendment, modification or addition to this Agreement shall be binding upon the
Parties hereto unless reduced to writing and signed by the respective auth01ized officers of the Parties. 

9.11
Quarterly Business Review Meetings . To ensure a successful partnership and to ensure that all contractual requirements and obligations
are met for both parties, the parties agree to hold quarterly business review meetings, to be scheduled no later than 30 days following
the close of each business quarter. Parties agree to a standard agenda and a protocol for addressing and resolving any issues arising
from these meetings. 

[Signature
page follows.] 

Page 8 

IN
WITNESS W HEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 

/s/ John
 Keeler 

/s/ Alberto
 Andrade 
 
 Name: 
 John
 Keeler 
 
 Name: 
 Alberto
 Andrade 

Title:
 
 CEO 
 
 Title: 
 Chief
 Supply Chain Officer 

Date: 
 1/28/2023 
 
 Date: 
 1/28/2023 

Page 9 

EXHIBIT
A 

LIST
OF PRODUCTS/SUPPLIES AND PRICING 

Product
Description : 

 CONFIDENTIAL 

Estimated
Annual Demand of 1.8M lbs., including 2 extra containers used as back up. 

Quarterly
Delivery Projections (Add 2 additional containers upfront to keep as back up) 

Q1
= 22 = 370,000 lbs. + 2 additional containers, or 80,000 lbs. 

Q2
= 24 = 410,000 lbs. 

Q3
= 26 = 450,000 lbs. 

Q4
= 28 = 500,000 lbs. 

Includes
2 additional containers as safety stock / backup to be kept in Gloucester, MA 

Customer
will have the right to buy, but not the obligation (call option) up to another 800,000 lbs. at the same price before the end of the
initial contract term. 

Recovery
/ Yield: Water content at 10-14 

Pricing:
Open book cost plus formula defined as follows 

CONFIDENTIAL 

Page 10 

EXHIBIT
B 

JUSTFOODFORDOGS
GENERAL SPECIFICATIONS 

JustFoodForDogs
(JFFD) requires that all purchased ingredients conform to all regulatory requirements and all specified requirements. All shipments must
meet the criteria in the applicable specifications set forth in the corresponding Purchase Order, as well as in this General
Specification unless otherwise stated and agreed to, in writing, by Juanita s Foods. 

1.0
General Conditions 

All
 purchased ingredients must be procured from an approved supplier facility. 

Suppliers
 will be identified based on their ability to meet all specified requirements, including the capability to consistently deliver materials
 that meet JFFD s specifications or other agreed upon requirements. 

All
 suppliers must be approved utilizing the appropriate supplier approval process. Suppliers are approved for each manufacturing site
 (no blanket approvals). Each supplier must also be approved based upon specific ingredient specifications. 

Samples
 from each shipment may be examined by JFFD to ensure continued compliance with specifications. JFFD reserves the right to reject
 those shipments that do not comply with specifications or exhibit damage. All materials must comply with all applicable federal and
 state pure food laws, must not be adulterated, or misbranded within the meaning of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act as amended,
 must not be articles which may not, under the provisions of Section 404 of the Act, be introduced into interstate commerce,
 and must be free from microorganisms, including food borne pathogens, foreign materials, and chemicals which make the materials unsuitable
 for processing. Suppliers must supply a Continuing Guarantee (pursuant to 21 CPR 7.13) in writing to JFFD. 

Suppliers
 may be required to provide a Certificate of Analysis or Certificate of Conformity on each shipment or prior to each delivery. 

2.0
Regulatory 

Suppliers
 must provide Customer with any information necessary to ensure that Customer is fully knowledgeable about the raw materials, ingredients
 and processing techniques used in and with regard to, and services rendered in connection with, the Products. 

Suppliers
 must supply accurate and up-to-date labeling, nutrition and allergen information for all ingredients purchased. 

All
 ingredients must be food grade and comply with the latest addition of the Food Chemical Codex, and all USDA /FDA regulations. 

Suppliers
 must employ best practices with regard to its own quality and safety practices, including with regard to the selection, monitoring
 and auditing of third parties involved in the production of the Products. 

Suppliers
 must comply with all other USDA/FDA regulations. 

3.0
Microbiological Control 

Supplier
 must have effective monitoring, detection and control systems in place to ensure all ingredients and their components are safe and
 wholesome. 

Suppliers
 of Salmonella and any other pathogenic sensitive ingredients shall have a written program for routine environmental monitoring. Routine
 environmental testing of indicator organisms is recommended at a minimum for all product contact zones. 

Page 11 

4.0
Foreign Material/Adulteration/Chemical Control 

Good
 manufacturing practices must be in place to ensure that all ingredient shipments are free of foreign material, chemicals, infestation
 and rodent contamination. 

Ingredients
 must be handled such that cross contact with other ingredients is prevented. This is critical for allergen and microbiological control.
 All incidental additives and processing aids must be declared and included in the ingredient listing provided. Supplier shall have
 effective monitoring devices in place to ensure raw materials and finished products are not contaminated with metal. A metal detector
 and magnets should be used, located as close to the end of the process as feasible, and have an automatic reject or stopping mechanism.
 The metal detection system shall be calibrated for effective rejection and tested routinely through a normal production process. 

Ingredients
 obtained from raw agricultural commodities must comply with the defect action levels for pesticide residues, mycotoxins, chemicals
 and extraneous matter as outlined by the FDA/USDA. 

5.0
Labeling 

All
 incoming ingredient containers must be labeled with the following (to the extent applicable): (a) JustFoodForDogs; (b) product name;
 (c) manufacturing date and/or best by date; (d) item number/SKU; (e) ingredient statement; (f) allergen declaration
 if applicable; (g) sensitive ingredient declaration if applicable; (h) net weight; (i) USDA establishment number (if poultry or meat);
 g) corresponding LOT number and h) safe handling and storage information. 

6.0
Age at Receipt 

JFFD
 requires freshly manufactured ingredients in order to maintain the flavor quality of our products throughout their shelf life. Our
 requirement is that all ingredients have a minimum of 75 shelf life remaining at receipt. 

7.0
Pre-shipment samples 

The
 supplier may be required to submit pre-shipment samples to JFFD as defined in each respective raw material specification or Purchase
 Order. Once the pre-shipment sample is approved by Quality Assurance, the product is pre-approved to be shipped to JFFD. 

8.0
Shipping 

The
 Bill of Lading/packing slip accompanying the delivery must be labeled with the following (to the extent applicable): (a) JustFoodForDogs;
 (b) product name; (c) manufacturing date and/or best by date; (d) item number/SKU; (e) ingredient statement; (f) allergen
 declaration if applicable; (g) sensitive ingredient declaration if applicable; (h) net weight; (i) USDA establishment number (if
 poultry or meat); (j) corresponding LOT number; and (j) safe handling and storage information. 

All
 incoming deliveries must be delivered within the ship date window on the Purchase Order. 

Raw
 materials and products shipped to JFFD shall be shipped under conditions that will protect the food against physical, chemical and
 microbiological contamination. The integrity of the raw material or finished product shall be shipped at a temperature that maintains
 the integrity of the raw material/finished product. 

Carriers/trailers
 shall be clean and free from odors. Carriers/trailers may not be used that previously hauled hazardous goods. It is imperative that
 no off odors or off flavors are imparted on the materials. 

Incoming
 shipments must be delivered on pallets. The pallets used must be clean with no signs of pests, dirt or damage. They must be Grade
 A 40 x48 pallets. 

Page 12 

9.0
Food Security 

All
 ingredients arriving in less than truckload quantities or parcel shipments must arrive with tamper evident packaging (i.e., heat
 sealed liners, tamper evident tape, etc.). 

All
 full truckloads including dry vans, refrigerated bucks, and tankers must have a tamper evident unique seal attached to all openings.
 This includes but is not limited to doors, vents and valves. The seal numbers must be written in ink on the original Bill of Lading
 and must be signed by the shipper. The seal number written on the Bill of Lading must match the number on the seal attached
 to the vehicle opening. All seals must be opened by authorized Just Foods for Dogs personnel only. JFFD reserves the right to reject
 shipments that are not sealed or have seals that do not match the paperwork. 

10.0
Facility Approval and Inspection 

Supplier s
 manufacturing sites and warehouses will be subject to prearranged audits by authorized JFFD personnel or a designated third-party
 auditor. 

11.0
Notification 

Suppliers
 must notify JFFD within 24 hours in the event of a potential food safety, regulatory or quality issue that poses a threat to JFFD.
 This includes but is not limited to adulteration, pathogenic bacteria, foreign matter contamination, undeclared allergens, mis-branded
 product, product recalls or voluntary market withdrawals impacting JFFD. 

All
 products must be produced using the same ingredients and manufacturing process as the prototype samples provided by Supplier during
 the approval process. The supplier must notify JFFD, in writing, of any changes 60 days prior to implementation. Such changes may
 potentially affect the specifications, regulatory status, or overall quality of the product, and therefore must be approved by JFFD.
 Examples include but are not limited to change in production equipment, manufacturing site, different packaging materials or raw
 material vendor. 

12.0
Supplier Information Request Packets 

SUPPLIER
must submit to Customer all the required documents included in the Supplier Information Request Packet and must promptly notify Customer
of any updates or changes to such documents. Supplier must represent and warrant that all such documents are accurate and complete. Documents
required pursuant to the Supplier Information Request Packet include, without limitation: 

Letter of Continuing Product Guarantee 

Certificate of Liability Insurance and Indemnity Agreement 

Ce1iificate of Origin and Country of Origin 

Coding Explanation of Lot Codes 

Product Technical Data Sheet 

Technical data information for each food ingredient to include ingredient specification, allergen statement, microbiological specifications, shelf life, etc. 

Safety Data Sheet (SDS) (if applicable) 

Food Safety GMP Audit Report t or Copy of GFSI Certification or Food Safety Plan (HACCP) 

This
 includes last 2 Third-Party Audit Reports or Certificates/ current GFSI Ce1tificate if ce1iified. 

Food Defense Statement/Bioterrorism Statement 

GMO Statement Plan 

Company Contact List 

Page 13 

EXHIBIT
C 

CONTINUING
FOOD GUARANTEE 

13.0
Food Guarantee 

SUPPLIER
guarantees that all raw materials, ingredients, finished foods and food contact substances (Products) grown, processed, manufactured,
stored, shipped and/ or delivered to, for, or on behalf of _______ pursuant to this Agreement shall be, as of the date of shipment or
delivery: 

(a)
not adulterated or misbranded within the meaning of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD C Act) and implementing regulations,
including the Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA), or of any state food law and regulations, the adulteration and misbranding provisions
of which are substantially the same as those in the FD C Act, regardless of whether SUPPLIER is exempt from such federal and state
requirements. 

(b)
not otherwise in violation of the FD C Act including FSMA, or comparable requirements of state law, including recordkeeping, regardless
of whether SUPPLIER is exempt. 

(c)
not articles which may not, under the provisions of Section 404 or 505 of the FD C Act, be introduced into interstate commerce. 

(d)
in compliance with all federal and state guidelines applicable to the growing, handling, processing, manufacturing, storage and transportation
of the Products, including but not limited to applicable requirements promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA), and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA); 

(e)
for Products to be marketed as organic, in compliance with the requirements of the National Organic Program. 

(f)
to the best of SUPPLIER s knowledge, not subject to the warning requirement of California s Safe Drinking Water and Toxic
Enforcement Act of 1986 (Proposition 65). 

13.1
FSMA s Foreign Supplier Verification Program (FSVP) 

For
purposes of FSMA s Foreign Supplier Verification Program, if applicable, an importer is the U.S. owner or consignee of an article
of food (raw materials, ingredients, finished food or food contact substances) being offered for import into the United States or, if
there is no such entity at the time of entry, the U.S. agent or representative of the foreign owner or consignee, as confirmed in a signed
statement of consent. This definition is intended to ensure that an entity with a financial interest in the food, and with knowledge
about the supply chain, is responsible for FSVP compliance. If SUPPLIER is the importer of a particular imported Product covered under
this Agreement, SUPPLIER will so notify CUSTOMER in writing. Otherwise, SUPPLIER guarantees that it will perform the functions of an
importer under FSVP for Products that it provides to CUSTOMER, and guarantees compliance with FSVP requirements, including but not limited
to the following: 

(a)
Develop, maintain, and follow a written FSVP for each Product imported into the United States, regarding each foreign supplier of the
Product. 

(b)
Verify that the foreign suppliers are producing food in a manner that provides the same level of public health protection as the FSMA
preventive controls or produce safety regulations (unless the food safety system of the foreign country has been recognized by FDA as
comparable to the United States system, in which case modified requirements apply to certain foods). 

(c)
Verify that each Product is not adulterated and is not misbranded with respect to allergen labeling). 

(d)
Determine and conduct appropriate supplier verification activities, approve or reject suppliers accordingly, and document verification
activities as required under the FSVP. 

(e)
Evaluate the risk posed by the imported food and the supplier s performance: i) at least once every three years, ii) When new information
comes to light about a potential hazard or the foreign supplier s performance, or iii) at the written request of CUSTOMER. 

If,
however, SUPPLIER obtains imported Products covered by this Agreement from another entity that is the importer for purposes of the FSVP,
SUPPLIER shall ensure that the importer complies fully with the FSVP requirements, by means of a binding Continuing Food Guarantee and
Indemnification Agreement between the SUPPLIER and the importer, which contains provisions comparable to this Agreement. Supplier remains
liable under this Agreement regardless of whether an entity which a supplier to SUPPLIER is the importer under FSMA. 

The
FSVP requirements are not intended to replace, supersede or otherwise render unnecessary any other applicable legal or regulatory requirements,
guidance, or other directives that may apply to SUPPLIER s activities now or in the future. It is your responsibility as our vendor
to understand the legal/regulatory requirements applicable to your operations and to confirm compliance, with respect to any potential
impact on the Products. 

13.2 Notification of Government Action 

Each
party shall inform the other party, promptly in writing, of any voluntary recall or stock recovery, or of any enforcement action or warning
by a government authority regarding Products covered by this Agreement that may present a potential health risk, including mandatory
recall, injunction, or seizure 

Page 14 

EXHIBIT
D 

SUPPLIER
QUALITY EXPECTATIONS MANUAL 

Attached. 

Page 15 

</EX-10.69>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
John Keeler, certify that: 

1.
 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blue Star Foods Corp., a Delaware corporation, for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have; 

(a)
 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d)
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent
 quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter) covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
 affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a)
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b)
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 John Keeler 

John
 Keeler 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Executive Chairman 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Silvia Alana, certify that: 

1.
 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blue Star Foods Corp., a Delaware corporation, for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have; 

(a)
 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d)
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent
 quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter) covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
 affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a)
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b)
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Silvia Alana 

Silvia
 Alana 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blue Star Foods Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), for the
year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I,
John Keeler, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that; 

(1)
 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By 
 /s/
 John Keeler 

Name:
 
 John
 Keeler 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Executive Chairman 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blue Star Foods Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), for the
year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I,
Silvia Alana, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that; 

(1)
 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ Silvia
 Alana 

Name:
 
 Silvia
 Alana 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 bsfc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 bsfc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 bsfc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 bsfc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

