<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230523_10-K_edgar_data_17313_0000017313-23-000025.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>45902061</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>424051</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4310393</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15404188</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>10145842</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>15002115</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000017313-23-000025.hdr.sgml : 20230523
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230523165852
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000017313-23-000025
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230523
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230523

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000017313
		IRS NUMBER:				751072796
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00061
		FILM NUMBER:		23949614

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8333 DOUGLAS AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75225
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2142385700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8333 DOUGLAS AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75225

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000017313-23-000025.txt : 20230523

10-K
 1
 cswc-20230331.htm
 10-K

cswc-20230331 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code : ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 x Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effective of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15.U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of September 30, 2022 was based on the last sale price of such stock as quoted by The Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date. 
 
 The number of shares of common stock, 0.25 par value per share, outstanding as of May 19, 2023 was . 

1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Page Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 42 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 43 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 44 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 49 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 50 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 65 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 67 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 158 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 158 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 159 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 160 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 161 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 161 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 161 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 161 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 161 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 162 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 166 
 Signatures 
 167 

2 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations and future performance (including the internal rate of return to the Company). Any such forward-looking statements may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations are generally identifiable by use of the words may, predict, will, continue, likely, would, could, should, expect, anticipate, potential, estimate, indicate, seek, believe, target, intend, plan, or project or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are based on assumptions that may be incorrect, and we cannot assure you that the projections included in these forward-looking statements will come to pass. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We believe these factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 our future operating results; 
 market conditions and our ability to access debt and equity capital and our ability to manage our capital resources effectively; 
 the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of our existing and prospective portfolio companies; 
 the financial condition and ability of our existing and prospective portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 
 our ability to recover unrealized losses; 
 our expected financings and investments; 
 our contractual arrangements and other relationships with third parties; 
 the impact of interest rate volatility, including the decommissioning of LIBOR, and inflation on our business and our portfolio companies; 
 the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our business; 
 our ability to operate as a business development company and to qualify and maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company, including the impact of changes in laws or regulations, including the tax reform, governing our operations or the operations of our portfolio companies; 
 our ability to operate our wholly owned subsidiary, Capital Southwest SBIC I, LP, as a small business investment company; 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 
 the impact of supply chain disruptions and labor shortages on our portfolio companies; 
 changes in laws and regulations, changes in political, economic or industry conditions, and changes in the interest rate environment or other conditions affecting the financial and capital markets, including changes resulting from or in response to, or potentially even the absence of changes as a result of, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 our ability to successfully invest any capital raised in an offering; 
 the return or impact of current and future investments; 
 the performance and the valuation of our investments in portfolio companies, particularly those having no liquid trading market; 
 our regulatory structure and tax treatment; and 
 the timing, form and amount of any dividend distributions. 
 
 For a discussion of these and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report, please see the discussion under Risk Factors in Item 1A. 
 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on information available to us on the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and you should carefully consider all of the factors identified in this report that could cause actual results to differ. We assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements, unless we are required to do so by applicable law. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 

ORGANIZATION 
 
 Capital Southwest Corporation we, our, us, CSWC, or the Company ), a Texas corporation, is an internally managed closed-end, non-diversified investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company, or BDC, under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the 1940 Act. Because CSWC is internally managed, all of the executive officers and other employees are employed by CSWC. Therefore, CSWC does not pay any external investment advisory fees, but instead directly incurs the operating costs associated with employing investment and portfolio management professionals. 
 
 Since September 30, 2015, we have pursued a credit-focused investing strategy. We specialize in providing customized financing to middle market companies in a broad range of industry segments located primarily in the United States. We invest primarily in debt securities, including senior debt and second lien, and also invest in preferred stock and common stock alongside our debt investments or through warrants. Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol CSWC. 
 
 As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For instance, we generally have to invest at least 70 of our assets in qualifying assets, including securities of private or thinly traded public U.S. companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and high quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. In addition, effective April 25, 2019, we are allowed to borrow money such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 after such borrowing. Additionally, the Board of Directors approved a resolution that limits the Company's issuance of senior securities such that the asset coverage ratio, taking into account any such issuance, would not be less than 166 , at any time after the effective date. 
 
 We have elected, and intend to qualify annually, to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a regulated investment company, or RIC, under Subchapter M of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. As such, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on any ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our shareholders as dividends. To continue to maintain our RIC tax treatment, we must meet specified source-of-income and asset diversification requirements and distribute annually at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax, and possibly a 4 U.S. federal excise tax, on any income that we do not timely distribute to our shareholders. Our U.S. federal income tax liability may be reduced to the extent that we make certain distributions during the following calendar year and satisfy other procedural requirements. 
 
 CSWC has a direct wholly owned subsidiary that has elected to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the Taxable Subsidiary ). The primary purpose of the Taxable Subsidiary is to permit us to hold certain interests in portfolio companies that are organized as limited liability companies, or LLCs (or other forms of pass-through entities) and still allow us to satisfy the RIC tax requirement that at least 90 of our gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes must consist of qualifying investment income. The Taxable Subsidiary is subject to U.S. federal income tax at normal corporate tax rates based on its taxable income. 
 
 On April 20, 2021, our wholly owned subsidiary, Capital Southwest SBIC I, LP SBIC I received a license from the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA to operate as an SBIC under Section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended. SBIC I has an investment strategy substantially similar to ours and makes similar types of investments in accordance with SBA regulations. SBIC I and its general partner are consolidated for U.S. GAAP reporting purposes, and the portfolio investments held by it are included in the consolidated financial statements. See Regulation as a Small Business Investment Company below for more information about the regulations applicable to SBIC I. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 8333 Douglas Avenue, Suite 1100, Dallas, Texas 75225. We maintain a website at www.capitalsouthwest.com. You can review the filings we have made with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, free of charge on EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval System of the SEC, accessible at www.sec.gov. We also make available free of charge on our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, any amendments to those reports and any other reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing these reports with the SEC. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference into 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 this Annual Report on Form 10-K and you should not consider that information to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The charters adopted by the committees of our Board of Directors are also available on our website. 

OVERVIEW OF OUR BUSINESS 
 
 We are an internally managed closed-end, non-diversified investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. We specialize in providing customized debt and equity financing to lower middle market, or LMM, companies and debt capital to upper middle market, or UMM, companies in a broad range of investment segments located primarily in the United States. Our investment objective is to produce attractive risk-adjusted returns by generating current income from our debt investments and capital appreciation from our equity and equity related investments. Our investment strategy is to partner with business owners, management teams and financial sponsors to provide flexible financing solutions to fund growth, changes of control, or other corporate events. We invest primarily in senior debt securities, secured by security interests in portfolio company assets. We also invest in equity interests in our portfolio companies alongside our debt securities. 
 
 We focus on investing in companies with histories of generating revenues and positive cash flow, established market positions and proven management teams with strong operating discipline. Our core business is to target senior debt investments and equity investments in LMM companies. We also opportunistically target first and second lien loans in UMM companies. Our target LMM companies generally have annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, between 3.0 million and 20.0 million, and our LMM investments generally range in size from 5.0 million to 35.0 million. Our UMM investments generally include first and second lien loans in companies with EBITDA generally greater than 20.0 million, and our UMM investments typically range in size from 5.0 million to 20.0 million. 
 
 We seek to fill the financing gap for LMM companies, which historically have had more limited access to financing from commercial banks and other traditional sources. The underserved nature of the LMM creates the opportunity for us to meet the financing needs of LMM companies while also negotiating favorable transaction terms and equity participation. Our ability to invest across a LMM company s capital structure, from secured loans to equity securities, allows us to offer portfolio companies a comprehensive suite of financing options. Providing customized financing solutions is important to LMM companies. We generally seek to partner directly with financial sponsors, entrepreneurs, management teams and business owners in making our investments. Our LMM debt investments typically include senior loans with a first lien on the assets of the portfolio company. Our LMM debt investments typically have a term of between five and seven years from the original investment date. We also often seek to invest in the equity securities of our LMM portfolio companies. 
 
 Our investments in UMM companies primarily consist of direct investments in or secondary purchases of interest bearing debt securities in privately held companies that are generally larger in size than the LMM companies included in our portfolio. Our UMM debt investments are generally secured by either a first or second priority lien on the assets of the portfolio company and typically have an expected duration between three and seven years from the original investment date. 
 
 We offer managerial assistance to our portfolio companies and provide them access to our investment experience, direct industry expertise and contacts. Our obligation to offer to make available significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies is consistent with our belief that providing managerial assistance to a portfolio company is important to its business development activities. 
 
 Because we are internally managed, we do not pay any external investment advisory fees, but instead directly incur the operating costs associated with employing investment and portfolio management professionals. We believe that our internally managed structure provides us with a beneficial operating expense structure when compared to other publicly traded and privately held investment firms that are externally managed, and our internally managed structure allows us the opportunity to leverage our non-interest operating expenses as we grow our investment portfolio. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 On March 31, 2023, Moody's Investors Service, Inc. assigned CSWC an investment grade long-term issuer rating of Baa3 with a stable outlook. 
 
 On April 26, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a total dividend of 0.59 per share, comprised of a regular dividend of 0.54 and a supplemental dividend of 0.05, for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. The record date for the dividend is June 15, 2023. The payment date for the dividend is June 30, 2023. 
 
 On April 26, 2023, pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, the Board of Directors designated a committee of certain officers of the Company as the Board's valuation designee (the Valuation Designee to determine the fair value of the 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Company's investments that do not have readily available market quotations, subject to the oversight of the Board of Directors, effective beginning as of the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2023. 
 
 Our Investment Strategy 
 
 We intend to achieve our investment objective of producing attractive risk-adjusted returns by generating current income from our debt investments and realizing capital appreciation from our equity and equity-related investments. We have adopted the following investment strategies to achieve our investment objective: 
 
 Leveraging the Experience of Our Management Team . Our senior management team has extensive experience investing in and lending to middle market companies across changing market cycles. The members of our management team have diverse investment backgrounds, with prior experience at BDCs in the capacity of senior officers. We believe this extensive experience provides us with an in-depth understanding of the strategic, financial and operational challenges and opportunities of the middle market companies in which we invest. We believe this understanding allows us to select and structure better investments and to efficiently monitor and provide managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. 
 
 Applying Rigorous Underwriting Policies and Active Portfolio Management . Our senior management team has implemented rigorous underwriting policies that are followed in each transaction. These policies include a thorough analysis of each potential portfolio company s competitive position, financial performance, management team operating discipline, growth potential and industry attractiveness, which we believe allows us to better assess the company s prospects. After investing in a company, we monitor the investment closely, typically receiving monthly, quarterly and annual financial statements. Senior management, together with the deal team and accounting and finance departments, generally meets at least quarterly to analyze and discuss in detail the company s financial performance and industry trends. We believe that our initial and ongoing portfolio review process allows us to effectively monitor the performance and prospects of our portfolio companies. 
 
 Investing Across Multiple Companies, Industries, Regions and End Markets . We seek to maintain a portfolio of investments that is appropriately diverse among various companies, industries, geographic regions and end markets. This portfolio balance is intended to mitigate the potential effects of negative economic events for particular companies, regions, industries and end markets. However, we may from time to time hold securities of an individual portfolio company that comprise more than 5 of our total assets and/or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the portfolio company. For that reason, we are classified as a non-diversified investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. 
 
 Utilizing Long-Standing Relationships to Source Deals . Our senior management team and investment professionals maintain extensive relationships with entrepreneurs, financial sponsors, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, commercial bankers and other non-bank providers of capital who refer prospective portfolio companies to us. These relationships historically have generated significant investment opportunities. We believe that our network of relationships will continue to produce attractive investment opportunities. 
 
 Focusing on Underserved Markets . The middle market has traditionally been underserved. We believe that operating margin and growth pressures, as well as regulatory concerns, have caused many financial institutions to de-emphasize services to middle market companies in favor of larger corporate clients and more liquid capital market transactions. We also invest in securities that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. We believe these dynamics have resulted in the financing market for middle market companies being underserved, providing us with greater investment opportunities. 
 
 Focus on Established Companies . We generally invest in companies with established market positions, proven management teams with strong operating discipline, histories of generating revenues, and recurring cash flow streams. We believe that those companies generally possess better risk adjusted return profiles than earlier stage companies that are building their management teams and establishing their revenue base. We also believe that established companies in our target size range generally provide opportunities for capital appreciation. 
 
 Capital Structures Appropriate for Potential Industry and Business Volatility. Our investment team spends significant time understanding the performance of both the target portfolio company and its specific industry throughout a full economic cycle. The history of each specific industry and target portfolio company will demonstrate a different level of potential volatility in financial performance. We seek to understand this dynamic thoroughly and invest our 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 capital at leverage levels in the capital structure that will remain within enterprise value and in securities that will receive interest payments if such downside volatility were to occur. 
 
 Providing Customized Financing Solutions . We offer a variety of financing structures and have the flexibility to structure our investments to meet the needs of our portfolio companies. We primarily invest in senior debt securities coupled with equity interests. We believe our ability to customize financing structures makes us an attractive partner to middle market companies. 

5 

Table of Contents 

Determination of Net Asset Value 
 
 Quarterly Determinations 
 
 We determine our net asset value, or NAV, per share on a quarterly basis. The NAV per share is equal to our total assets minus liabilities divided by the total number of shares of common stock outstanding. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

We determine in good faith the fair value of our portfolio investments pursuant to a valuation policy in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820 and a valuation process approved by our Board of Directors and in accordance with the 1940 Act. Our valuation policy is intended to provide a consistent basis for determining the fair value of the portfolio. 
 
 We undertake a multi-step valuation process each quarter in connection with determining the fair value of our investments. The valuation process is led by the finance department in conjunction with the investment teams and senior management. Valuations of each portfolio security are prepared quarterly by the finance department using updated portfolio company financial and operational information. Each investment valuation is also subject to review by the executive officers and investment teams. 
 
 In conjunction with the internal valuation process, we have engaged multiple independent consulting firms that specialize in financial due diligence, valuation and business advisory services to provide third-party valuation reviews of the majority of our investments on a quarterly basis. As of March 31, 2023, our Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for overseeing, reviewing and approving, in good faith, our determination of the fair value of each investment in our portfolio. Beginning as of the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2023, pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, the Board of Directors has designated a valuation committee comprised of certain officers of the Company (the "Valuation Committee") as its valuation designee to determine the fair value of the Company's investments that do not have readily available market quotations, subject to the oversight of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Determinations in Connection with our Offerings 
 
 The 1940 Act prohibits us from selling shares of our common stock at a price below the current NAV per share of such stock, with certain exceptions. One such exception is prior shareholder approval of issuances below current NAV per share, provided that our Board of Directors determines that such sale is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. We do not intend to seek shareholder authorization to sell shares of our common stock below the then current NAV per share of our common stock at our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. However, in the event we change our position, we will seek requisite approval of our shareholders. 
 
 In connection with each offering of shares of our common stock, our Valuation Committee is required by the 1940 Act to make the determination of whether we are selling shares of our common stock at a price below our then current NAV at the time at which the sale is made, subject to the oversight of the Board of Directors. Our Valuation Committee considers the following factors, among others, in making such determination: 
 
 the NAV of our common stock disclosed in the most recent periodic report we filed with the SEC; 
 our management s assessment of whether any material change in the NAV has occurred (including through the realization of net gains on the sale of our investments) from the period beginning on the date of the most recently disclosed NAV per share of our common stock and ending as of a time within 48 hours (excluding Sundays and holidays) of the sale of our common stock; and 
 the magnitude of the difference between (i) a value that our Valuation Committee has determined reflects the current (as of a time within 48 hours, excluding Sundays and holidays) NAV of our common stock, which is based upon the NAV disclosed in the most recent periodic report we filed with the SEC, as adjusted to reflect our management s assessment of any material change in the NAV since the date of the most recently disclosed NAV, and (ii) the offering price of the shares of our common stock in the proposed offering. 
 
 Moreover, to the extent that there is even a remote possibility that we may (i) issue shares of our common stock at a price below the then current NAV of our common stock at the time at which the sale is made or (ii) trigger the undertaking (which we would provide to the SEC) to suspend the offering of shares of our common stock if the NAV fluctuates by certain amounts in certain circumstances, our Valuation Committee will elect, in the case of clause (i) above, either to postpone the offering until such time that there is no longer the possibility of the occurrence of such event or to undertake to determine NAV within two days prior to any such sale to ensure that such sale will not be below our then current NAV, and, in the case of clause (ii) above, to comply with such undertaking or to undertake to determine NAV to ensure that such undertaking has not been triggered. 
 These processes and procedures are part of our compliance policies and procedures. Records are made contemporaneously with all determinations described in this section and these records are maintained with other records we are required to maintain under the 1940 Act. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 COMPETITION 
 
 We compete for attractive investment opportunities with other financial institutions, including BDCs, junior capital lenders, and banks. We believe we are able to be competitive with these entities primarily on the basis of the experience and contacts of our management team and our responsive and efficient investment analysis and decision-making processes. However, many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. Furthermore, our competitors may have a lower cost of funds and many have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, certain of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments, establish more relationships, and build their market shares. Likewise, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions and valuation requirements that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. 
 
 We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, because of this competition, we may be unable to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities and may be unable to identify and make investments that satisfy our investment objectives or meet our investment goals. 

HUMAN CAPITAL 
 
 Our employees are vital to our success as an internally managed BDC. The long-term success of our business and the success of our investment strategy depends on our people. We strive to attract, develop and retain our employees by offering advancement and promotion opportunities, attractive compensation and benefit packages and a close-knit culture. The departure of our key investment and operations personnel could cause our operating results to suffer. 
 
 Our investment strategy depends heavily on the business owners, management teams, and financial sponsors of our portfolio companies and their respective employees, contractors and service providers. In our investment process, the analysis of these individuals is a critical part of our overall investment underwriting process and as a result we carefully review the qualifications and experience of the portfolio company s business owners and management team and their employment practices. We strive to partner with business owners, management teams, and financial sponsors whose business practices reflect our core values. 
 
 We also strive to recruit talented and driven individuals who share our values. Our recruiting efforts utilize strong relationships with a variety of sources from which we recruit. We offer selected students investment analyst internships, which are expected to lead to permanent roles for high performing and high potential interns. Through our internship program, interns who want to become investment analysts have the opportunity to see the full investment process from origination to closing, as well as post-closing portfolio management activities. We routinely promote from within, promoting current employees who have shown the technical ability, attitude, interest and the initiative to take on greater responsibility. 
 
 We have designed a compensation structure, including an array of benefit plans and programs, that we believe is attractive to our current and prospective employees. For certain employees, our compensation strategy also includes an equity incentive plan, which we have structured to further align the interests of our employees with our shareholders, and to cultivate a strong sense of ownership and commitment to the Company. Through our performance review processes, our employees are annually evaluated by supervisors and our senior management team to ensure employees continue to develop and advance as expected. We provide a workplace designed to enable our employees to balance work, family and family-related situations including flexible working arrangements. Our employees have access to a parental leave program for birth, adoption placement or foster child placement. We are committed to creating and maintaining an atmosphere where all employees feel welcomed, valued, respected and heard so that they feel motivated and encouraged to contribute fully to their careers, the Company and our communities. 
 
 We are committed to fostering a workplace conducive to the open communication of any concerns regarding unethical, fraudulent or illegal activities. We seek to promote a safe environment that is free of harassment or bullying. We do not tolerate discrimination or harassment of any kind, including, but not limited to, sexual, gender identity, race, religion, ethnicity, age, or disability, among others. We seek feedback from employees on matters related to their employment or our operations including its financial statement disclosures, accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters. Under our Whistleblower Policy, each employee of the Company has the ability to confidentially report via a dedicated, confidential reporting hotline questionable or improper accounting, internal controls, auditing matters, disclosure, or fraudulent business practices or other illegal or unethical behavior. We seek to protect the confidentiality of those making reports of possible misconduct and our 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Whistleblower Policy prohibits retaliation against those who report activities believed in good faith to be a violation of any law, rule, regulation or internal policy. Our Code of Business Conduct establishes applicable policies, guidelines, and procedures that promote ethical practices and conduct by the Company and all its employees, officers, and directors. Our Whistleblower Policy and Code of Business Conduct can be found on our website at www.capitalsouthwest.com/governance. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had twenty-six employees. These employees include our corporate officers, investment and portfolio management professionals and administrative staff. All of our employees are located in our principal executive offices in Dallas, Texas. 

LEVERAGE 
 
 We borrow funds to make investments, a practice known as leverage, in an attempt to increase returns to our shareholders. Effective April 25, 2019, we are allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage, as calculated in accordance with the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 after such borrowing. Additionally, the Board of Directors approved a resolution that limits the Company's issuance of senior securities such that the asset coverage ratio, taking into account any such issuance, would not be less than 166 , at any time after the effective date. The amount of leverage that we employ at any particular time will depend on management s and our Board of Directors assessments of portfolio mix, prevailing market advance rates, and other market factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure Because we borrow money to make investments, the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested in us is magnified and may increase the risk of investing in us. On August 11, 2021, we received an exemptive order from the SEC to permit us to exclude the senior securities issued by SBIC I or any future SBIC subsidiary of the Company from the definition of "senior securities" in the asset coverage requirement applicable to the Company under the 1940 Act. 
 
 We intend to continue borrowing under our senior secured credit facility (the "Credit Facility") in the future, and we may increase the size of the Credit Facility, add additional credit facilities, or otherwise issue additional debt securities or other evidences of indebtedness in the future, although there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so. 
 
 See "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Liquidity and Capital Resources" as well as Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023 for information regarding the Credit Facility and the issuance of the 4.50 Notes due 2026 (the "January 2026 Notes") and the 3.375 Notes due 2026 (the "October 2026 Notes"). 

DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN 
 
 We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan, or DRIP, that provides for the reinvestment of dividends on behalf of our shareholders in shares of our common stock. Under the DRIP, if we declare a dividend, registered shareholders who have opted into the DRIP as of the dividend record date will have their dividend automatically reinvested into additional shares of our common stock. The share requirements of the DRIP are satisfied through open market purchases of common stock by the DRIP plan administrator. Shares purchased in the open market to satisfy the DRIP requirements will be valued based upon the average price of the applicable shares purchased by the DRIP plan administrator, before any associated brokerage or other costs. 

ELECTION TO BE REGULATED AS A BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COMPANY 
 
 We are a closed-end, non-diversified investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, we have elected, and intend to qualify annually, to be treated as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Our election to be regulated as a BDC and our election to be treated as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes have a significant impact on our operations. Some of the most important effects on our operations of our election to be regulated as a BDC and our election to be treated as a RIC are outlined below. 
 
 We report our investments at market value or fair value with changes in value reported through our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 In accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act and Article 6 of Regulation S-X, we report all of our investments, including debt investments, at market value or, for investments that do not have a readily available market value, at their fair value as determined in good faith by our Board of Directors. Changes in these values are reported through our Consolidated Statements of Operations under the caption of net change in unrealized appreciation on investments. See Determination of Net Asset Value above. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 We intend to distribute substantially all of our income to our shareholders. We generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax only on the portion of our taxable income we do not timely distribute to shareholders (actually or constructively). 
 As a RIC, so long as we meet certain minimum distribution, source of income, and asset diversification requirements, we generally are subject to U.S. federal income tax only, and possibly a 4 U.S. federal excise tax, on the portion of our taxable income and gains that we do not timely distribute (actually or constructively) and certain built-in gains. Our U.S. federal income tax liability may be reduced to the extent that we make certain distributions during the following calendar year and satisfy other procedural requirements. We intend to distribute to our shareholders substantially all of our income. We may, however, make deemed distributions to our shareholders of any retained net long-term capital gains. If this happens, our shareholders will be treated as if they received an actual distribution of the net capital gains and reinvested the net after-tax proceeds in us. Our shareholders also may be eligible to claim a tax credit (or, in certain circumstances, a tax refund) equal to their allocable share of the U.S. federal income tax we pay on the deemed distribution. See Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations. We met the minimum distribution requirements for tax years 2021 and 2020 and intend to meet the minimum distribution requirements for tax year 2022. We continually monitor our distribution requirements with the goal of ensuring compliance with the Code. 
 
 In addition, we have a Taxable Subsidiary that holds a portion of one or more of our portfolio investments that are listed on the Consolidated Schedule of Investments. The Taxable Subsidiary is consolidated for financial reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, so that our consolidated financial statements reflect our investments in the portfolio companies owned by the Taxable Subsidiary. The purpose of the Taxable Subsidiary is to permit us to hold certain interests in portfolio companies that are organized as limited liability companies, or LLCs (or other forms of pass-through entities) and still satisfy the RIC tax requirement that at least 90 of our gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes must consist of qualifying investment income. Absent the Taxable Subsidiary, a proportionate amount of any gross income of a partnership or LLC (or other pass-through entity) portfolio investment generally would flow through directly to us. To the extent that such income did not consist of investment income, it could jeopardize our ability to qualify as a RIC and therefore cause us to incur significant amounts of U.S. federal income taxes. Where interests in LLCs (or other pass-through entities) are owned by the Taxable Subsidiary, the income from those interests is taxed to the Taxable Subsidiary and does not flow through to us, thereby helping us preserve our RIC status and resultant tax advantages. The Taxable Subsidiary is not consolidated for U.S. federal income tax purposes and may generate U.S. federal income tax expense as a result of its ownership of the portfolio companies. This U.S. federal income tax expense, if any, is reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Our ability to use leverage as a means of financing our portfolio of investments is limited. 
 As a BDC, we are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets to total senior securities of at least 150 , which became effective April 25, 2019. Additionally, the Board of Directors approved a resolution that limits the Company's issuance of senior securities such that our asset coverage ratio, taking into account any such issuance, would not be less than 166 at any time after the effective date. For this purpose, senior securities include all borrowings and any preferred stock we may issue in the future. Additionally, our ability to utilize leverage as a means of financing our portfolio of investments may be limited by this asset coverage requirement. While the use of leverage may enhance returns if we meet our investment objective, our returns may be reduced or eliminated if our returns on investments are less than the costs of borrowing. On August 11, 2021, we received an exemptive order from the SEC to permit us to exclude the senior securities issued by SBIC I or any future SBIC subsidiary of the Company from the definition of senior securities in the asset coverage requirement applicable to the Company under the 1940 Act. 
 
 We are required to comply with the provisions of the 1940 Act applicable to business development companies. 
 As a BDC, we are required to have a majority of directors who are not interested persons (as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) of the Company. In addition, we are required to comply with other applicable provisions of the 1940 Act, including those requiring the adoption of a code of ethics, maintaining a fidelity bond and placing and maintaining our securities and similar investments in custody. See Regulation as a Business Development Company below. 
 
 Regulation as a Business Development Company 
 
 We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates and principal underwriters as well as their respective affiliates. The 1940 Act requires that a majority of the members of the board of directors of a BDC be persons other than interested persons, as defined in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

The 1940 Act defines a majority of the outstanding voting securities as the lesser of (1) 67 or more of the voting securities of holders present or represented by proxy at a meeting if the holders of more than 50 of our outstanding voting securities are present or represented by proxy or (2) more than 50 of our voting securities. 
 
 The following is a brief description of the 1940 Act provisions applicable to BDCs, which is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 1940 Act and rules issued thereunder by the SEC: 
 
 Generally, BDCs must offer, and must provide upon request, significant managerial assistance to eligible portfolio companies. In general, as a BDC, a company must, among other things: (1) be a domestic company; (2) have registered a class of its securities pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act; (3) operate for the purpose of investing in the securities of certain types of eligible portfolio companies, which may include early stage or emerging companies and bankrupt, insolvent or distressed companies (see following paragraph); (4) offer to make available significant managerial assistance to such eligible portfolio companies; and (5) file a proper notice of election with the SEC. 
 An "eligible portfolio company" generally is a domestic company that is not a regulated or private investment company or a financial company (such as brokerage firms, banks, insurance companies and investment banking firms) and that: (1) does not have a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; (2) has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange with an equity market capitalization of less than 250 million; or (3) is controlled by the BDC itself or together with others and, as a result of such control, the BDC has an affiliated person on the board of directors of the company. The 1940 Act presumes that a person has control of a portfolio company if that person owns at least 25 of its outstanding voting securities. 
 As a BDC, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our shareholders arising from any act or omission constituting willful malfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of that person s office. 
 We are required to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws, review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation and designate a chief compliance officer who reports directly to the Board of Directors to be responsible for administering these policies and procedures. 
 
 Qualifying Assets 
 
 The 1940 Act provides that we may not acquire any assets other than "qualifiying assets" specified in the 1940 Act unless at the time of the investment at least 70 of the value of our total assets (measured as of the date of our most recently filed financial statements) consists of qualifying assets. Qualifying assets include: (1) securities of eligible portfolio companies; (2) securities of certain companies that were eligible portfolio companies at the time we initially acquired their securities and in which we retain a substantial interest; (3) securities of certain controlled companies; (4) securities of certain bankrupt, insolvent or distressed companies; (5) securities received in exchange for or distributed in or with respect to any of the foregoing; and (6) cash items, U.S. government securities and high-quality short-term debt. 
 
 Significant Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 
 BDCs generally must offer, and must provide upon request, significant managerial assistance to certain of their portfolio companies, except in circumstances where either (i) the BDC controls such issuer of securities or (ii) the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together and one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, provides, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. 
 
 Temporary Investments 
 
 Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, short-term investments in secured debt investments, independently rated debt investments, and diversified bond funds, which we refer to as temporary investments. 
 
 Senior Securities 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 BDCs generally have been permitted by the 1940 Act, under specific conditions, to issue multiple classes of debt and one class of stock senior to its common stock if its asset coverage, as defined by the 1940 Act, is at least 200 immediately after each such issuance. However, the 1940 Act allows a BDC to increase the maximum amount of leverage it may incur by reducing the minimum asset coverage ratio from 200 to 150 , if certain requirements under the 1940 Act are met. On April 25, 2018, the Board of Directors unanimously approved the application of the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. As a result, effective April 25, 2019, the minimum asset coverage ratio applicable to the Company was decreased from 200 to 150 . Additionally, the Board of Directors also approved a resolution that limits the Company s issuance of senior securities such that the asset coverage ratio, taking into account any such issuance, would not be less than 166 , at any time after the effective date. We are required to make certain disclosures on our website and in SEC filings regarding, among other things, the receipt of approval to reduce our asset coverage requirement to 150 , our leverage capacity and usage, and risks related to leverage. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had 235.0 million, 140.0 million and 150.0 million in total aggregate principal amount of debt outstanding under our Credit Facility, the January 2026 Notes and the October 2026 Notes, respectively. As of March 31, 2023, our asset coverage for borrowed amounts was 235 . 
 
 In addition, while any preferred stock or publicly traded debt securities are outstanding, we may be prohibited from making distributions to our shareholders or repurchasing such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage. Under specific conditions, we are also permitted by the 1940 Act to issue warrants. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 We are not generally able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below NAV per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock at a price below the then current NAV of our common stock if our Board of Directors determines that such sale is in our best interests and that of our shareholders, and our shareholders approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price which, in the determination of our Board of Directors, closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any distributing commission or discount). We do not intend to seek shareholder authorization to sell shares of our common stock below the then current NAV per share of our common stock at our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. See "Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure - Regulations governing our operation as a BDC will affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital." 
 
 Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct 
 
 We adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as those investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. We have also adopted a code of conduct that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer (or persons performing similar functions), our Board of Directors, and all other employees. This code sets forth policies that these executives and employees must follow when performing their duties. The code of ethics and code of conduct are available on the Company website at www.capitalsouthwest.com/governance. 
 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 
 We vote proxies relating to our portfolio securities in a manner in which we believe is consistent with the best interest of our shareholders. We review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a shareholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by us. Although we generally vote against proposals that we expect would have a negative impact on our portfolio securities, we may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. Our proxy voting decisions are made by the investment team that is responsible for monitoring the investments. To ensure that our vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, we require that anyone involved in the decision-making process discloses to our Chief Compliance Officer any potential conflict of which he or she is aware. Shareholders may obtain information, without charge, regarding how we voted proxies with respect to our portfolio securities by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Chief Financial Officer c/o Capital Southwest Corporation, 8333 Douglas Avenue, Suite 1100, Dallas, Texas 75225. 
 
 Compliance Policies and Procedures 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the U.S. federal securities laws, and we are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. We are further required to designate a Chief Compliance Officer to be responsible for administering these policies and procedures. Michael S. Sarner serves as our Chief Compliance Officer. 
 
 Exemptive Relief 
 
 The right to grant restricted stock awards under the 2010 Restricted Stock Award Plan (the "2010 Plan") terminated on July 18, 2021, ten years after the date that the 2010 Plan was approved by the Company's shareholders pursuant to its terms. 
 
 In connection with the termination of the 2010 Plan, the Company s Board of Directors and shareholders approved the Capital Southwest Corporation 2021 Employee Restricted Stock Award Plan (the "2021 Employee Plan"), which became effective on July 28, 2021, as part of the compensation package for its employees, the terms of which are, in all material respects, identical to the 2010 Plan. On July 19, 2021, we received an exemptive order that supersedes the prior exemptive order relating to the 2010 Plan (the Order to permit the Company to (i) issue restricted stock as part of the compensation package for its employees in the 2021 Employee Plan, and (ii) withhold shares of the Company s common stock or purchase shares of the Company s common stock from the participants to satisfy tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of restricted stock pursuant to the 2021 Employee Plan. In addition, the Company's Board of Directors and shareholders approved the Capital Southwest Corporation 2021 Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Award Plan (the "Non-Employee Director Plan"), which became effective on July 27, 2022, as part of the compensation package for non-employee directors of the Board of Directors. In connection therewith, on May 16, 2022, we received an exemptive order that supersedes the Order (the "Superseding Order") and covers both employees and non-employee directors of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Other 
 
 We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our Board of Directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. The prior approval of the SEC is not required, however, where a transaction involves no negotiation of terms other than price. 
 
 We expect to periodically be examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion is a general summary of the material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and to an investment in our shares. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of the income tax considerations applicable to us or to investors in such an investment. For example, we have not described tax consequences that we assume to be generally known by investors or certain considerations that may be relevant to certain types of holders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws, including shareholders subject to the alternative minimum tax, tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies, dealers in securities, pension plans and trusts, financial institutions, U.S. shareholders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, persons who mark-to-market our shares and persons who hold our shares as part of a straddle, hedge or conversion transaction. This summary assumes that investors hold shares of our common stock as capital assets (within the meaning of the Code). The discussion is based upon the Code, Treasury regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations, each as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and all of which are subject to change, possibly retroactively, which could affect the continuing validity of this discussion. This summary does not discuss any aspects of U.S. estate or gift tax or foreign, state or local tax. It does not discuss the special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws that could result if we invested in tax-exempt securities or certain other investment assets. 
 
 For purposes of our discussion, a U.S. shareholder means a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 
 
 A citizen or individual resident of the United States; 
 A corporation, or other entity treated as a corporation, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 
 An estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 
 A trust if (1) a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (2) it has a valid election in place to be treated as a U.S. person. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

For purposes of our discussion, a non-U.S. shareholder means a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is neither a U.S. shareholder nor a partnership (including an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes). 
 
 If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes (a partnership holds shares of our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner or member of the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner or member and the activities of the partnership. A prospective shareholder that is a partner or member in a partnership holding shares of our common stock should consult his, her or its tax advisors with respect to the purchase, ownership and disposition of shares of our common stock. 
 
 Tax matters are very complicated and the tax consequences to an investor of an investment in our shares will depend on the facts of his, her, or its particular situation. We encourage investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the specific consequences of such an investment, including tax reporting requirements, the applicability of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax laws, eligibility for the benefits of any applicable tax treaty and the effect of any possible changes in the tax laws. 
 
 Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company 
 
 Election to be Taxed as a RIC 
 
 We have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally are not subject to U.S. federal income tax on any income that we timely distribute to our shareholders from our tax earnings and profits. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, in order to obtain RIC tax treatment, we generally must distribute to our shareholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess, if any, of realized net short-term capital gain over realized net long-term capital loss, or the Annual Distribution Requirement. Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income in excess of current year distributions into the next year. In such case, we generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on our undistributed taxable income and could be subject to U.S. federal excise, state, local and foreign taxes. 
 
 Under the Code, we may satisfy certain of our RIC distributions with dividends paid after the end of the current year. In particular, if we pay a distribution in January of the following year that was declared in October, November, or December of the current year and is payable to shareholders of record in the current year, the dividend will be treated for all U.S. federal tax purposes as if it were paid on December 31 of the current year. In addition, under the Code, we may pay dividends, referred to as spillover dividends, that are paid during the following taxable year that will allow us to maintain our qualification for taxation as a RIC and eliminate our liability for U.S. federal income tax. Under these spillover dividend procedures, we may defer distribution of income earned during the current year until December of the following year. For example, we may defer distributions of income earned during 2022 until as late as December 31, 2023. If we choose to pay a spillover dividend, we will incur the nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax on some or all of the distribution. 
 
 Taxation as a RIC 
 
 Provided that we qualify as a RIC, we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain (which we define as net long-term capital gain in excess of net short-term capital loss) that we timely distribute to shareholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income or capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our shareholders. 
 
 We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the calendar year ended December 31 and (3) any income and gains recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax. 
 
 In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 
 Meet the Annual Distribution Requirement; 
 Qualify to be regulated as a BDC or be registered as a management investment company under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale or other disposition of stock or other securities or foreign currencies or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities or currencies and net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership (as defined in the Code), or the 90 Income Test; and 
 Diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 
 at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities, if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer (which for these purposes includes the equity securities of a qualified publicly traded partnership and 
 no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in (i) the securities, other than U.S. Government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, (ii) the securities, other than the securities of other RICs, of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses, or (iii) the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships, or the Diversification Tests. 
 
 To the extent that we invest in entities treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership ), we generally must include the items of gross income derived by the partnerships for purposes of the 90 Income Test, and the income that is derived from a partnership (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership will be treated as qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test only to the extent that such income is attributable to items of income of the partnership which would be qualifying income if realized by us directly. In addition, we generally must take into account our proportionate share of the assets held by partnerships (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership in which we are a partner for purposes of the Diversification Tests. 
 
 In order to meet the 90 Income Test, we have established the Taxable Subsidiary to hold assets from which we do not anticipate earning dividends, interest or other income under the 90 Income Test. We may establish additional subsidiaries for the same purpose in the future. Any investments held through the Taxable Subsidiary generally are subject to U.S. federal income and other taxes, and therefore we can expect to achieve a reduced after-tax yield on such investments. 
 
 We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive a corresponding payment in cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (including debt instruments with payment-in-kind interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount or payment-in-kind interest that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We anticipate that a portion of our income may constitute original issue discount or other income required to be included in taxable income prior to receipt of cash. 
 
 Because any original issue discount or other amounts accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of the accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our shareholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. As a result, we may have difficulty meeting the annual distribution requirement necessary to obtain and maintain RIC tax treatment under the Code. We may have to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or forgo new investment opportunities for this purpose. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to U.S. federal income tax. 
 
 Furthermore, a portfolio company in which we invest may face financial difficulty that requires us to work-out, modify or otherwise restructure our investment in the portfolio company. Any such restructuring may result in unusable capital losses and future non-cash income. Any restructuring may also result in our recognition of a substantial amount of non-qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test, such as cancellation of indebtedness income in connection with the work-out of a leveraged investment (which, while not free from doubt, may be treated as non-qualifying income) or the receipt of other non-qualifying income. 
 
 Gain or loss realized by us from warrants acquired by us, as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants, generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. Such gain or loss generally will be long-term or short-term, depending on how long we held a particular warrant. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Investments by us in non-U.S. securities may be subject to non-U.S. income, withholding and other taxes, and therefore, our yield on any such securities may be reduced by such non-U.S. taxes. Shareholders will generally not be entitled to claim a credit or deduction with respect to non-U.S. taxes paid by us. 
 
 We are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements. Under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to our shareholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. See Regulation as a Business Development Company above. Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or to avoid the excise tax, we may make such dispositions at times that are not advantageous from an investment standpoint. 
 
 If we fail to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement or otherwise fail to qualify as a RIC in any taxable year, we will be subject to tax in that year on all of our taxable income, regardless of whether we make any distributions to our shareholders. In that case, all of such income will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates, reducing the amount available to be distributed to our shareholders. See Failure To Obtain RIC Tax Treatment below. 
 
 As a RIC, we are not allowed to carry forward or carry back a net operating loss for purposes of computing our investment company taxable income in other taxable years. U.S. federal income tax law generally permits a RIC to carry forward (1) the excess of its net short-term capital loss over its net long-term capital gain for a given year as a short-term capital loss arising on the first day of the following year and (2) the excess of its net long-term capital loss over its net short-term capital gain for a given year as a long-term capital loss arising on the first day of the following year. Future transactions we engage in may cause our ability to use any capital loss carryforwards, and unrealized losses once realized, to be limited under Section 382 of the Code. Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things, (1) disallow, suspend, or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, (2) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain and qualified dividend income into higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income, (3) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited), (4) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash, (5) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (6) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions and (7) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections in order to mitigate the effect of these provisions. 
 
 As described above, to the extent that we invest in equity securities of entities that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the effect of such investments for purposes of the 90 Income Test and the Diversification Tests will depend on whether or not the partnership is a qualified publicly traded partnership (as defined in the Code). If the entity is a qualified publicly traded partnership, the net income derived from such investments will be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test and will be securities for purposes of the Diversification Tests. If the entity is not treated as a qualified publicly traded partnership, however, the consequences of an investment in the partnership will depend upon the amount and type of income and assets of the partnership allocable to us. The income derived from such investments may not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test and therefore could adversely affect our qualification as a RIC. We intend to monitor our investments in equity securities of entities that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes to prevent our disqualification as a RIC. 
 
 We may invest in preferred securities or other securities for which the U.S. federal income tax treatment may not be clear or may be subject to re-characterization by the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS. To the extent the tax treatment of such securities or the income from such securities differs from the expected tax treatment, such tax treatment could affect the timing or character of income recognized, requiring us to purchase or sell securities or otherwise change our portfolio in order to comply with the tax rules applicable to RICs under the Code. 
 
 We may distribute taxable dividends that are payable in cash or shares of our common stock at the election of each shareholder. Under certain applicable provisions of the Code and the Treasury regulations, distributions payable in cash or in shares of stock at the election of shareholders are treated as taxable dividends. The IRS has issued a revenue procedure indicating that this rule will apply where the total amount of cash to be distributed is not less than 20 of the total distribution. Under this revenue procedure, if too many shareholders elect to receive their distributions in cash, each such shareholder would receive a pro rata share of the total cash to be distributed and would receive the remainder of their distribution in shares of stock. If we decide to make any distributions consistent with this revenue procedure that are payable in part in our common stock, taxable shareholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend (whether received in cash, our common stock, or a combination thereof) as ordinary income (or as long-term capital gain, to the extent such distribution is properly reported as a capital gain dividend) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. shareholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess of any cash received. If a U.S. shareholder sells the stock it receives in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our common stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. shareholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. If a significant number of our shareholders determine to sell shares of our common stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Failure to Obtain RIC Tax Treatment 
 
 If we fail to satisfy the 90 Income Test or the Diversification Tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless continue to qualify as a RIC for that year if certain relief provisions are applicable (which may, among other things, require us to pay certain U.S. federal tax at corporate rates or to dispose of certain assets). 
 
 If we were unable to obtain tax treatment as a RIC, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates. We would not be able to deduct distributions to shareholders, nor would they be required to be made. Distributions would generally be taxable to our shareholders as dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits (in the case of non-corporate U.S. shareholders, generally at a maximum federal income tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income of 20 ). Subject to certain holding period and other limitations under the Code, corporate distributees may be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the shareholder s adjusted tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. 
 
 If we fail to meet the RIC requirements for more than two consecutive years and then seek to re-qualify as a RIC, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on any built-in gain recognized during the succeeding five-year period, unless we made a special election to recognize all built-in gain upon our re-qualification as a RIC and pay the U.S. federal income tax on such built-in gain. 
 
 Possible Legislative or Other Actions Affecting Tax Considerations 
 
 Prospective investors should recognize that the present U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in our common stock may be modified by legislative, judicial or administrative action at any time, and that any such action may affect investments and commitments previously made. The rules governing U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department, resulting in revisions of regulations and revised interpretations of established concepts as well as statutory changes. Revisions in U.S. federal tax laws and interpretations thereof could affect the tax consequences of an investment in our common stock. See "Risk Factors Legislative or other actions relating to taxes could have a negative effect on us." 

REGULATION AS A SMALL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY 
 
 SBIC I s SBIC license allows it to incur leverage by issuing SBA-guaranteed debentures, subject to the issuance of a leverage commitment by the SBA and other customary procedures. SBA regulations currently permit SBIC I to borrow up to 175 million in SBA-guaranteed debentures with at least 87.5 million in regulatory capital (as defined in the SBA regulations), subject to SBA approval. SBA-guaranteed debentures are non-recourse, interest only debentures, with interest payable semi-annually and have a ten-year maturity. The principal amount of SBA-guaranteed debentures is not required to be paid prior to maturity but may be prepaid at any time without penalty. The interest rate of SBA-guaranteed debentures is fixed at the time of issuance at a market-driven spread over U.S. Treasury Notes with ten-year maturities. Receipt of an SBIC license does not assure that SBIC I will receive SBA-guaranteed debenture funding; rather, such funding is dependent upon SBIC I continuing to be in compliance with SBA regulations and policies. The SBA, as a creditor, will have a superior claim to SBIC I s assets over our shareholders in the event we liquidate SBIC I or the SBA exercises its remedies under the SBA-guaranteed debentures issued by SBIC I upon an event of default. 
 
 On August 11, 2021, we received an exemptive order from the SEC to permit us to exclude the senior securities issued by SBIC I or any future SBIC subsidiary of the Company from the definition of senior securities in the asset coverage requirement applicable to the Company under the 1940 Act. 
 
 SBICs are designed to stimulate the flow of private investor capital to eligible small businesses as defined by the SBA. Under SBA regulations, SBICs may make loans to eligible small businesses, invest in the equity securities of such businesses, and provide them with consulting and advisory services. Under current SBA regulations, eligible small businesses 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 generally include businesses that (together with their affiliates) have a tangible net worth not exceeding 24.0 million and has average annual net income after U.S. federal income taxes not exceeding 8.0 million (average net income to be computed without benefit of any carryover loss) for the two most recent fiscal years. In addition, an SBIC must invest 25.0 of its investment capital to smaller enterprises as defined by the SBA. The definition of a smaller enterprise generally includes a business that (together with its affiliates) has a tangible net worth not exceeding 6.0 million for the most recent fiscal year and has average net income after U.S. federal income taxes not exceeding 2.0 million (average net income to be computed without benefit of any carryover loss) for the two most recent fiscal years. SBA regulations also provide alternative industry size standard criteria to determine eligibility for designation as an eligible small business or a smaller enterprise, which criteria depends on the primary industry in which the business is engaged and is based on the number of employees or gross revenue of the business and its affiliates. However, once an SBIC has invested in an eligible small business, it may continue to make follow-on investments in the company, regardless of the size of the company at the time of the follow-on investment, up to the time of the company's initial public offering, if any. 
 
 The SBA generally prohibits an SBIC from providing financing to small businesses with certain characteristics, such as relending or businesses with the majority of their employees located outside the United States, and business engaged in certain prohibited industries, such as project finance, real estate, farmland, financial intermediaries or passive (i.e. non-operating) businesses. Without prior SBA approval, an SBIC may not provide financing or a commitment to a small business in an amount equal to more than approximately 30.0 of the SBIC s regulatory capital in any one company and its affiliates. 
 
 The SBA places certain limitations on the financing terms of investments by SBICs in portfolio companies (such as limiting the permissible interest rate on debt securities held by an SBIC in a portfolio company). An SBIC may exercise control over a small business for a period of up to seven years from the date on which the SBIC initially acquires its control position. This control period may be extended for an additional period of time with the SBA's prior written approval. 
 
 The SBA restricts the ability of an SBIC to provide financing to an associate, as defined in the SBA regulations, without prior written approval from the SBA. SBA regulations also prohibit, without prior SBA approval, a change of control or change in ownership of transfer of an SBIC (as such terms are defined in the SBA regulations) and require that SBICs invest idle funds in accordance with SBA regulations. In addition, SBIC I may also be limited in its ability to make distributions to us if it does not have sufficient capital, in accordance with SBA regulations. 
 
 SBIC I is subject to regulation and oversight by the SBA, including, among other things, requirements with respect to maintaining certain minimum financial ratios and other covenants, a periodic examination by an SBA examiner, and the performance of a financial audit by an independent auditor. 

THE NASDAQ GLOBAL SELECT MARKET CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REGULATIONS 
 
 The NASDAQ Global Select Market, or Nasdaq, has adopted corporate governance listing standards with which listed companies must comply in order to remain listed. We believe that we are in compliance with these corporate governance listing standards. We intend to monitor our compliance with future listing standards and to take all necessary actions to ensure that we remain in compliance. 

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND SARBANES-OXLEY ACT COMPLIANCE 
 
 We are subject to the reporting and disclosure requirements of the Exchange Act, including the filing of quarterly, annual and current reports, proxy statements and other required items. In addition, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act") and regulations promulgated thereunder, which imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. For example: 
 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are required to certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 
 pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports are required to disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our management is required to prepare a report on its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting; and 
 pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

20 

Table of Contents 

As of March 31, 2023, we had 235.0 million debt outstanding out of 400 million of total commitments under our Credit Facility. Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest, on a per annum basis at a rate equal to the applicable LIBOR rate plus 2.15 with no LIBOR floor. We pay unused commitment fees of 0.50 to 1.00 per annum, based on utilization, on the unused lender commitments under the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of our assets. If we are unable to meet our financial obligations under the Credit Facility, the lenders under the Credit Facility may exercise their remedies under the Credit Facility as the result of a default by us. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, the carrying amount of the January 2026 Notes was million. The January 2026 Notes mature on January 31, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time prior to October 31, 2025, at par plus a "make-whole" premium, and thereafter at par. The January 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.50 per year, payable semi-annually on January 31 and July 31 of each year. The January 2026 Notes are the direct unsecured obligations of the Company and rank pari passu with our other outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness and are effectively subordinated to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness, including borrowings under our Credit Facility. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 million. The October 2026 Notes mature on October 1, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time prior to July 1, 2026, at par plus a "make-whole" premium, and thereafter at par. The October 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of 3.375 per year, payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year. The October 2026 Notes are the direct unsecured obligations of the Company and rank pari passu with our other outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness and are effectively subordinated to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness, including borrowings under our Credit Facility. 
 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objective may depend in part on our ability to access additional leverage on favorable terms by borrowing from banks or insurance companies or by issuing debt securities and there can be no assurance that such additional leverage can in fact be achieved. 
 
 Illustration. The following table illustrates the effect of leverage on returns from an investment in our common stock assuming various annual returns, net of expenses. The calculations in the table below are hypothetical and actual returns may be higher or lower than those appearing below.) ) ) 
 
 (1) Assumes 1,257.7 million in total assets, million in debt principal outstanding, 590.4 million in net assets and a weighted-average interest rate of 5.27 on our indebtedness based on our financial data available on March 31, 2023. Actual interest payments may be different. 
 (2) In order for us to cover our annual interest payments on indebtedness, we must achieve annual returns on our March 31, 2023 total assets of at least 2.77 . 

of our total assets consisted of qualifying assets. However, we may be precluded from investing in what we believe are attractive investments if those investments are not qualifying assets for purposes of the 1940 Act. Similarly, these rules could prevent us from making follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies, or we could be required to dispose of investments at inopportune or inappropriate times to comply with the 1940 Act (which could result in the dilution of our position). If we need to dispose of investments quickly, it could be difficult to dispose of such investments on favorable terms. We may not be able to find a buyer for such investments and, even if we do find a buyer, we may have to sell the investments at a substantial loss. Any such outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

22 

Table of Contents 

23 

Table of Contents 

24 

Table of Contents 

25 

Table of Contents 

26 

Table of Contents 

27 

Table of Contents 

28 

Table of Contents 

29 

Table of Contents 

30 

Table of Contents 

 Illustration: Example of Dilutive Effect of the Issuance of Shares Below NAV. Assume that Company XYZ has 1,000,000 total shares outstanding, 15,000,000 in total assets and 5,000,000 in total liabilities. The NAV per share of the common stock of Company XYZ is 10.00. The following table illustrates the reduction NAV and the dilution experienced by shareholder A following the sale of 100,000 shares of the common stock of Company XYZ at 9.00 per share, a price below its NAV per share. 
 Prior to Sale Below NAV Following Sale Below NAV Percentage Change Reduction to NAV Total Shares Outstanding 1,000,000 1,100,000 10.00 NAV per share 10.00 9.91 (0.91) Dilution to Existing Shareholder Shares held by Shareholder A 10,000 10,000 (1) 
 Percentage Held by Shareholder A 1.00 0.91 (9.09) Total Interest of Shareholder A in NAV 100,000 99,091 (0.91) 
 
 (1) Assumes that Shareholder A does not purchase additional shares in the sale of shares below NAV. 

31 

Table of Contents 

32 

Table of Contents 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR INVESTMENTS 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

34 

Table of Contents 

35 

Table of Contents 

36 

Table of Contents 

37 

Table of Contents 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR SECURITIES 

38 

Table of Contents 

39 

Table of Contents 

40 

Table of Contents 

41 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 None . 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties. We maintain our offices at 8333 Douglas Avenue, Suite 1100, Dallas, Texas 75225, where we lease approximately 13,000 square feet of office space pursuant to a lease agreement expiring in September 2032. We believe that our offices are adequate to meet our current and expected future needs. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We and our subsidiaries may, from time to time, be involved in litigation arising out of our operations in the normal course of business or otherwise. Furthermore, third parties may try to seek to impose liability on us in connection with the activities of our portfolio companies. As of the date hereof, we and our subsidiaries are not a party to, and none of our assets are subject to, any material pending legal proceedings and are not aware of any claims that could have a materially adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

N/A 2022 N/A 2021 N/A 2020 N/A 2019 N/A 2018 N/A 2017 N/A December 2022 Notes 2023 N/A 2022 N/A 2021 N/A 2020 2019 2018 2017 N/A October 2024 Notes 2023 N/A 2022 N/A 2021 N/A 2020 N/A 2019 N/A 2018 N/A 2017 N/A January 2026 Notes 2023 N/A 2022 N/A 2021 N/A 2020 N/A 2019 N/A 2018 N/A 2017 N/A 
 44 

N/A 2022 N/A 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 

PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK AND HOLDERS 
 
 Market Information 
 
 ) Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Year ended March 31, 2022 Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter 
 
 (1) NAV per share, is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the NAV per share on the date of the high and low sales prices. The NAVs shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of each period. 
 (2) Calculated as the respective high or low share price divided by NAV and subtracting 1. 
 Not determinable at the time of filing. 

Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CSWC. On May 19, 2023, there were approximately 333 holders of record of our common stock, which did not include shareholders for whom shares are held in "nominee" or "street name." 
 
 Shares of BDCs may trade at a market price that is less than the value of the net assets attributable to those shares. The possibility that our shares of common stock will trade at a discount from net asset value per share or at premiums that are unsustainable over the long term are separate and distinct from the risk that our net asset value per share will decrease. It is not possible to predict whether our common stock will trade at, above, or below net asset value per share. 
 
 45 

DISTRIBUTION POLICY 
 
 We generally intend to make distributions on a quarterly basis to our shareholders of substantially all of our taxable income. In order to avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we must distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our ordinary income for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gains in excess of capital losses for the calendar year ended December 31, and (3) any ordinary income and net capital gains for the preceding year that were not distributed during that year. We will not be subject to excise taxes on amounts on which we are required to pay corporate income tax (such as retained net capital gains). In order to obtain the tax benefits applicable to RICs, we will be required to distribute to our shareholders with respect to each taxable year at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses. We may be subject to U.S. federal income tax and a 4 U.S. federal excise tax on any income that we do not timely distribute to our shareholders. Our U.S. federal income tax liability may be reduced to the extent that we make certain distributions during the following calendar year and satisfy other procedural requirements. 
 
 We may retain for investment realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses. We may make deemed distributions to our shareholders of any retained net capital gains. If this happens, our shareholders will be treated as if they received an actual distribution of the capital gains we retain and then reinvested the net after-tax proceeds in our common stock. Our shareholders also may be eligible to claim a tax credit (or, in certain circumstances, a tax refund) equal to their allocable share of the tax we paid on the capital gains deemed distributed to them. Please refer to Business Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations included in Item 1 of Part I of this Annual Report for further information regarding the consequences of our retention of net capital gains. We may, in the future, make actual distributions to our shareholders of some or all realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses. Our ability to make distributions in the future may be limited by our Credit Facility, the indentures governing each of our January 2026 Notes and our October 2026 Notes and the 1940 Act. For a more detailed discussion, see Business Election to be Regulated as a Business Development Company Regulation as a Business Development Company, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We have adopted a DRIP which provides for reinvestment of our distributions on behalf of our common shareholders if opted into by a common shareholder. See Business Dividend Reinvestment Plan included in Item I of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Shareholders who receive dividends in the form of stock generally are subject to the same federal, state and local tax consequences as are shareholders who elect to receive their dividends in cash. A shareholder s basis for determining gain or loss upon the sale of stock received in a dividend from us will be equal to the total dollar amount of the dividend payable to the shareholder. Any stock received in a dividend will have a holding period for tax purposes commencing on the day following the day on which the shares are credited to the U.S. shareholder s account. 
 
 RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 We did not sell any securities during the period covered by this Annual Report that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 On July 28, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 20 million of its outstanding shares of common stock in the open market at certain thresholds below its NAV per share, in accordance with guidelines specified in Rules 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B) and 10b-18 under the Exchange Act. On August 31, 2021, the Company entered into a share repurchase agreement, which became effective immediately, and the Company will cease purchasing its common stock under the share repurchase program upon the earlier of, among other things: (1) the date on which the aggregate purchase price for all shares equals 20 million including, without limitation, all applicable fees, costs and expenses; or (2) upon written notice by the Company to the broker that the share repurchase agreement is terminated. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company did not repurchase any shares under the share repurchase program. 

46 

The following table provides information regarding purchases of our common stock during the year ended March 31, 2023. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) April 1 through April 30, 2022 May 1 through May 31, 2022 June 1 through June 30, 2022 (1) 29,673 21.60 July 1 through July 31, 2022 August 1 through August 31, 2022 September 1 through September 30, 2022 October 1 through October 31, 2022 November 1 through November 30, 2022 (1) 19,917 19.09 December 1 through December 31, 2022 January 1 through January 31, 2023 February 1 through February 28, 2023 March 1 through March 31, 2023 Total 49,590 20.59 
 
 (1) Represents shares of common stock withheld upon vesting of restricted stock to cover withholding tax obligations. 
 (2) On July 28, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 20 million of its outstanding shares of common stock in the open market at certain thresholds below its NAV per share, in accordance with guidelines specified in Rules 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B) and 10b-18 under the Exchange Act. On August 31, 2021 the Company entered into a share repurchase agreement, which became effective immediately, and the Company shall cease purchasing its common stock under the share repurchase program upon the earlier of, among other things: (1) the date on which the aggregate purchase price for all shares equals 20 million including, without limitation, all applicable fees, costs and expenses; or (2) upon written notice by the Company to the broker that the share repurchase agreement is terminated. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company did not repurchase any shares under the share repurchase program. As of March 31, 2023, the Company has 20 million available under the share repurchase program. 
 
 47 

Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares our cumulative total shareholder return during the last five years (based on the market price of our common stock and assuming reinvestment of all dividends, prior to any tax effect) with the Russell 2000 ETF, the S P BDC Index and the S P Regional Banking ETF. The graph assumes initial investment of 100 on March 31, 2018 and reinvestment of dividends. The graph measures total shareholder return, which takes into account both changes in stock price and distributions. It assumes that distributions paid are invested in like securities. 

The graph and other information furnished under this Part II Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. The stock price performance included in the above graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock performance. 
 48 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

49 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Statements we make in the following discussion which express a belief, expectation or intention, as well as those that are not historical fact, are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, could differ materially from those we express in the following discussion as a result of a variety of factors, including the risks and uncertainties we have referred to under the headings Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in Part I of this report. 

OVERVIEW 
 
 We are an internally managed closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. We specialize in providing customized debt and equity financing to LMM companies and debt capital to UMM companies in a broad range of investment segments located primarily in the United States. Our investment objective is to produce attractive risk-adjusted returns by generating current income from our debt investments and capital appreciation from our equity and equity related investments. Our investment strategy is to partner with business owners, management teams and financial sponsors to provide flexible financing solutions to fund growth, changes of control, or other corporate events. We invest primarily in senior debt securities, secured by security interests in portfolio company assets. We also invest in equity interests in our portfolio companies alongside our debt securities. 
 
 We focus on investing in companies with histories of generating revenues and positive cash flow, established market positions and proven management teams with strong operating discipline. We primarily target senior debt and equity investments in LMM companies, and opportunistically target first and second lien loans in UMM companies. Our target LMM companies typically have annual EBITDA between 3.0 million and 20.0 million, and our LMM investments generally range in size from 5.0 million to 35.0 million. Our UMM investments generally include first and second lien loans in companies with EBITDA generally greater than 20.0 million, and our UMM investments typically range in size from 5.0 million to 20.0 million. 
 
 We seek to fill the financing gap for LMM companies, which, historically, have had more limited access to financing from commercial banks and other traditional sources. The underserved nature of the LMM creates the opportunity for us to meet the financing needs of LMM companies while also negotiating favorable transaction terms and equity participations. Our ability to invest across a LMM company s capital structure, from secured loans to equity securities, allows us to offer portfolio companies a comprehensive suite of financing options. Providing customized financing solutions is important to LMM companies. We generally seek to partner directly with financial sponsors, entrepreneurs, management teams and business owners in making our investments. Our LMM debt investments typically include senior loans with a first lien on the assets of the portfolio company. Our LMM debt investments typically have a term of between five and seven years from the original investment date. We also often seek to invest in the equity securities of our LMM portfolio companies. 
 
 Our investments in UMM companies primarily consist of direct investments in or secondary purchases of interest bearing debt securities in privately held companies that are generally larger in size than the LMM companies included in our portfolio. Our UMM debt investments are generally secured by either a first or second priority lien on the assets of the portfolio company and typically have an expected duration of between three and seven years from the original investment date. 
 
 Because we are internally managed, we do not pay any external investment advisory fees, but instead directly incur the operating costs associated with employing investment and portfolio management professionals. We believe that our internally managed structure provides us with a beneficial operating expense structure when compared to other publicly traded and privately held investment firms that are externally managed, and our internally managed structure allows us the opportunity to leverage our non-interest operating expenses as we grow our investment portfolio. For the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 the ratio of our last twelve months ("LTM") operating expenses, excluding interest expense, as a percentage of our LTM average total assets was 1.91 , 2.20 and 2.42 , respectively. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND USE OF ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the periods covered by the consolidated financial statements. We have identified investment valuation and revenue recognition as our most critical accounting estimates. On an 
 50 

on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the matters below. These estimates are based on the information that is currently available to us and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. A discussion of our critical accounting policies follows. 
 
 Valuation of Investments 
 
 The most significant determination inherent in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements is the valuation of our investment portfolio and the related amounts of unrealized appreciation and depreciation. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, our investment portfolio at fair value represented approximately 95.9 and 96.2 of our total assets, respectively. We are required to report our investments at fair value. We follow the provisions of ASC 820. ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the quality of inputs used to measure fair value, and enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. ASC 820 requires us to assume that the portfolio investment is to be sold in the principal market to independent market participants, which may be a hypothetical market. See Note 4 Fair Value Measurements in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a detailed discussion of our investment portfolio valuation process and procedures. 
 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty in the valuation process, our determination of fair value for our investment portfolio may differ materially from the values that would have been determined had a ready market for the securities actually existed. In addition, changes in the market environment, portfolio company performance, and other events may occur over the lives of the investments that may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be materially different than the valuations currently assigned. We determine the fair value of each individual investment and record changes in fair value as unrealized appreciation or depreciation. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, our Board of Directors was responsible for determining, in good faith, the fair value for our investment portfolio and our valuation procedures, consistent with 1940 Act requirements. Our Board of Directors believes that our investment portfolio as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 reflects the fair value as of those dates based on the markets in which we operate and other conditions in existence on those reporting dates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Interest and Dividend Income 
 
 Interest and dividend income is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent amounts are expected to be collected. Dividend income is recognized on the date dividends are declared by the portfolio company or at the point an obligation exists for the portfolio company to make a distribution. Discounts/premiums received to par on loans purchased are capitalized and accreted or amortized into income over the life of the loan using the effective interest method. In accordance with our valuation policy, accrued interest and dividend income is evaluated quarterly for collectability. When we do not expect the debtor to be able to service all of its debt or other obligations, we will generally establish a reserve against interest income receivable, thereby placing the loan or debt security on non-accrual status, and cease to recognize interest income on that loan or debt security until the borrower has demonstrated the ability and intent to pay contractual amounts due. If a loan or debt security s status significantly improves regarding its ability to service debt or other obligations, it will be restored to accrual basis. As of March 31, 2023, investments on non-accrual status represented approximately 0.3 of our total investment portfolio's fair value and approximately 1.3 of its cost. As of March 31, 2022, investments on non-accrual status represented approximately 1.5 of our total investment portfolio's fair value and approximately 2.6 of its cost. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, "Reference rate reform (Topic 848) Facilitation of the effects of reference rate reform on financial reporting." The amendments in this update provide optional expedients and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP to certain contracts and hedging relationships that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued due to reference rate reform and became effective upon issuance for all entities. The Company has agreements that have LIBOR as a reference rate with certain portfolio companies and certain lenders. Many of these agreements include an alternative successor rate or language for choosing an alternative successor rate when LIBOR reference is no longer considered to be appropriate. With respect to other agreements, the Company intends to work with its portfolio companies and certain lenders to modify agreements to choose an alternative successor rate. Contract modifications are required to be evaluated in determining whether the modifications result in the establishment of new contracts or the continuation of existing contracts. On December 21, 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06 "Reference rate reform (Topic 848) Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 
 51 

848," which defers the sunset date of ASC 848 until December 31, 2024. ASU 2022-06 became effective upon issuance. The expedients and exceptions provided by the amendments do not apply to contract modifications and hedging relationships entered into or evaluated after December 31, 2024, except for hedging transactions as of December 31, 2024, that an entity has elected certain optional expedients for and that are retained through the end of the hedging relationship. The Company does not believe it will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements or its disclosure and did not utilize the optional expedients and exceptions provided by ASU 2020-04 during the year ended March 31, 2023. 
 
 In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) - Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions, which was issued to (1) clarify the guidance in Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement, when measuring the fair value of an equity security subject to contractual restrictions that prohibit the sale of an equity security, (2) amend a related illustrative example, and (3) introduce new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value in accordance with Topic 820. The new guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard on the Company's consolidated financial statements and related disclosures and does not believe it will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements or its disclosure. 

INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO COMPOSITION 
 
 The total value of our investment portfolio was 1,206.4 million as of March 31, 2023, as compared to 936.6 million as of March 31, 2022. As of March 31, 2023, we had investments in 86 portfolio companies with an aggregate cost of 1,220.2 million. As of March 31, 2022, we had investments in 73 portfolio companies with an aggregate cost of 938.3 million. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, approximately 1,002.9 million, or 96.7 , and 772.7 million, or 97.3 , respectively, of our debt investment portfolio (at fair value) bore interest at floating rates, of which 100.0 were subject to contractual minimum interest rates. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the weighted average contractual minimum interest rate is 1.15 and 1.08 , respectively. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, approximately 34.7 million, or 3.3 , and 21.1 million, or 2.7 , respectively, of our debt investment portfolio (at fair value) bore interest at fixed rates. 
 
 The following tables provide a summary of our investments in portfolio companies as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 (excluding our investment in I-45 SLF LLC): 
 March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands) Number of portfolio companies (a) 85 72 Fair value 1,155,132 879,011 Cost 1,139,352 862,303 of portfolio at fair value - debt 89.8 90.3 of portfolio at fair value - equity 10.2 9.7 of investments at fair value secured by first lien 86.7 84.2 Weighted average annual effective yield on debt investments (b) 12.8 9.3 Weighted average annual effective yield on total investments (c) 12.1 9.0 Weighted average EBITDA (d) 21,049 20,889 Weighted average leverage through CSWC security (e) 4.0x 4.0x 
 
 (a) At March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, we had equity ownership in approximately 62.4 and 56.9 , respectively, of our investments. 
 (b) The weighted average annual effective yields were computed using the effective interest rates during the quarter for all debt investments at cost as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively, including accretion of original issue discount but excluding fees payable upon repayment of the debt instruments. As of March 31, 2023, investments on non-accrual status represented approximately 0.3 of our total investment portfolio's fair value and approximately 1.3 of its cost. As of March 31, 2022, investments on non-accrual status represented approximately 1.5 of our total investment portfolio's fair value and approximately 2.6 of its cost. Weighted average annual effective yield is not a return to shareholders and is higher than what an investor in shares in our common stock will realize on its investment because it does not reflect our expenses or any sales load paid by an investor. 
 (c) The weighted average annual effective yields on total investments were calculated by dividing total investment income, exclusive of non-recurring fees, by average total investments at fair value. 
 (d) Includes CSWC debt investments only. Weighted average EBITDA metric is calculated using investment cost basis weighting. For the year ended March 31, 2023, nine portfolio companies are excluded from this calculation due to a reported debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio 
 52 

that was not meaningful. For the year ended March 31, 2022, three portfolio companies are excluded from this calculation due to a reported debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio that was not meaningful. 
 (e) Includes CSWC debt investments only. Calculated as the amount of each portfolio company s debt (including CSWC s position and debt senior or pari passu to CSWC s position, but excluding debt subordinated to CSWC s position) in the capital structure divided by each portfolio company s adjusted EBITDA. Weighted average leverage is calculated using investment cost basis weighting. Management uses this metric as a guide to evaluate relative risk of its position in each portfolio debt investment. For the year ended March 31, 2023, nine portfolio companies are excluded from this calculation due to a reported debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio that was not meaningful. For the year ended March 31, 2022, three portfolio companies are excluded from this calculation due to a reported debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio that was not meaningful. 
 Portfolio Asset Quality 
 
 We utilize an internally developed investment rating system to rate the performance and monitor the expected level of returns for each debt investment in our portfolio. The investment rating system takes into account both quantitative and qualitative factors of the portfolio company and the investments held therein, including each investment's expected level of returns and the collectability of our debt investments, comparisons to competitors and other industry participants and the portfolio company's future outlook. The ratings are not intended to reflect the performance or expected level of returns of our equity investments. 
 
 Investment Rating 1 represents the least amount of risk in our portfolio. The investment is performing materially above underwriting expectations and the trends and risk factors are generally favorable. The investment generally has a higher probability of being prepaid in part or in full. 
 Investment Rating 2 indicates the investment is performing as expected at the time of underwriting and the trends and risk factors are generally favorable to neutral. All new loans are initially rated 2. 
 Investment Rating 3 involves an investment performing below underwriting expectations and the trends and risk factors are generally neutral to negative. The investment may be out of compliance with financial covenants and interest payments may be impaired, however principal payments are generally not past due. 
 Investment Rating 4 indicates that the investment is performing materially below underwriting expectations, the trends and risk factors are generally negative and the risk of the investment has increased substantially. Interest and principal payments on our investment are likely to be impaired. 
 
 We also have observed, and continue to observe, supply chain disruptions, labor and resource shortages, commodity inflation, elements of financial market instability (including rapidly rising interest rates and volatility in the banking systems, particularly with small and regional banks), an uncertain economic outlook for the United States (which may include a recession), and elements of geopolitical instability (including the ongoing war in Ukraine and U.S. and China relations). I n the event that the U.S. economy enters into a protracted recession, it is possible that the results of certain U.S. middle market companies could experience deterioration. We are closely monitoring the effect of such market volatility may have on our portfolio companies and our investment activities, and we have also increased oversight of credits in vulnerable industries to mitigate any decline in loan performance and reduce credit risk. 
 
 The following table shows the distribution of our debt portfolio investments on the 1 to 4 investment rating scale at fair value as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022: 
 As of March 31, 2023 Investment Rating Debt Investments at Fair Value Percentage of Debt Portfolio (dollars in thousands) 1 153,118 14.8 2 839,456 80.9 3 44,726 4.3 4 295 0.0 Total 1,037,595 100.0 
 53 

As of March 31, 2022 Investment Rating Debt Investments at Fair Value Percentage of Debt Portfolio (dollars in thousands) 1 124,192 15.6 2 632,675 79.7 3 36,648 4.6 4 319 0.1 Total 793,834 100.0 
 
 Interest and dividend income is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent amounts are expected to be collected. When we do not expect the debtor to be able to service all of its debt or other obligations, we will generally establish a reserve against interest income receivable, thereby placing the loan or debt security on non-accrual status, and cease to recognize interest income on that loan or debt security until the borrower has demonstrated the ability and intent to pay contractual amounts due. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, investments on non-accrual status represented approximately 0.3 of our total investment portfolio's fair value and approximately 1.3 of its cost. As of March 31, 2022, investments on non-accrual status represented approximately 1.5 of our total investment portfolio's fair value and approximately 2.6 of its cost. 
 
 Investment Activity 
 
 During the year ended March 31, 2023, we made new debt investments totaling 259.5 million, follow-on debt investments totaling 115.1 million, and equity investments totaling 13.5 million. We also funded 4.8 million on our existing equity commitment to I-45 SLF LLC. We received contractual principal repayments totaling approximately 29.4 million and full prepayments of approximately 89.7 million. We funded 40.3 million on revolving loans and received 22.1 million in repayments on revolving loans. In addition, we received proceeds from sales of debt and equity investments totaling 3.4 million. 
 
 During the year ended March 31, 2022, we made new debt investments totaling 412.2 million, follow-on debt investments totaling 46.2 million, and equity investments totaling 15.0 million. We also funded 3.2 million on our existing equity commitment to I-45 SLF LLC. We received contractual principal repayments totaling approximately 16.0 million and full prepayments of approximately 241.2 million. We funded 22.6 million on revolving loans and received 9.1 million in repayments on revolving loans. In addition, we received proceeds from sales of equity investments totaling 11.9 million. 
 
 54 

Total portfolio investment activity for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Year ended March 31, 2023 First Lien Loans Second Lien Loans Subordinated Debt Preferred Common Equity I-45 SLF, LLC Total Fair value, beginning of period 739,872 52,645 1,317 85,177 57,603 936,614 New investments 411,745 2,735 385 13,535 4,800 433,200 Proceeds from sales of investments (692) (2,664) (3,356) Principal repayments received (128,932) (12,310) (141,242) Conversion of security (13,715) (587) 14,302 PIK interest earned 5,577 314 74 5,965 Accretion of loan discounts 3,587 255 3,842 Realized (loss) gain (4,957) (2,239) (104) (9,260) (16,560) Unrealized gain (loss) (12,193) (4,888) (294) 16,447 (11,147) (12,075) Fair value, end of period 1,000,984 35,820 791 117,537 51,256 1,206,388 
 Year ended March 31, 2022 First Lien Loans Second Lien Loans Subordinated Debt Preferred Common Equity I-45 SLF, LLC Total Fair value, beginning of period 524,161 36,919 11,534 58,660 57,158 688,432 New investments 462,032 18,669 318 14,999 3,200 499,218 Proceeds from sales of investments (53) (11,881) (11,934) Principal repayments received (247,538) (7,223) (11,521) (266,282) Conversion of security (4,683) 5,208 (525) PIK interest earned 2,455 1,217 518 4,190 Accretion of loan discounts 2,726 233 46 3,005 Realized gain (67) (2,274) 46 8,845 6,550 Unrealized gain (loss) 786 (51) 376 15,079 (2,755) 13,435 Fair value, end of period 739,872 52,645 1,317 85,177 57,603 936,614 
 55 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The composite measure of our financial performance in the Consolidated Statements of Operations is captioned Net increase in net assets from operations and consists of four elements. The first is Net investment income, which is the difference between income from interest, dividends and fees and our combined operating and interest expenses, net of applicable income taxes. The second element is Net realized (loss) gain on investments, net of tax, which is the difference between the proceeds received from the disposition of portfolio securities and their stated cost. The third element is the Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments, net of tax, which is the net change in the market or fair value of our investment portfolio, compared with stated cost. The Net realized (loss) gain on investments before income tax and Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, net of tax are directly related in that when an appreciated portfolio security is sold to realize a gain, a corresponding decrease in net unrealized appreciation occurs by transferring the gain associated with the transaction from being unrealized to being realized. Conversely, when a loss is realized on a depreciated portfolio security, an increase in net unrealized appreciation occurs. The fourth element is the Realized loss on extinguishment of debt , which is the difference between the principal amount due at maturity adjusted for any unamortized debt issuance costs and any "make-whole" premium payable at the time of the debt extinguishment. 
 
 Set forth below is a comparison of the results of operations for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. For the comparison of the results of operations for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, see the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2022, which was filed with the SEC on May 24, 2022, located within Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Comparison of years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 
 
 Years Ended March 31, Net Change 2023 2022 Amount (in thousands) Total investment income 119,300 82,215 37,085 45.1 Interest expense (28,873) (19,924) (8,949) 44.9 Other operating expenses (21,387) (18,989) (2,398) 12.6 Income before taxes 69,040 43,302 25,738 59.4 Income tax (benefit) provision 329 615 (286) (46.5) Net investment income 68,711 42,687 26,024 61.0 Net realized (loss) gain on investments, net of tax (17,029) 5,834 (22,863) (391.9) Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments, net of tax (18,589) 11,467 (30,056) (262.1) Realized loss on extinguishment of debt (17,087) 17,087 (100.0) Realized loss on disposal of fixed assets (86) 86 (100.0) Net increase in net assets from operations 33,093 42,815 (9,722) (22.7) 
 
 Investment Income 
 
 Total investment income consisted of interest income, dividend income, fee income and other income for each applicable period. For the year ended March 31, 2023, we reported investment income of 119.3 million, a 37.1 million, or 45.1 , increase as compared to the year ended March 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to a 36.6 million increase in interest income generated from our debt investments due to a 3.2 increase in the weighted average yield on debt investments, a 32.6 increase in the cost basis of debt investments held by us from 802.3 million to 1,063.4 million year-over-year and an increase of 0.9 million in dividend income, partially offset by a decrease of 0.5 million in fee income. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Due to the nature of our business, the majority of our operating expenses are related to interest and fees on our borrowings, employee compensation (including both cash and share-based compensation) and general and administrative expenses. 
 56 

Interest and Fees on our Borrowings 
 
 For the year ended March 31, 2023, our total interest expense was 28.9 million, an increase of 8.9 million, as compared to the total interest expense of 19.9 million for the year ended March 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in average total borrowings outstanding and an increase in the weighted average interest rate on total debt. 
 
 Salaries, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 For the year ended March 31, 2023, our total employee compensation expense (including both cash and share-based compensation) increased by 1.2 million, or 9.3 , as compared to the total employee compensation expense for the year ended March 31, 2022. For the year ended March 31, 2023, our total general and administrative expense was 7.8 million, an increase of 1.2 million, or 19.0 , as compared to the total general and administrative expense of 6.6 million for the year ended March 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to an increase in audit fees, an increase in expenses related to the Company's new office space and an increase in insurance costs, as well as an increase in professional fees incurred in connection with the compensation consultant engaged by the Compensation Committee and the initial fee related to being assigned an investment grade rating by Moody's Investors Services. 
 
 Net Investment Income 
 
 For the year ended March 31, 2023, income before taxes increased by 25.7 million, or 59.4 . Net investment income increased from the prior year period by 26.0 million, or 61.0 , to 68.7 million as a result of a 37.1 million increase in total investment income and a 0.3 million decrease in income tax provision, partially offset by a 8.9 million increase in interest expense. 
 
 Net Realized Gains (Losses) on Investments 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the primary components of the total net realized loss on investments of 17.0 million for the year ended March 31, 2023: 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 
 Full Exits Partial Exits Restructures Other (1) Total Net Gain (Loss) Net Gain (Loss) Net Gain (Loss) Net Gain (Loss) Net Gain (Loss) Debt (1,220) 420 (6,983) 302 (7,481) Equity 853 (10,107) (294) (9,548) Total net realized gain (loss) (367) 420 (17,090) 8 (17,029) 
 (1) Included in other is a 0.1 million income tax provision related to realized gains on equity investments, as well as realized gains and losses from transactions, which are not considered to be significant individually or in the aggregate. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the primary components of the total net realized gain on investments of 5.8 million for the year ended March 31, 2022: 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 2022 
 Full Exits Partial Exits Restructures Other (1) Total Net Gain (Loss) Net Gain (Loss) Net Gain (Loss) Net Gain (Loss) Net Gain (Loss) Debt 1,210 176 (3,649) 640 (1,623) Equity 7,419 38 7,457 Total net realized gain (loss) 8,629 176 (3,649) 678 5,834 
 (1) Included in other is a 1.4 million income tax provision related to realized gains on equity investments, as well as realized gains and losses from transactions, which are not considered to be significant individually or in the aggregate. 

57 

Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the total net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments of 18.6 million for the year ended March 31, 2023 (amounts in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 
 Debt Equity I-45 SLF LLC Total Accounting reversals of net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation recognized in prior periods due to net realized (gains) losses recognized during the current period (2,009) (1,257) (3,266) Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation relating to portfolio investments (15,366) 11,190 1 
 (11,147) (15,323) Total net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments (17,375) 9,933 (11,147) (18,589) 
 1 Includes a deferred tax provision of 6.5 million associated with the Taxable Subsidiary. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the total net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments of 11.5 million for the year ended March 31, 2022 (amounts in thousands): 
 Year Ended March 31, 2022 
 Debt Equity I-45 SLF LLC Total Accounting reversals of net unrealized depreciation (appreciation) recognized in prior periods due to net realized losses (gains) recognized during the current period 2,000 (8,286) (6,286) Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation relating to portfolio investments (888) 21,396 1 
 (2,755) 17,753 Total net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 1,112 13,110 (2,755) 11,467 
 1 Includes a deferred tax provision of 2.0 million associated with the Taxable Subsidiary . 
 
 Realized Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 
 During the year ended March 31, 2023, we did not recognize any loss on extinguishment of debt. During the year ended March 31, 2022, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of 17.1 million due to the full redemption of the October 2024 Notes, which included a make-whole premium of 15.2 million. 
 58 

FINANCIAL LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Our liquidity and capital resources are generated primarily from cash flows from operations, the net proceeds of public offerings of debt and equity securities, advances from the Credit Facility and our continued access to the debentures guaranteed by the Small Business Administration (the "SBA Debentures"). Management believes that the Company s cash and cash equivalents, cash available from investments, and commitments under the Credit Facility are adequate to meet its needs for the next twelve months. We anticipate that we will continue to fund our investment activities through existing cash and cash equivalents, cash flows generated through our ongoing operating activities, utilization of available borrowings under our Credit Facility and future issuances of debt and equity on terms we believe are favorable to the Company and our shareholders (including the Equity ATM Program, as described below). Our primary uses of funds will be investments in portfolio companies and operating expenses. Due to the diverse capital sources available to us at this time, we believe we have adequate liquidity to support our near-term capital requirements. In light of current market conditions, we will continually evaluate our overall liquidity position and take proactive steps to maintain that position based on the current circumstances. This "Financial Liquidity and Capital Resources" section should be read in conjunction with the notes of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 For the year ended March 31, 2023, we experienced a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the amount of 10.2 million. During the foregoing period, our operating activities used 227.1 million in cash, consisting primarily of new portfolio investments of 433.2 million, partially offset by 139.1 million from sales and repayments received from debt investments in portfolio companies and 2.7 million from sales and return of capital of equity investments in portfolio companies. In addition, our financing activities provided cash of 237.5 million, consisting primarily of net proceeds from the Equity ATM Program of 158.9 million, net proceeds from an underwritten equity offering of 44.1 million, net proceeds from the issuance of SBA debentures of 78.1 million and net borrowings on our Credit Facility of 30.0 million, partially offset by cash dividends paid in the amount of 71.1 million. At March 31, 2023, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 21.6 million. 
 
 For the year ended March 31, 2022, we experienced a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the amount of 20.2 million. During that period, our operating activities used 182.7 million in cash, consisting primarily of new portfolio investments of 499.2 million, partially offset by 259.2 million from sales and repayments received from debt investments in portfolio companies and 11.9 million from sales and return of capital of equity investments in portfolio companies. In addition, our financing activities provided cash of 164.5 million, consisting primarily of net borrowings on our Credit Facility of 85.0 million, net proceeds from the Equity ATM Program of 98.1 million, net proceeds from the issuance of the October 2026 Notes of 146.4 million and net proceeds from issuance of SBA debentures of 39.0 million, partially offset by the redemption of the October 2024 Notes of 125.0 million and cash dividends paid in the amount of 58.6 million. At March 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 11.4 million. 
 
 . 

59 

million in borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility. CSWC recognized interest expense related to the Credit Facility, including unused commitment fees and amortization of deferred loan costs, of million, million and million for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted average interest rate on the Credit Facility was and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Average borrowings for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 were million and million, respectively. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, CSWC was in compliance with all financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 October 2024 Notes 
 
 In September 2019, the Company issued 65.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.375 Notes due 2024 (the Existing October 2024 Notes ). In October 2019, the Company issued an additional 10.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the October 2024 Notes (the "Additional October 2024 Notes"). In August 2020, the Company issued an additional 50.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the October 2024 Notes (the "New Notes" together with the Existing October 2024 Notes and the Additional October 2024 Notes, the "October 2024 Notes"). The Additional October 2024 Notes and the New Notes were treated as a single series with the Existing October 2024 Notes under the indenture and had the same terms as the Existing October 2024 Notes. The maturity date of the October 2024 Notes was October 1, 2024, and the October 2024 Notes were redeemable in whole or in part at any time prior to July 1, 2024, at par plus a make-whole premium, and thereafter at par. The October 2024 Notes bore interest at a rate of 5.375 per year. 
 
 60 

million and million, respectively. From April 1, 2021 through September 24, 2021 (the redemption date of the October 2024 Notes), average borrowings were million. The October 2024 Notes had a weighted average effective yield of . 

million on an aggregate principal amount of million at a weighted average effective yield of . As of March 31, 2023, the fair value of the January 2026 Notes was million. This is a Level 3 fair value measurement under ASC 820 based on a valuation model using a discounted cash flow analysis. The Company recognized interest expense related to the January 2026 Notes, including amortization of deferred issuance costs, of million, million and million for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For each of the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, average borrowings were million. 

61 

million on an aggregate principal amount of million at a weighted average effective yield of . As of March 31, 2023, the fair value of the October 2026 Notes was million. This is a Level 3 fair value measurement under ASC 820 based on a valuation model using a discounted cash flow analysis. The Company recognized interest expense related to the October 2026 Notes, including amortization of deferred issuance costs, of million and million for the years ended March 31, 2023, respectively. For the year ended March 31, 2023, average borrowings were million. Since the issuance of the October 2026 Notes on August 27, 2021 through March 31, 2022, average borrowings were million. 

million and leverageable capital of million. As of March 31, 2023, SBIC I had a total leverage commitment from the SBA in the amount of 130.0 million, of which million remains unused. The SBA may limit the amount that may be drawn each year under these commitments, and each issuance of leverage is conditioned on the Company s full compliance, as determined by the SBA, with the terms and conditions set forth in the SBA regulations. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, the carrying amount of SBA Debentures was million on an aggregate principal amount of million. As of March 31, 2023, the fair value of the SBA Debentures was million. The fair value of the SBA Debentures is estimated by discounting the remaining payments using current market rates for similar instruments and considering such factors as the legal maturity date and the ability of market participants to prepay the SBA Debentures, which are Level 3 inputs under ASC 820. The Company recognized interest expense and fees related to SBA Debentures of million and million for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The weighted average interest rate on 
 62 

and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, average borrowings were million and million, respectively. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, the Company's issued and outstanding SBA Debentures mature as follows (amounts in thousands): 
 
 Pooling Date (1) Maturity Date Fixed Interest Rate March 31, 2023 9/22/2021 9/1/2031 3/23/2022 3/1/2032 9/21/2022 9/1/2032 3/22/2023 3/1/2033 

Equity Capital Activities 
 
 On November 17, 2022, the Company completed an underwritten public equity offering of 2,534,436 shares of common stock, including shares issuable pursuant to the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares, at a public offering price of 18.15 per share, raising 46.0 million of gross proceeds. Net proceeds were 44.1 million after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. 
 
 On March 4, 2019, the Company established an "at-the-market" offering (the "Equity ATM Program") pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time through sales agents, shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 50,000,000. On February 4, 2020, the Company (i) increased the maximum amount of shares of its common stock to be sold through the Equity ATM Program to 100,000,000 from 50,000,000 and (ii) added two additional sales agents to the Equity ATM Program. On May 26, 2021, the Company (i) increased the maximum amount of shares of its common stock to be sold through the Equity ATM Program to 250,000,000 from 100,000,000 and (ii) reduced the commission paid to the sales agents for the Equity ATM Program to 1.5 from 2.0 of the gross sales price of shares of the Company's common stock sold through the sales agents pursuant to the Equity ATM Program on and after May 26, 2021. On August 2, 2022, the Company increased the maximum amount of shares of its common stock to be sold through the Equity ATM Program to 650,000,000 from 250,000,000. 
 
 The following table summarizes certain information relating to shares sold under the Equity ATM Program: 
 
 Years Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Number of shares sold Gross proceeds received (in thousands) Net proceeds received (in thousands) 1 
 Weighted average price per share 
 
 1 Net proceeds reflects proceeds after deducting commissions to the sales agents on shares sold and offering expenses. As of March 31, 2023, no proceeds remained receivable. As of March 31, 2022, 1.7 million in proceeds remained receivable and was included in other receivables in the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities. 
 
 Cumulative to date, the Company has sold shares of its common stock under the Equity ATM Program at a weighted-average price of , raising million of gross proceeds. Net proceeds were million after commissions to the sales agents on shares sold. As of March 31, 2023, the Company has million available under the Equity ATM Program. 
 
 On July 28, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 20 million of its outstanding shares of common stock in the open market at certain thresholds below its NAV per share, in accordance with guidelines specified in Rules 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B) and 10b-18 under the Exchange Act. On August 31, 2021, the Company entered into a share repurchase agreement, which became effective immediately, and the 
 63 

Company will cease purchasing its common stock under the share repurchase program upon the earlier of, among other things: (1) the date on which the aggregate purchase price for all shares equals 20 million including, without limitation, all applicable fees, costs and expenses; or (2) upon written notice by the Company to the broker that the share repurchase agreement is terminated. During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did not repurchase any shares under the share repurchase program. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 
 We may be a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financial needs of our portfolio companies. These instruments may include commitments to extend credit and fund equity capital and involve, to varying degrees, elements of liquidity and credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. Because commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Additionally, our commitment to fund delayed draw term loans generally is triggered upon the satisfaction of certain pre-negotiated terms and conditions, such as meeting certain financial performance hurdles or financial covenants, which may limit a borrower's ability to draw on such delayed draw term loans. 
 
 At March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, we had a total of approximately 125.2 million and 134.3 million, respectively, in currently unfunded commitments (as discussed in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). As of March 31, 2023, the total unfunded commitments included commitments to issue letters of credit through a financial intermediary on behalf of certain portfolio companies. As of March 31, 2023 , we had 0.9 million in letters of credit issued and outstanding under these commitments on behalf of the portfolio companies. For the letters of credit issued and outstanding, we would be required to make payments to third parties if the portfolio companies were to default on their related payment obligations. Of these letters of credit, 0.3 million expire in August 2023, 0.4 million expire in February 2024 and 0.2 million expire in April 2024. As of March 31, 2023, none of the letters of credit issued and outstanding were recorded as a liability on the Company's balance sheet as such letters of credit are considered in the valuation of the investments in the portfolio company. 
 
 The Company believes its assets will provide adequate coverage to satisfy these unfunded commitments. As of March 31, 2023, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 21.6 million and 164.4 million in available borrowings under the Credit Facility. 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 As shown below, we had the following contractual obligations as of March 31, 2023. For information on our unfunded investment commitments, see Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Payments Due By Period (in thousands) Total Less than 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More Than Contractual Obligations 1 Year 5 Years Operating lease obligations 4,262 406 842 882 2,132 Credit Facility (1) 276,784 12,474 24,879 239,431 January 2026 Notes (2) 158,900 6,300 152,600 October 2026 Notes (2) 170,250 5,062 10,125 155,063 610,196 24,242 188,446 395,376 2,132 
 
 (1) Amounts include interest payments calculated at an average rate of 5.22 of outstanding Credit Facility borrowings, which were 235.0 million as of March 31, 2023. 
 (2) Includes interest payments. 

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
 On April 26, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a total dividend of 0.59 per share, comprised of a regular dividend of 0.54 and a supplemental dividend of 0.05, for the quarter ending June 30, 2023. The record date for the dividend is June 15, 2023. The payment date for the dividend is June 30, 2023. 
 
 On April 26, 2023, pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, the Board of Directors designated a committee of certain 
 64 

officers of the Company as the Board's valuation designee (the Valuation Designee to determine the fair value of the Company's investments that do not have readily available market quotations, subject to the oversight of the Board of Directors, effective beginning as of the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2023. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 We are subject to market risk. Market risk includes risk that arise from changes in interest rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market sensitive instruments. The prices of securities held by us may decline in response to certain events, including those directly involving the companies in which we invest; conditions affecting the general economy; overall market changes, including an increase in market volatility; interest rate volatility, including the decommissioning of LIBOR and rising interest rates; inflationary pressures; legislative reform; and local, regional, national or global political, social or economic instability. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are subject to interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is defined as the sensitivity of our current and future earnings to interest rate volatility, variability of spread relationships, the difference in re-pricing internals between our assets and liabilities and the effect that interest rates may have on our cash flows. Changes in the general level of interest rates can affect our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned on interest earning assets and our interest expense incurred in connection with our interest-bearing liabilities. Changes in interest rates can also affect, among other things, our ability to acquire and originate loans and securities and the value of our investment portfolio. Our net investment income is affected by fluctuations in various interest rates, including the decommissioning of LIBOR and changes in alternate rates and prime rates, to the extent our debt investments include floating interest rates. A large portion of our portfolio is comprised of floating rate investments that utilize LIBOR, SOFR or an alternative rate. 
 
 Since March 2022, the Federal Reserve has been rapidly raising interest rates and has indicated that it would consider additional rate hikes in response to ongoing inflation concerns. In a rising interest rate environment, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net investment income if there is not a corresponding increase in interest income generated by our investment portfolio. It is possible that the Federal Reserve's tightening cycle could result in a recession in the United States, which would likely lead to a decrease in interest rates. Alternatively, a prolonged reduction in interest rates will reduce our gross investment income and could result in a decrease in our net investment income if such decreases in base rates, such as LIBOR or SOFR, are not offset by a corresponding increase in the spread over such base rate that we earn on any portfolio investments or a decrease in the interest rate of our floating interest rate liabilities tied to such base rate. See Risk Factors The interest rates of our loans to our portfolio companies, any LIBOR-linked securities, and other financial obligations that extend beyond 2021 might be subject to change based on recent regulatory changes, including the decommissioning of LIBOR for more information. 
 
 Our interest expenses also will be affected by changes in the published SOFR rate in connection with our Credit Facility. The interest rates on the October 2026 Notes, the January 2026 Notes and SBA Debentures are fixed for the life of such debt. Our risk management systems and procedures are designed to identify and analyze our risk, to set appropriate policies and limits and to continually monitor these risks. We regularly measure exposure to interest rate risk and determine whether or not any hedging transactions are necessary to mitigate exposure to changes in interest rates. As of March 31, 2023, we were not a party to any hedging arrangements. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, approximately 96.7 of our debt investment portfolio (at fair value) bore interest at floating rates, 100.0 of which were subject to contractual minimum interest rates. Our Credit Facility bears interest on a per annum basis equal to the applicable Adjusted Term SOFR rate plus 2.15 . We pay unused commitment fees of 0.50 to 1.00 per annum, based on utilization. The following table shows the approximate annualized increase or decrease in net investment income due to hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates, assuming no changes in our investments and borrowings as of March 31, 2023. 
 65 

Basis Point Change Increase (decrease) in net investment income (in thousands) Increase (decrease) net investment income per share (200 bps) (16,942) (0.47) (150 bps) (12,707) (0.35) (100 bps) (8,471) (0.23) (50 bps) (4,236) (0.12) 50 bps 4,236 0.12 
 
 Although we believe that the foregoing analysis is indicative of our sensitivity to interest rate changes, it does not adjust for potential changes in the credit market, credit quality, size and composition of the assets in our portfolio. It also does not adjust for other business developments, including future borrowings that could affect the net increase in net assets resulting from operations, or net income. It also does not assume any repayments from borrowers. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that actual results would not differ materially from the table above. 
 
 Because we currently borrow, and plan to borrow in the future, money to make investments, our net investment income is dependent upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest the funds borrowed. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a significant change in interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. In periods of rising interest rates, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net investment income if there is not a corresponding increase in interest income generated by our investment portfolio. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 73 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 74 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 105 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Capital Southwest Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Capital Southwest Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Company), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements and the Schedule of Investments in and Advances to Affiliates of the Company listed in Schedule 12-14 for the year ended March 31, 2023 (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and in our opinion, the related Schedule of Investments in and Advances to Affiliates, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, by correspondence with the custodians or the portfolio companies and other appropriate procedures where replies were not received. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Fair value of investments using significant unobservable inputs 
 
 As discussed in Note 4, at March 31, 2023, the fair value of the Company s investments categorized as Level 3 investments within the fair value hierarchy (Level 3 investments) totaled 1,155.132 million. Level 3 investments represent investments whose values are based on unobservable inputs that are significant to the overall fair value measurement. Management estimates, and the Board of Directors approves, the fair value of the Company s Level 3 investments by applying the methodologies outlined in Notes 2 and 4 to the financial statements. 
 
 We identified the fair value of Level 3 investments as a critical audit matter because of the management judgment necessary to select the valuation techniques used to estimate the fair value of the investments and to estimate the significant unobservable 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 inputs used in those valuation techniques. Auditing the fair value of the Company s Level 3 investments is complex, as the valuation techniques, unobservable inputs and assumptions used by management are highly judgmental and changes could have a significant effect on the fair value measurements of such investments. 
 
 The audit procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following, among others: 
 
 We evaluated the appropriateness of the Company s valuation techniques used for Level 3 investments by reviewing the reasonableness of significant changes in those valuation techniques from the prior year-end, if applicable, and also comparing to those used by market participants. 
 We tested the reasonableness of assumptions used by management to estimate the unobservable inputs, including market yield, financial performance measures, and discounts rates, by comparing these inputs to market information obtained from external sources. 
 For a sample of investments, we utilized valuation specialists, with specialized skill and knowledge, to assist with evaluation of the Company s valuation techniques and testing the reasonableness of the assumptions used by management. 
 We evaluated the Company s historical ability to estimate fair value by comparing the transaction price of available transactions occurring subsequent to the prior period valuation date against the fair value estimate determined by the Company in the prior period. 
 We evaluated subsequent events and other available information and considered whether this information corroborated or contradicted the Company s year-end valuations. 
 We tested broker quotes using third-party quotes, if available. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2017. 

May 23, 2023 

69 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 
 March 31, March 31, 2023 2022 Assets Investments at fair value: Non-control/Non-affiliate investments (Cost: and , respectively) 
 Affiliate investments (Cost: and , respectively) 
 Control investments (Cost: and , respectively) 
 Total investments (Cost: and , respectively) 
 Cash and cash equivalents Receivables: Dividends and interest Escrow Other Income tax receivable Debt issuance costs (net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively) 
 Other assets Total assets Liabilities SBA Debentures (Par value: and , respectively) 
 January 2026 Notes (Par value: and , respectively) 
 October 2026 Notes (Par value: and , respectively) 
 Credit facility Other liabilities Accrued restoration plan liability Income tax payable Deferred tax liability Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) Net Assets Common stock, par value: authorized, shares; issued, shares at March 31, 2023 and shares at March 31, 2022 
 Additional paid-in capital Total distributable (loss) earnings ) ) Treasury stock - at cost, shares 
 ) ) Total net assets Total liabilities and net assets Net asset value per share shares outstanding at March 31, 2023 and shares outstanding at March 31, 2022) 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In thousands, except shares and per share data) Years Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Investment income: Interest income: Non-control/Non-affiliate investments Affiliate investments Payment-in-kind interest income: Non-control/Non-affiliate investments Affiliate investments Dividend income: Non-control/Non-affiliate investments Affiliate investments Control investments Fee income: Non-control/Non-affiliate investments Affiliate investments Control investments Other income Total investment income Operating expenses: Compensation Share-based compensation Interest Professional fees General and administrative Total operating expenses Income before taxes Federal income, excise and other taxes Deferred taxes ) Total income tax provision Net investment income Realized (loss) gain Non-control/Non-affiliate investments ) ) Affiliate investments ) ) Income tax provision ) ) Total net realized (loss) gain on investments, net of tax ) ) Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments Non-control/Non-affiliate investments ) Affiliate investments ) ) Control investments ) ) Income tax provision ) ) ) Total net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments, net of tax ) Net realized and unrealized (losses) gains on investments ) Realized loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Realized loss on disposal of fixed assets ) Net increase in net assets from operations Pre-tax net investment income per share - basic and diluted Net investment income per share basic and diluted Net increase in net assets from operations basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted 
 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS (In thousands, except shares) Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Total Distributable Earnings (Loss) Total Net Asset Value Number of Shares Par Value Number of Shares Par Value Balances at March 31, 2020 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock under restricted stock plan, net of forfeitures ) Common stock withheld for payroll taxes upon vesting of restricted stock ) ) ) ) Dividends to shareholders ) ) Change in restoration plan liability ) ) Reclassification for certain permanent book-to-tax differences ) Net increase resulting from operations Balances at March 31, 2021 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock under restricted stock plan, net of forfeitures ) Common stock withheld for payroll taxes upon vesting of restricted stock ) ) ) ) Dividends to shareholders ) ) Change in restoration plan liability Reclassification for certain permanent book-to-tax differences ) Net increase resulting from operations Balances at March 31, 2022 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock under restricted stock plan, net of forfeitures ) Common stock withheld for payroll taxes upon vesting of restricted stock ) ) ) ) Dividends to shareholders ) ) Change in restoration plan liability Reclassification for certain permanent book-to-tax differences ) Net increase resulting from operations Balances at March 31, 2023 
 ) ) 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) Years Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net increase in net assets from operations Adjustments to reconcile net increase in net assets from operations to net cash used in operating activities: Purchases and originations of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales and repayments of debt investments in portfolio companies Proceeds from sales and return of capital of equity investments in portfolio companies Payment of accreted original issue discounts Payment of accrued payment-in-kind interest Depreciation and amortization Net pension benefit ) ) ) Realized loss (gain) on investments before income tax ) Realized loss on extinguishment of debt Realized loss on disposal of fixed assets Net unrealized depreciation (appreciation) on investments before income tax ) ) Accretion of discounts on investments ) ) ) Payment-in-kind interest ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes Changes in other assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in dividend and interest receivable ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in escrow receivables ) (Increase) decrease in tax receivable ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in other receivables ) ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) ) (Decrease) increase in taxes payable ) ) Increase in other liabilities Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Acquisition of fixed assets ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from common stock offering Equity offering costs paid ) Borrowings under credit facility Repayments of credit facility ) ) ) Debt issuance costs paid ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of SBA Debentures Proceeds from issuance of October 2024 Notes Proceeds from issuance of January 2026 Notes Proceeds from issuance of October 2026 Notes Redemption of December 2022 Notes ) Redemption of October 2024 Notes ) Payment for debt extinguishment costs ) Dividends to shareholders ) ) ) Common stock withheld for payroll taxes upon vesting of restricted stock ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental cash flow disclosures: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest 
 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2023 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 Non-control/Non-affiliate Investments 5 
 360 QUOTE TOPCO, LLC Revolving Loan Media marketing SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 6/16/2022 6/16/2027 First Lien 19 
 SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 6/16/2022 6/16/2027 AAC NEW HOLDCO INC. First Lien Healthcare services PIK 
 12/11/2020 6/25/2025 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 PIK 
 1/31/2023 6/25/2025 shares common stock 
 12/11/2020 Warrants (Expiration - December 11, 2025) 12/11/2020 ACACIA BUYERCO V LLC Revolver Loan 10 
 Software IT services SOFR+ (Floor 
 11/25/2022 11/26/2027 ) First Lien - Term Loan A SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/25/2022 11/26/2027 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/25/2022 11/26/2027 Class B-2 Units 9,13 
 11/25/2022 ACCELERATION, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Media marketing SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 20 
 6/13/2022 6/14/2027 First Lien - Term Loan A SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 6/13/2022 6/14/2027 First Lien - Term Loan B SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 6/13/2022 6/14/2027 First Lien - Term Loan C SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 6/13/2022 6/14/2027 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 SOFR+ (Floor 
 6/13/2022 6/14/2027 ) Preferred Units 9,13 
 6/13/2022 Common Units 9,13 
 6/13/2022 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2023 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 ACCELERATION PARTNERS, LLC First Lien 8 
 Media marketing SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 20 
 12/1/2020 12/1/2025 Preferred Units 9,13 
 12/1/2020 Class A Common Units 9,13 
 12/1/2020 ACE GATHERING, INC. Second Lien 15 
 Energy services (midstream) SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/13/2018 12/13/2023 ALLIANCE SPORTS GROUP, L.P. Unsecured convertible Note Consumer products retail PIK 
 7/15/2020 9/30/2024 membership preferred interest 
 8/1/2017 AMERICAN NUTS OPERATIONS LLC First Lien - Term Loan A Food, agriculture and beverage SOFR+ , PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 3/11/2022 4/10/2026 First Lien - Term Loan B SOFR+ , PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 3/11/2022 4/10/2026 units of Class A common stock 9,13 
 4/10/2018 AMERICAN TELECONFERENCING SERVICES, LTD. (DBA PREMIERE GLOBAL SERVICES, INC.) Revolving Loan 10,16 
 Telecommunications P+ /Q (Floor ), Current Coupon 
 9/17/2021 4/7/2023 First Lien 16 
 P+ /Q (Floor ), Current Coupon 
 9/21/2016 6/8/2023 ARBORWORKS, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Environmental services L+ , PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/17/2021 11/9/2026 First Lien L+ , PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/17/2021 11/9/2026 Class A Units 9,13 
 11/17/2021 ASC ORTHO MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC Common Units 9,13 
 Healthcare services 8/31/2018 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2023 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 ATS OPERATING, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Consumer products retail SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 1/18/2022 1/18/2027 First Lien - Term Loan A SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 1/18/2022 1/18/2027 First Lien - Term Loan B SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 1/18/2022 1/18/2027 Preferred units 9,13 
 1/18/2022 BINSWANGER HOLDING CORP. shares of common stock 
 Distribution 3/9/2017 BROAD SKY NETWORKS LLC (DBA EPIC IO TECHNOLOGIES) Series A Preferred units 9,13 
 Telecommunications 12/11/2020 Series C Preferred units 9,13 
 10/21/2022 C M CONVEYOR, INC. First Lien - Term Loan A 15 
 Business services SOFR+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 1/3/2023 9/30/2026 First Lien - Term Loan B 15 
 SOFR+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 1/3/2023 9/30/2026 CADMIUM, LLC Revolving Loan Software IT services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 1/7/2022 12/22/2026 First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 1/7/2022 12/22/2026 CAMIN CARGO CONTROL, INC. First Lien Energy services (midstream) SOFR+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 6/2/2021 6/4/2026 CAVALIER BUYER, INC. Revolving Loan 10 
 Healthcare services SOFR+ (Floor 
 2/10/2023 2/10/2028 ) First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 2/10/2023 2/10/2028 Preferred Units 9,13 
 2/10/2023 Class A-1 Units 9,13 
 2/10/2023 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2023 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 CRAFTY APES, LLC First Lien 8 
 Media marketing SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 20 
 6/9/2021 11/1/2024 EVEREST TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS, LLC First Lien Transportation logistics SOFR+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 11/9/2021 8/26/2026 EXACT BORROWER, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Media marketing SOFR+ (Floor 
 12/7/2022 8/6/2027 ) First Lien - Term Loan A SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/7/2022 8/6/2027 First Lien - Term Loan B SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/7/2022 8/6/2027 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 SOFR+ (Floor 
 12/7/2022 8/6/2027 ) Promissory Note 12/7/2022 12/6/2028 Common units 
 12/7/2022 FLIP ELECTRONICS, LLC First Lien Technology products components SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 20 
 1/4/2021 1/2/2026 Delayed Draw Term Loan SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 3/24/2022 1/2/2026 Common Units 9,11,13 
 1/4/2021 FM SYLVAN, INC. Revolving Loan 10 
 Industrial services SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/8/2022 11/8/2027 First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/8/2022 11/8/2027 FOOD PHARMA SUBSIDIARY HOLDINGS, LLC First Lien Food, agriculture beverage L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 6/1/2021 6/1/2026 Class A Units 9,13 
 6/1/2021 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2023 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 GAINS INTERMEDIATE, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Business services SOFR+ (Floor 
 12/15/2022 12/15/2027 ) First Lien - Term Loan A SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/15/2022 12/15/2027 First Lien - Term Loan B SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/15/2022 12/15/2027 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 SOFR+ (Floor 
 12/15/2022 12/15/2027 ) GUARDIAN FLEET SERVICES, INC. First Lien Transportation logistics SOFR+ , PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 2/10/2023 2/10/2028 Class A Units 9,13 
 2/10/2023 Warrants (Expiration - February 10, 2033) 2/10/2023 GULF PACIFIC ACQUISITION, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Food, agriculture beverage SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 20 
 9/30/2022 9/29/2028 First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 9/30/2022 9/29/2028 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 9/30/2022 9/29/2028 HYBRID APPAREL, LLC Second Lien 15 
 Consumer products retail SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 6/30/2021 6/30/2026 INFOLINKS MEDIA BUYCO, LLC First Lien Media marketing L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/1/2021 10/30/2026 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor 
 11/1/2021 10/30/2026 ) LP interest 9,10,11,13 
 10/29/2021 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2023 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 ISI ENTERPRISES, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Software IT services L+ (Floor 
 10/1/2021 10/1/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 10/1/2021 10/1/2026 Series A Preferred units 
 10/1/2021 ISLAND PUMP AND TANK, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Environmental services SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 3/2/2023 8/3/2026 First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/Q Current Coupon 
 3/2/2023 8/3/2026 Preferred units 9,13 
 3/2/2023 JVMC HOLDINGS CORP. First Lien Financial services L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 2/28/2019 2/28/2024 KMS, INC. 15 
 First Lien Distribution L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 10/4/2021 10/2/2026 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 10/4/2021 10/2/2026 LASH OPCO, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Consumer products retail L+ (Floor )/S, Current Coupon 20 
 12/29/2021 9/18/2025 First Lien L+ (Floor )/S, Current Coupon 
 12/29/2021 3/18/2026 LGM PHARMA, LLC First Lien Healthcare products L+ (Floor ), PIK/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/15/2017 11/15/2023 Delayed Draw Term Loan L+ (Floor ), PIK/Q, Current Coupon 
 7/24/2020 11/15/2023 Unsecured convertible note 9,13 
 PIK 
 12/21/2021 12/31/2024 units of Class A common stock 9,13 
 11/15/2017 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2023 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 LIGHTNING INTERMEDIATE II, LLC (DBA VIMERGY) Revolving Loan 10 
 Healthcare products SOFR+ (Floor 
 6/6/2022 6/7/2027 ) First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/S, Current Coupon 
 6/6/2022 6/7/2027 LLC interest 9,13 
 6/6/2022 LLFLEX, LLC First Lien 15 
 Containers packaging L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 8/16/2021 8/14/2026 MAKO STEEL LP Revolving Loan 10 
 Business services L+ (Floor )/S, Current Coupon 20 
 3/15/2021 3/13/2026 First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 3/15/2021 3/13/2026 MERCURY ACQUISITION 2021, LLC (DBA TELE-TOWN HALL) First Lien Telecommunications L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/6/2021 12/7/2026 Second Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/6/2021 12/7/2026 Series A units 9,13 
 12/6/2021 MICROBE FORMULAS LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Healthcare products SOFR+ (Floor 
 4/4/2022 4/3/2028 ) First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 4/4/2022 4/3/2028 MUENSTER MILLING COMPANY, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Food, agriculture beverage SOFR+ (Floor 
 8/10/2021 8/10/2026 ) First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 8/10/2021 8/10/2026 Class A units 9,13 
 12/15/2022 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2023 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 NATIONAL CREDIT CARE, LLC First Lien - Term Loan A Consumer services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/23/2021 12/23/2026 First Lien - Term Loan B L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/23/2021 12/23/2026 Class A-3 Preferred units 9,11,13 
 3/17/2022 NEUROPSYCHIATRIC HOSPITALS, LLC Revolving Loan Healthcare services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 5/14/2021 5/14/2026 First Lien - Term Loan A L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 3/21/2023 5/14/2026 First Lien - Term Loan B L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 3/21/2023 5/14/2026 First Lien - Term Loan C SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 3/21/2023 5/14/2026 NEW SKINNY MIXES, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Food, agriculture beverage SOFR+ (Floor 
 12/21/2022 12/21/2027 ) First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/21/2022 12/21/2027 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 SOFR+ (Floor 
 12/21/2022 12/21/2027 ) NINJATRADER, INC. Revolving Loan 10 
 Financial services L+ (Floor 
 12/18/2019 12/18/2024 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/18/2019 12/18/2024 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor 
 12/31/2020 12/18/2024 ) Preferred Units 9,11,13 
 12/18/2019 NWN PARENT HOLDINGS, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Software IT services SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 20 
 5/7/2021 5/7/2026 First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 5/7/2021 5/7/2026 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2023 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 OPCO BORROWER, LLC (DBA GIVING HOME HEALTH CARE) Revolving Loan 10 
 Healthcare services SOFR+ (Floor 
 8/19/2022 8/19/2027 ) First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 8/19/2022 8/19/2027 Second Lien 
 8/19/2022 2/19/2028 Warrants (Expiration - August 19, 2029) 8/19/2022 PIPELINE TECHNIQUE LTD. 9 
 Revolving Loan 10 
 Energy services (midstream) P+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 8/23/2022 8/19/2027 First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 8/23/2022 8/19/2027 RESEARCH NOW GROUP, INC. Second Lien Business services L+ (Floor )/S, Current Coupon 
 12/8/2017 12/20/2025 ROOF OPCO, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Consumer services SOFR+ (Floor 
 8/27/2021 8/27/2026 ) First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 8/27/2021 8/27/2026 Class A Units 9,13 
 9/23/2022 RTIC SUBSIDIARY HOLDINGS, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Consumer products retail SOFR+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 20 
 9/1/2020 9/1/2025 First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 9/1/2020 9/1/2025 SCRIP INC. First Lien 8 
 Healthcare products L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 3/21/2019 3/21/2024 shares of common stock 
 3/21/2019 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2023 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 SHEARWATER RESEARCH, INC. 9 
 Revolving Loan 10 
 Consumer products retail L+ (Floor 
 4/30/2021 4/30/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 4/30/2021 4/30/2026 Class A Preferred Units 
 4/30/2021 Class A Common Units 
 4/30/2021 SIB HOLDINGS, LLC Revolving Loan Business services L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 20 
 10/29/2021 10/29/2026 First Lien L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 10/29/2021 10/29/2026 Common Units 9,13 
 10/29/2021 SOUTH COAST TERMINALS, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Specialty chemicals L+ (Floor 
 12/13/2021 12/11/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 12/13/2021 12/11/2026 SPECTRUM OF HOPE, LLC First Lien Healthcare services SOFR+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 9/6/2022 6/11/2024 Common units 9,13 
 2/17/2023 SPOTLIGHT AR, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Business services L+ (Floor 
 12/8/2021 6/8/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/8/2021 6/8/2026 Common Units 9,11,13 
 12/8/2021 SYSTEC CORPORATION (DBA INSPIRE AUTOMATION) Revolving Loan 10 
 Business services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 20 
 8/13/2021 8/13/2025 First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 8/13/2021 8/13/2025 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2023 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 THE PRODUCTO GROUP, LLC First Lien Industrial products SOFR+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 12/31/2021 12/31/2026 Class A units 9,13 
 12/31/2021 TRAFERA, LLC (FKA TRINITY 3, LLC) First Lien 15 
 Technology products components L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 9/30/2020 9/30/2025 Unsecured convertible note 9,13 
 PIK 
 2/7/2022 3/31/2026 Class A units 9,11,13 
 11/15/2019 US COURTSCRIPT HOLDINGS, INC. First Lien Business services SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 20 
 5/17/2022 5/17/2027 Class D-3 LP Units 9,13 
 5/17/2022 Class D-4 LP Units 9,13 
 10/31/2022 Class D-5 LP Units 9,13 
 1/10/2023 USA DEBUSK, LLC First Lien Industrial services L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 2/25/2020 9/8/2026 VERSICARE MANAGEMENT LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Healthcare services SOFR+ (Floor 
 8/18/2022 8/18/2027 ) First Lien - Term Loan A SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 8/18/2022 8/18/2027 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 8/18/2022 8/18/2027 VISTAR MEDIA INC. shares of Series A preferred stock 9,13 
 Media marketing 4/3/2019 VTX HOLDINGS, INC. (DBA VERTEX ONE) Series A Preferred units 9,13 
 Software IT services 7/23/2019 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2023 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 WALL STREET PREP, INC. Revolving Loan 10 
 Education L+ (Floor 
 7/19/2021 7/20/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 7/19/2021 7/20/2026 Class A-1 Preferred Shares 
 7/19/2021 WELL-FOAM, INC. Revolving Loan 10 
 Energy services (upstream) L+ (Floor 
 9/9/2021 9/9/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 9/9/2021 9/9/2026 WINTER SERVICES OPERATIONS, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Business services L+ (Floor 
 11/19/2021 11/19/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/19/2021 11/19/2026 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor 
 11/19/2021 11/19/2026 ) ZENFOLIO INC. Revolving Loan Business services SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 7/17/2017 7/17/2025 First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 7/17/2017 7/17/2025 ZIPS CAR WASH, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan - A Consumer services SOFR+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 20 
 2/11/2022 3/1/2024 Delayed Draw Term Loan - B SOFR+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 20 
 2/11/2022 3/1/2024 Total Non-control/Non-affiliate Investments of net assets at fair value) 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2023 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 Affiliate Investments 6 
 AIR CONDITIONING SPECIALIST, INC. Revolving Loan 10 
 Consumer services SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/9/2021 11/9/2026 First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 20 
 11/9/2021 11/9/2026 Preferred Units 9,13 
 11/9/2021 CATBIRD NYC, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Consumer products retail SOFR+ (Floor 
 10/15/2021 10/15/2026 ) First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 10/15/2021 10/15/2026 Class A units 9,11,13 
 10/15/2021 Class B units 9,10,11,13 
 10/15/2021 CENTRAL MEDICAL SUPPLY LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Healthcare services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 5/22/2020 5/22/2025 First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 5/22/2020 5/22/2025 Delayed Draw Capex Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 5/22/2020 5/22/2025 Preferred Units 9,13 
 5/22/2020 CHANDLER SIGNS, LLC units of Class A-1 common stock 9,13 
 Business services 1/4/2016 DELPHI BEHAVIORAL HEALTH GROUP, LLC Protective Advance 16 
 L+ PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 8/31/2021 4/7/2023 First Lien 16 
 Healthcare services L+ PIK (Floor )/S, Current Coupon 
 4/8/2020 4/7/2023 First Lien 16 
 L+ PIK (Floor )/S, Current Coupon 
 4/8/2020 4/7/2023 Common Units 
 4/8/2020 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2023 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 DYNAMIC COMMUNITIES, LLC First Lien - Term Loan A Business services SOFR+ PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/20/2022 12/31/2026 First Lien - Term Loan B SOFR+ PIK (Floor )/ Q, Current Coupon 
 12/20/2022 12/31/2026 Class A Preferred Units 9,13 
 12/20/2022 Class B Preferred Units 9,13 
 12/20/2022 Class C Preferred Units 9,13 
 12/20/2022 Common units 9,13 
 12/20/2022 GPT INDUSTRIES, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Industrial products SOFR+ (Floor 
 1/30/2023 1/31/2028 ) First Lien 19 
 SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 1/30/2023 1/31/2028 Class A Preferred Units 9,13 
 1/30/2023 GRAMMATECH, INC. Revolving Loan 10 
 Software IT services SOFR+ (Floor 
 11/1/2019 11/1/2024 ) First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/1/2019 11/1/2024 Class A units 
 11/1/2019 Class A-1 units 
 1/10/2022 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2023 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 ITA HOLDINGS GROUP, LLC Revolving Loan Transportation logistics SOFR+ , PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 2/14/2018 5/12/2023 First Lien - Term Loan SOFR+ , PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 2/14/2018 5/12/2023 First Lien - Term B Loan SOFR+ , PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 6/5/2018 5/12/2023 First Lien - PIK Note A PIK 
 3/29/2019 5/12/2023 First Lien - PIK Note B PIK 
 3/29/2019 5/12/2023 Warrants (Expiration - March 29, 2029) 9,13 
 3/29/2019 Class A Membership Interest 9,13 
 2/14/2018 LIGHTING RETROFIT INTERNATIONAL, LLC (DBA ENVOCORE) Revolving Loan 10 
 Environmental services 12/31/2021 12/31/2025 First Lien 12/31/2021 12/31/2025 Second Lien 16 
 PIK 
 12/31/2021 12/31/2026 Series A Preferred units 9,13 
 12/31/2021 Common units 9,13 
 12/31/2021 OUTERBOX, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Media marketing SOFR+ (Floor 
 6/8/2022 6/8/2027 ) First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 20 
 6/8/2022 6/8/2027 Class A common units 9,13 
 6/8/2022 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2023 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 ROSELAND MANAGEMENT, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Healthcare services SOFR+ , PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/9/2018 11/12/2024 First Lien SOFR+ , PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/9/2018 11/12/2024 Class A-2 Units 
 3/31/2023 Class A-1 Units 
 9/26/2022 Class A Units 
 11/9/2018 SONOBI, INC. Class A Common Units 9,13 
 Media marketing 9/17/2020 STATINMED, LLC First Lien Healthcare services SOFR+ PIK (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 7/1/2022 7/1/2027 Delayed Draw Term Loan SOFR+ PIK (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 12/23/2022 4/15/2023 Class A Preferred Units 
 7/1/2022 Class B Preferred Units 
 7/1/2022 STUDENT RESOURCE CENTER LLC First Lien Education PIK 
 12/31/2022 12/30/2027 Preferred Units 
 12/31/2022 Preferred Units 9,13 
 12/31/2022 Total Affiliate Investments of net assets at fair value) 
 Control Investments 7 
 I-45 SLF LLC 9, 10, 11 
 LLC equity interest 
 Multi-sector holdings 10/20/2015 Total Control Investments of net assets at fair value) 
 TOTAL INVESTMENTS of net assets at fair value) 

89 

Table of Contents 

 1 
 2 
 3 to . 
 4 
 5 of the Company s investment assets were non-control/non-affiliate investments. The fair value of these investments as a percent of net assets is . 
 6 of the Company s investment assets were affiliate investments. The fair value of these investments as a percent of net assets is . 
 7 of the Company s investment assets were control investments. The fair value of these investments as a percent of net assets is . 
 8 
 9 of the Company's assets were non-qualifying assets. 
 10 
 11 
 12 million; cumulative gross unrealized depreciation for federal income tax purposes was million. Cumulative net unrealized depreciation was million, based on a tax cost of million. 
 13 
 14 The Company generally acquires its investments in private transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). These investments, which as of March 31, 2023 represented of the Company's net assets or of the Company's total assets, are generally subject to certain limitations on resale, and may be deemed "restricted securities" under the Securities Act. 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 18 
 19 
 
 A brief description of the portfolio company in which we made an investment that represents greater than 5 of our total assets as of March 31, 2023 is included in Note 15 - Significant Subsidiaries. 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2022 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 Non-control/Non-affiliate Investments 5 
 AAC NEW HOLDCO INC. First Lien Healthcare services , PIK 
 12/11/2020 6/25/2025 Common 
 12/11/2020 Warrants (Expiration - December 11, 2025) 12/11/2020 ACCELERATION PARTNERS, LLC First Lien 8 
 Media marketing L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/1/2020 12/1/2025 Preferred Units 9,13 
 12/1/2020 Class A Common Units 9,13 
 12/1/2020 ACE GATHERING, INC. Second Lien 15 
 Energy services (midstream) L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/13/2018 12/13/2023 ALLIANCE SPORTS GROUP, L.P. Unsecured convertible note Consumer products retail PIK 
 7/15/2020 9/30/2024 preferred membership interest 
 8/1/2017 AMERICAN NUTS OPERATIONS LLC First Lien - Term Loan A Food, agriculture and beverage SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 3/11/2022 4/10/2026 First Lien - Term Loan B SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 3/11/2022 4/10/2026 units of Class A common stock 9,13 
 4/10/2018 AMERICAN TELECONFERENCING SERVICES, LTD. (DBA PREMIERE GLOBAL SERVICES, INC.) Revolving Loan 10,16 
 Telecommunications P+ /Q, Current Coupon 
 9/17/2021 6/30/2022 First Lien 16 
 P+ /Q, Current Coupon 
 9/21/2016 6/8/2023 AMWARE FULFILLMENT LLC First Lien Distribution L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 7/29/2016 4/15/2022 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2022 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 ARBORWORKS, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Environmental services L+ (Floor 
 11/17/2021 11/9/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/17/2021 11/9/2026 Class A Units 
 11/17/2021 ASC ORTHO MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC Common Units 9,13 
 Healthcare services 8/31/2018 ATS OPERATING, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Consumer products retail SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 1/18/2022 1/18/2027 First Lien - Term Loan A SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 1/18/2022 1/18/2027 First Lien - Term Loan B SOFR+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 1/18/2022 1/18/2027 Preferred units 9,13 
 1/18/2022 BINSWANGER HOLDING CORP. First Lien Distribution L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 3/9/2017 3/10/2023 shares of common stock 
 3/9/2017 BLASCHAK ANTHRACITE CORPORATION (FKA BLASCHAK COAL CORP.) Second Lien- Term Loan 15 
 Commodities mining L+ , PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 7/30/2018 7/30/2023 Second Lien- Term Loan B 15 
 L+ , PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 3/30/2020 7/30/2023 BROAD SKY NETWORKS LLC (DBA EPIC IO TECHNOLOGIES) Series A Preferred units 
 Telecommunications 12/11/2020 CADMIUM, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Software IT services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 1/7/2022 12/22/2026 First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 1/7/2022 12/22/2026 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2022 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 CALIFORNIA PIZZA KITCHEN, INC. shares of common stock 
 Restaurants 11/23/2020 CAMIN CARGO CONTROL, INC. First Lien Energy services (midstream) L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 6/2/2021 6/4/2026 CITYVET, INC. Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 Healthcare services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 3/5/2021 3/5/2026 Class A units 9,13 
 3/5/2021 CRAFTY APES, LLC 8 
 First Lien Media marketing L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 6/9/2021 11/1/2024 DUNN PAPER, INC. Second Lien Paper forest products L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 9/28/2016 8/26/2023 EVEREST TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS, LLC First Lien Transportation logistics L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 11/9/2021 8/26/2026 FAST SANDWICH, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Restaurants L+ (Floor 
 5/24/2018 5/23/2023 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q,Current Coupon 
 5/24/2018 5/23/2023 FLIP ELECTRONICS, LLC First Lien Technology products components SOFR+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 1/4/2021 1/2/2026 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 SOFR+ (Floor 
 3/24/2022 1/2/2026 ) Common Units 9,11,13 
 1/4/2021 FOOD PHARMA SUBSIDIARY HOLDINGS, LLC First Lien Food, agriculture beverage L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 6/1/2021 6/1/2026 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 6/1/2021 6/1/2026 Class A Units 9,13 
 6/1/2021 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2022 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 GS OPERATING, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Distribution SOFR+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 1/3/2022 1/3/2028 First Lien SOFR+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 1/3/2022 1/3/2028 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 SOFR+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 1/3/2022 1/3/2028 HYBRID APPAREL, LLC Second Lien 15 
 Consumer products retail L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 6/30/2021 6/30/2026 INFOLINKS MEDIA BUYCO, LLC First Lien Media marketing L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 11/1/2021 10/30/2026 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor 
 11/1/2021 10/30/2026 ) LP interest 9,10,13 
 10/29/2021 ISI ENTERPRISES, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Software IT services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 10/1/2021 10/1/2026 First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 10/1/2021 10/1/2026 Series A Preferred units 
 10/1/2021 JVMC HOLDINGS CORP. First Lien Financial services L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 2/28/2019 2/28/2024 KLEIN HERSH, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Business services L+ (Floor 
 11/13/2020 11/13/2025 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/13/2020 11/13/2025 KMS, LLC First Lien 15 
 Distribution L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 10/4/2021 10/2/2026 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor 
 10/4/2021 10/2/2026 ) 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2022 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 LASH OPCO, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Consumer products retail L+ (Floor 
 12/29/2021 9/18/2025 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 12/29/2021 3/18/2026 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 12/29/2021 3/18/2026 LGM PHARMA, LLC First Lien Healthcare products L+ (Floor ), PIK/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/15/2017 11/15/2023 Delayed Draw Term Loan L+ (Floor ), PIK/Q, Current Coupon 
 7/24/2020 11/15/2023 Unsecured convertible note 9,13 
 PIK 
 12/21/2021 12/31/2024 units of Class A common stock 9,13 
 11/15/2017 LLFLEX, LLC First Lien 15 
 Containers packaging L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 8/16/2021 8/14/2026 MAKO STEEL LP Revolving Loan 10 
 Business services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 3/15/2021 3/13/2026 First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 3/15/2021 3/13/2026 MERCURY ACQUISITION 2021, LLC (DBA TELE-TOWN HALL) First Lien Telecommunications L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/6/2021 12/7/2026 Second Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/6/2021 12/7/2026 Series A units 9,13 
 12/6/2021 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2022 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 MUENSTER MILLING COMPANY, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Food, agriculture beverage L+ (Floor 
 8/10/2021 8/10/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 8/10/2021 8/10/2026 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor 
 8/10/2021 8/10/2026 ) NATIONAL CREDIT CARE, LLC First Lien - Term Loan A Consumer services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/23/2021 12/23/2026 First Lien - Term Loan B L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/23/2021 12/23/2026 Class A-3 Preferred units 9,13 
 3/17/2022 NEUROPSYCHIATRIC HOSPITALS, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Healthcare services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 5/14/2021 5/14/2026 First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 5/14/2021 5/14/2026 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor 
 5/14/2021 5/14/2026 ) NINJATRADER, INC. Revolving Loan 10 
 Financial services L+ (Floor 
 12/18/2019 12/18/2024 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/18/2019 12/18/2024 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor 
 12/31/2020 12/18/2024 ) Preferred Units 9,11,13 
 12/18/2019 NWN PARENT HOLDINGS, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Software IT services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 5/7/2021 5/7/2026 First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 5/7/2021 5/7/2026 RESEARCH NOW GROUP, INC. Second Lien Business services L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 12/8/2017 12/20/2025 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2022 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 ROOF OPCO, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Consumer services L+ (Floor 
 8/27/2021 8/27/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 8/27/2021 8/27/2026 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 8/27/2021 8/27/2026 RTIC SUBSIDIARY HOLDINGS, LLC Revolving Loan Consumer products retail L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 9/1/2020 9/1/2025 First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 9/1/2020 9/1/2025 SCRIP, INC. First Lien 8 
 Healthcare products L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 3/21/2019 3/21/2024 shares of common stock 
 3/21/2019 SHEARWATER RESEARCH, INC. 9 
 Revolving Loan 10 
 Consumer products retail L+ (Floor 
 4/30/2021 4/30/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 4/30/2021 4/30/2026 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor 
 4/30/2021 4/30/2026 ) Class A Preferred Units 
 4/30/2021 Class A Common Units 
 4/30/2021 SIB HOLDINGS, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Business services L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 10/29/2021 10/29/2026 First Lien L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 10/29/2021 10/29/2026 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor 
 10/29/2021 10/29/2026 ) Common Units 9,13 
 10/29/2021 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2022 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 SOUTH COAST TERMINALS, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Specialty chemicals L+ (Floor 
 12/13/2021 12/11/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 12/13/2021 12/11/2026 SPOTLIGHT AR, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Business services L+ (Floor 
 12/8/2021 6/8/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/8/2021 6/8/2026 Common Units 9,13 
 12/8/2021 STUDENT RESOURCE CENTER LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Education L+ (Floor 
 6/25/2021 6/25/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 6/25/2021 6/25/2026 Preferred Units 9,13 
 6/25/2021 SYSTEC CORPORATION (DBA INSPIRE AUTOMATION) Revolving Loan 10 
 Business services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 8/13/2021 8/13/2025 First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 8/13/2021 8/13/2025 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor 
 8/13/2021 8/13/2025 ) THE PRODUCTO GROUP, LLC First Lien Industrial products L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 12/31/2021 12/31/2026 Class A units 9,13 
 12/31/2021 TRAFERA, LLC (FKA TRINITY 3, LLC) First Lien 15 
 Technology products components L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 9/30/2020 9/30/2025 Unsecured convertible note 9,13 
 PIK 
 2/7/2022 3/31/2026 Class A units 9,11,13 
 11/15/2019 USA DEBUSK, LLC First Lien Industrial services L+ (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 2/25/2020 9/8/2026 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2022 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 VISTAR MEDIA INC. shares of Series A preferred stock 
 Media marketing 4/3/2019 VTX HOLDINGS, INC. (DBA VERTEX ONE) Series A Preferred units 
 Software IT services 7/23/2019 WALL STREET PREP, INC. Revolving Loan 10 
 Education L+ (Floor 
 7/19/2021 7/20/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 7/19/2021 7/20/2026 Class A-1 Preferred Shares 
 7/19/2021 WELL-FOAM, INC. Revolving Loan 10 
 Energy services (upstream) L+ (Floor 
 9/9/2021 9/9/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 9/9/2021 9/9/2026 WINTER SERVICES OPERATIONS, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Business services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/19/2021 11/19/2026 First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/19/2021 11/19/2026 Delayed Draw Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor 
 11/19/2021 11/19/2026 ) ZENFOLIO INC. Revolving Loan 10 
 Business services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 7/17/2017 7/17/2023 First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 7/17/2017 7/17/2023 ZIPS CAR WASH, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan - A Consumer services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 2/11/2022 3/1/2024 Delayed Draw Term Loan - B 10 
 L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 2/11/2022 3/1/2024 Total Non-control/Non-affiliate Investments of net assets at fair value) 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2022 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 Affiliate Investments 6 
 AIR CONDITIONING SPECIALIST, INC. Revolving Loan 10 
 Consumer services L+ (Floor 
 11/9/2021 11/9/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/9/2021 11/9/2026 Preferred Units 9,13 
 11/9/2021 CATBIRD NYC, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Consumer products retail L+ (Floor 
 10/15/2021 10/15/2026 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 10/15/2021 10/15/2026 Class A units 9,13 
 10/15/2021 Class B units 9,10,13 
 10/15/2021 CENTRAL MEDICAL SUPPLY LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Healthcare services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 5/22/2020 5/22/2025 First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 5/22/2020 5/22/2025 Delayed Draw Capex Term Loan 10 
 L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 5/22/2020 5/22/2025 Preferred Units 9,13 
 5/22/2020 CHANDLER SIGNS, LLC units of Class A-1 common stock 9,13 
 Business services 1/4/2016 DELPHI BEHAVIORAL HEALTH GROUP, LLC First Lien Healthcare services L+ PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 4/8/2020 4/7/2023 First Lien L+ PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 4/8/2020 4/7/2023 Protective Advance L+ PIK (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 8/31/2021 4/7/2023 Common Units 
 4/8/2020 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2022 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 DYNAMIC COMMUNITIES, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Business services L+ (Floor 
 7/17/2018 7/17/2023 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 7/17/2018 7/17/2023 Senior subordinated debt PIK 
 12/4/2020 1/16/2024 Preferred Units 9,13 
 7/17/2018 GRAMMATECH, INC. Revolving Loan 10 
 Software IT services L+ (Floor 
 11/1/2019 11/1/2024 ) First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/1/2019 11/1/2024 Class A units 
 11/1/2019 0 Class A-1 units 
 1/10/2022 ITA HOLDINGS GROUP, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Transportation logistics L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 2/14/2018 2/14/2023 First Lien - Term Loan L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 2/14/2018 2/14/2023 First Lien - Term B Loan L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 6/5/2018 2/14/2023 First Lien - PIK Note A PIK 
 3/29/2019 2/14/2023 First Lien - PIK Note B PIK 
 3/29/2019 2/14/2023 Warrants (Expiration - March 29, 2029) 9,13 
 3/29/2019 Class A Membership Interest 9,11,13 
 2/14/2018 LIGHTING RETROFIT INTERNATIONAL, LLC (DBA ENVOCORE) Revolving Loan 10 
 Environmental services 
 12/31/2021 12/31/2025 First Lien 
 12/31/2021 12/31/2025 Second Lien 16 
 PIK 
 12/31/2021 12/31/2026 Series A Preferred units 9,13 
 12/31/2021 Common units 9,13 
 12/31/2021 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS March 31, 2022 Portfolio Company 1,18 
 Type of Investment 2 
 Industry Current Interest Rate 3 
 Acquisition Date 14 
 Maturity Principal Cost 12,17 
 Fair Value 4 
 ROSELAND MANAGEMENT, LLC Revolving Loan 10 
 Healthcare services L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/9/2018 11/9/2023 First Lien L+ (Floor )/Q, Current Coupon 
 11/9/2018 11/9/2023 Class A Units 
 11/9/2018 SIMR, LLC First Lien 16 
 Healthcare services L+ , PIK (Floor )/M, Current Coupon 
 9/7/2018 9/7/2023 Class B Common Units 
 9/7/2018 Class W Units 
 2/4/2021 SONOBI, INC. Class A Common Units 9,13 
 Media marketing 9/17/2020 Total Affiliate Investments of net assets at fair value) 
 Control Investments 7 
 I-45 SLF LLC 9,10,11 
 LLC equity interest 
 Multi-sector holdings 10/20/2015 Total Control Investments of net assets at fair value) 
 TOTAL INVESTMENTS of net assets at fair value) 

1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 5 of the Company s investment assets were non-control/non-affiliate investments. The fair value of these investments as a percent of net assets is . 
 6 of the Company s investment assets were affiliate investments. The fair value of these investments as a percent of net assets is . 
 7 of the Company s investment assets were control investments. The fair value of these investments as a percent of net assets is . 
 8 
 9 of the Company's assets are non-qualifying assets. 
 10 
 11 
 12 million; cumulative gross unrealized depreciation for federal income tax purposes is million. Cumulative net unrealized appreciation is million, based on a tax cost of million. 
 13 
 14 The Company generally acquires its investments in private transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). These investments, which as of March 31, 2022 represented of the Company's net assets or of the Company's total assets, are generally subject to certain limitations on resale, and may be deemed "restricted securities" under the Securities Act. 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 A brief description of the portfolio company in which we made an investment that represents greater than 5 of our total assets as of March 31, 2022 is included in Note 13. Significant Subsidiaries. 
 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 
 million and million, and our LMM investments generally range in size from million to million. Our UMM investments generally include first and second lien loans in companies with EBITDA generally greater than million and typically range in size from million to million. We make available significant managerial assistance to the companies in which we invest as we believe that providing managerial assistance to an investee company is critical to its business development activities. 
 
 CSWC has a direct wholly-owned subsidiary that has been elected to be a taxable entity (the Taxable Subsidiary ). The primary purpose of the Taxable Subsidiary is to permit CSWC to hold certain interests in portfolio companies that are organized as limited liability companies, or LLCs (or other forms of pass-through entities), and still allow us to satisfy the RIC tax requirement that at least 90 of our gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes must consist of qualifying investment income. The Taxable Subsidiary is taxed at normal corporate tax rates based on its taxable income. 
 
 On April 20, 2021, our wholly owned subsidiary, Capital Southwest SBIC I, LP SBIC I received a license from the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA to operate as a small business investment company ("SBIC") under Section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended. SBIC I has an investment strategy substantially similar to ours and makes similar types of investments in accordance with SBA regulations. SBIC I and its general partner are consolidated for financial reporting purposes under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("U.S. GAAP"), and the portfolio investments held by it are included in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Capital Southwest Management Corporation CSMC ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of CSWC, was the management company for CSWC. Effective December 31, 2020, CSMC merged with and into CSWC, with CSWC continuing as the surviving entity in the merger. Prior to December 31, 2020, CSMC generally incurred all normal operating and administrative expenses, including, but not limited to, salaries and related benefits, rent, equipment and other administrative costs required for its day-to-day operations (the Administrative Expenses ). After December 31, 2020, the Administrative Expenses will be directly incurred by CSWC. The Company continues to be internally managed and the merger has no impact on the day-to-day operations of the business. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

of its assets in qualifying assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are: 
 
 (1) securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an "eligible portfolio company," or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"); 
 (2) securities of any eligible portfolio company that we control; 
 (3) securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements; 
 (4) securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no readily available market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company; 
 (5) securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities; and 
 (6) cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 Additionally, in order to qualify for RIC tax treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things meet the following requirements: 
 (1) continue to maintain our election as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 
 (2) derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities, loans, gains from the sale of stock or other securities, net income from certain "qualified publicly traded partnerships," or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities; and 
 (3) diversify our holdings in accordance with two diversification requirements: (a) diversify our holdings such that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities, securities of other RICs, and such other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and (b) diversify our holdings such that no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, (i) of one issuer, (ii) of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or (iii) of certain "qualified publicly traded partnerships" (collectively, the "Diversification Requirements"); 
 The two Diversification Requirements must be satisfied quarterly. If a RIC satisfies the Diversification Requirements for one quarter, and then, due solely to fluctuations in market value, fails to meet one of the Diversification Requirements in the 
 106 

Table of Contents 

For the quarter ended March 31, 2023, we satisfied all RIC requirements and have in nonqualified assets according to measurement criteria established in Section 851(d) of the Code. 

2. 

million and million, respectively. Cash and cash equivalents includes deposits at financial institutions. We deposit our cash balances in financial institutions and, at times, such balances may be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. At March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, cash balances totaling million and million, respectively, exceeded FDIC insurance limits, subjecting us to risk related to the uninsured balance. All of our cash deposits are held at large established high credit quality financial institutions and management believes that the risk of loss associated with any uninsured balances is remote. 

107 

Table of Contents 

 of our total investment portfolio's fair value and approximately of its cost. As of March 31, 2022, investments on non-accrual status represented approximately of our total investment portfolio's fair value and approximately of its cost. 
 
 and , respectively, of CSWC's total investment income was attributable to non-cash interest income for the accretion of discounts associated with debt investments, net of any premium reduction. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, we have not written off any accrued and uncollected PIK interest from prior periods. For the year ended March 31, 2023, we had investments for which we stopped accruing PIK interest. For the year ended March 31, 2022, we had investments for which we stopped accruing PIK interest. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, approximately and , respectively, of CSWC s total investment income was attributable to non-cash PIK interest income. 

108 

Table of Contents 

109 

Table of Contents 

 interest or penalties expense was recorded during the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Deferred Taxes Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for losses or income at our taxable subsidiaries using statutory tax rates. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. ASC 740 requires the effects of changes in tax rates and laws on deferred tax balances to be recognized in the period in which the legislation was enacted. See Note 6 for further discussion. 

after the date that the 2010 Restricted Stock Award Plan (the 2010 Plan was approved by the Company s shareholders pursuant to its terms. In connection with the termination of the 2010 Plan, the Company s Board of Directors and shareholders approved the Capital Southwest Corporation 2021 Employee Restricted Stock Award Plan (the "2021 Employee Plan"), which became effective on July 28, 2021, as part of the compensation package for its employees, the terms of which are, in all material respects, identical to the 2010 Plan. On July 19, 2021, we received an exemptive order that supersedes the prior exemptive order relating to the 2010 Plan (the Order to permit the Company to (i) issue restricted stock as part of the compensation package for its employees in the 2021 Employee Plan, and (ii) withhold shares of the Company s common stock or purchase shares of the Company s common stock from the participants to satisfy tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of restricted stock pursuant to the 2021 Employee Plan. In addition, the Company's Board of Directors and shareholders approved the Capital Southwest Corporation 2021 Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan (the "Non-Employee Director Plan"), which became effective on July 27, 2022, as part of the compensation package for non-employee directors of the Board of Directors. In connection therewith, on May 16, 2022, we received an exemptive order that supersedes the Order (the "Superseding Order") and covers both employees and non-employee directors of the Board of Directors. 

110 

Table of Contents 

111 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 
 Second lien loans 2 
 Subordinated debt 3 
 Preferred equity Common equity warrants I-45 SLF LLC 4 
 March 31, 2022: First lien loans 1,2 
 Second lien loans 2 
 Subordinated debt 3 
 Preferred equity Common equity warrants I-45 SLF LLC 4 

1 Included in first lien loans are loans structured as first lien last out loans. These loans may, in certain cases, be subordinated in payment priority to other senior secured lenders. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the fair value of the first lien last out loans are million and million, respectively. 
 2 Included in first lien loans and second lien loans are loans structured as split lien term loans. These loans provide the Company with a first lien priority on certain assets of the obligor and a second lien priority on different assets of the obligor. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the fair value of the split lien term loans included in first lien loans is million and million, respectively. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the fair value of the split lien term loans included in second lien loans is million and million, respectively. 
 3 Included in subordinated debt are unsecured convertible notes with a fair value of million and million as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. 
 4 I-45 SLF LLC is a joint venture between CSWC and Main Street Capital Corporation. This entity primarily invests in syndicated senior secured loans to the UMM. The portfolio companies held by I-45 SLF LLC represent a diverse set of industry classifications, which are similar to those in which CSWC invests directly. See Note 15 for further discussion. 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 Business Services Healthcare Services Consumer Services Consumer Products and Retail Food, Agriculture Beverage Healthcare Products Technology Products Components I-45 SLF LLC 1 
 Transportation Logistics Software IT Services Financial Services Industrial Products Environmental Services Education Industrial Services Energy Services (Midstream) Specialty Chemicals Energy Services (Upstream) Telecommunications Distribution Containers Packaging Aerospace Defense 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 Consumer Products Retail Healthcare Services Consumer Services I-45 SLF LLC 1 
 Distribution Food, Agriculture Beverage Media Marketing Financial Services Technology Products Components Transportation Logistics Software IT Services Education Healthcare Products Environmental Services Telecommunications Energy Services (Upstream) Specialty Chemicals Industrial Products Energy Services (Midstream) Industrial Services Commodities Mining Containers Packaging Aerospace Defense Restaurants Paper Forest Products 
 
 1 I-45 SLF LLC is a joint venture between CSWC and Main Street Capital Corporation. This entity primarily invests in syndicated senior secured loans to the UMM. The portfolio companies in I-45 SLF LLC represent a diverse set of industry classifications, which are similar to those in which CSWC invests directly. See Note 15 for further discussion. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 Southeast Southwest West Midwest I-45 SLF LLC 1 
 International March 31, 2022: Northeast Southwest West Southeast Midwest I-45 SLF LLC 1 
 International 

1 I-45 SLF LLC is a joint venture between CSWC and Main Street Capital Corporation. This entity primarily invests in syndicated senior secured loans to the UMM. The portfolio companies held by I-45 SLF LLC represent a diverse set of geographic regions, which are similar to those in which CSWC invests directly. See Note 15 for further discussion. 

4. 

115 

Table of Contents 

Fair Value Hierarchy 
 
 CSWC has established and documented processes for determining the fair values of portfolio company investments on a recurring basis in accordance with the 1940 Act and ASC 820. As required by ASC 820, when the inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy, the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. For example, a Level 3 fair value measurement may include inputs that are observable (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable (Level 3). Therefore, unrealized appreciation and depreciation related to such investments categorized within the Level 3 tables below may include changes in fair value that are attributable to both observable inputs (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable inputs (Level 3). CSWC conducts reviews of fair value hierarchy classifications on a quarterly basis. We also use judgment and consider factors specific to the investment in determining the significance of an input to a fair value measurement. 
 
 The three levels of valuation inputs established by ASC 820 are as follows: 
 
 Level 1: Investments whose values are based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2: Investments whose values are based on quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 
 Level 3: Investments whose values are based on unobservable inputs that are significant to the overall fair value measurement. 
 As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, of the CSWC investment portfolio consisted of privately held debt and equity instruments for which inputs falling within the categories of Level 1 and Level 2 are generally not readily available. Therefore, CSWC determines the fair value of its investments (excluding investments for which fair value is measured at net asset value ("NAV") in good faith using Level 3 inputs, pursuant to CSWC's valuation policy and procedures that are established by the management of CSWC, with assistance from multiple third-party valuation advisors and approved by our Board of Directors. 
 
 Investment Valuation Inputs 
 
 ASC 820 defines fair value in terms of the price that would be received upon the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date excluding transaction costs. Under ASC 820, the fair value measurement also assumes that the transaction to sell an asset occurs in the principal market for the asset or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset. The principal market is the market in which the reporting entity would sell or transfer the asset with the greatest volume and level of activity for the asset. In determining the principal market for an asset or liability under ASC 820, it is assumed that the reporting entity has access to the market as of the measurement date. 
 
 The Level 3 inputs to CSWC s valuation process reflect our best estimate of the assumptions that would be used by market participants in pricing the investment in a transaction in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset. 
 
 The fair value determination of each portfolio investment categorized as Level 3 required one or more of the following unobservable inputs: 
 
 financial information obtained from each portfolio company, including unaudited statements of operations and balance sheets for the most recent period available as compared to budgeted numbers; 
 current and projected financial condition of the portfolio company; 
 current and projected ability of the portfolio company to service its debt obligations; 
 116 

Table of Contents 

117 

Table of Contents 

118 

Table of Contents 

 Second lien loans Subordinated debt Preferred equity Common equity warrants Investments measured at net asset value 1 
 Total Investments 
 Fair Value Measurements at March 31, 2022 Using Asset Category 
 Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) First lien loans Second lien loans Subordinated debt Preferred equity Common equity warrants Investments measured at net asset value 1 
 Total Investments 
 
 1 Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. For the investment valued at NAV per share at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the redemption restrictions dictate that we cannot withdraw our membership interest without unanimous approval. We are permitted to sell or transfer our membership interest and must deliver written notice of such transfer to the other member no later than business days prior to the sale or transfer. 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 Discount Rate - 
 Third Party Broker Quote - 
 Market Approach Cost - 
 Enterprise Value Waterfall Approach EBITDA Multiple x - x 
 x Discount Rate - 
 Second lien loans Income Approach Discount Rate - 
 Third Party Broker Quote - 
 Enterprise Value Waterfall Approach EBITDA Multiple x - x 
 x Discount Rate - 
 Subordinated debt Market Approach Cost - 
 Enterprise Value Waterfall Approach EBITDA Multiple x - x 
 x Discount Rate - 
 Preferred equity Enterprise Value Waterfall Approach EBITDA Multiple x - x 
 x Discount Rate - 
 Market Approach Cost - 
 Common equity warrants Enterprise Value Waterfall Approach EBITDA Multiple x - x 
 x Discount Rate - 
 Market Approach Cost - 
 Total Level 3 Investments 

120 

Table of Contents 

 Discount Rate - 
 Third Party Broker Quote - 
 Market Approach Cost - 
 Exit Value - 
 Second lien loans Income Approach Discount Rate - 
 Third Party Broker Quote - 
 Enterprise Value Waterfall Approach EBITDA Multiple x - x 
 x Discount Rate - 
 Subordinated debt Income Approach Discount Rate - 
 Market Approach Cost - 
 Enterprise Value Waterfall Approach EBITDA Multiple x - x 
 x Discount Rate - 
 Preferred equity Enterprise Value Waterfall Approach EBITDA Multiple x - x 
 x Discount Rate - 
 Market Approach Cost - 
 Common equity warrants Enterprise Value Waterfall Approach EBITDA Multiple x - x 
 x Discount Rate - 
 Market Approach Exit Value - 
 Income Approach Third Party Broker Quote - 
 Total Level 3 Investments 
 
 Changes in Fair Value Levels 
 We monitor the availability of observable market data to assess the appropriate classification of financial instruments within the fair value hierarchy. Changes in economic conditions or model based valuation techniques may require the transfer of financial instruments from one fair value level to another. During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we had no transfers between levels. 
 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 First lien loans ) ) ) ) Second lien loans ) ) ) ) Subordinated debt ) ) ) Preferred equity ) ) Common equity warrants ) Total Investments ) ) ) ) Fair Value March 31, 2021 Realized Unrealized Gains (Losses) Purchases of Investments 1 
 Repayments PIK Interest Capitalized Divestitures Conversion/Reclassification of Security Fair Value March 31, 2022 First lien loans ) ) ) Second lien loans ) ) ) ) Subordinated debt ) Preferred equity ) Common equity warrants ) Total Investments ) ) 
 
 1 Includes purchases of new investments, as well as discount accretion on existing investments. 

122 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 
 , which became effective April 25, 2019. On August 11, 2021, we received an exemptive order from SEC to permit us to exclude the senior securities issued by SBIC I or any future SBIC subsidiary of the Company from the definition of senior securities in the asset coverage requirement applicable to the Company under the 1940 Act. As of March 31, 2023, the Company s asset coverage was . 
 
 ) Credit Facility January 2026 Notes ) October 2026 Notes ) ) March 31, 2022 SBA Debentures ) Credit Facility January 2026 Notes ) October 2026 Notes ) ) 

Credit Facility 
 
 In August 2016, CSWC entered into a senior secured credit facility (the Credit Facility to provide additional liquidity to support its investment and operational activities. 
 
 On August 9, 2021, CSWC entered into the Second Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"). Prior to the Credit Agreement, (1) borrowings under the Credit Facility accrued interest on a per annum basis at a rate equal to the applicable LIBOR rate plus with LIBOR floor, and (2) the total borrowing capacity was million with commitments from a diversified group of lenders. The Credit Agreement (1) decreased the total borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility to million with commitments from a diversified group of lenders, (2) reduced the interest rate on borrowings to LIBOR plus with LIBOR floor and removed conditions related thereto as previously set forth in the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, and (3) extended the end of the Credit Facility's revolver period from December 21, 2022 to August 9, 2025 and extended the final maturity from December 21, 2023 to August 9, 2026. The Credit Agreement also modified certain covenants in the Credit Facility, including, among other things, to increase the minimum obligors net worth test from million to million. 
 
 The Credit Facility contains an accordion feature that allows CSWC to increase the total commitments under the Credit Facility up to million from new and existing lenders on the same terms and conditions as the existing commitments. On May 11, 2022, CSWC entered into Amendment No. 2 (the "Amendment") to the Credit Agreement. The Amendment changed the benchmark interest rate from LIBOR to Adjusted Term SOFR. In addition, CSWC entered into an Incremental Commitment Agreement, pursuant to which the total commitments under the Credit Agreement increased from million to million. On November 16, 2022, CSWC entered into an Incremental Assumption Agreement that 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 million, which increased total commitments from million to million. The million increase was provided by one existing lender and one new lender, bringing the total bank syndicate to participants. 
 
 CSWC pays unused commitment fees of to per annum, based on utilization, on the unused lender commitments under the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility contains certain affirmative and negative covenants, including but not limited to: (1) certain reporting requirements, (2) maintaining RIC and BDC status, (3) maintaining a minimum senior coverage ratio of to 1, (4) maintaining a minimum shareholders equity, (5) maintaining a minimum consolidated net worth, (6) maintaining a regulatory asset coverage of not less than , (7) maintaining an interest coverage ratio of at least to 1.0, and (8) at any time the outstanding advances exceed of the borrowing base, maintaining a minimum liquidity of not less than of the covered debt amount. 
 
 The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default, including, without limitation, nonpayment, misrepresentation of representations and warranties in a material respect, breach of covenant, bankruptcy, and change of control, with customary cure and notice provisions. If the Company defaults on its obligations under the Credit Agreement, the lenders may have the right to foreclose upon and sell, or otherwise transfer, the collateral subject to their security interests. 
 
 The Credit Facility is secured by (1) substantially all of the present and future property and assets of the Company and the guarantors and (2) 100 of the equity interests in the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary. As of March 31, 2023, substantially all of the Company s assets were pledged as collateral for the Credit Facility, except for assets held in SBIC I. 
 
 At March 31, 2023, CSWC had million in borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility. CSWC recognized interest expense related to the Credit Facility, including unused commitment fees and amortization of deferred loan costs, of million, million and million for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted average interest rate on the Credit Facility was and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Average borrowings for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 were million and million, respectively. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, CSWC was in compliance with all financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 October 2024 Notes 
 
 In September 2019, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2024 (the Existing October 2024 Notes ). In October 2019, the Company issued an additional million in aggregate principal amount of the October 2024 Notes (the "Additional October 2024 Notes"). In August 2020, the Company issued an additional million in aggregate principal amount of the October 2024 Notes (the "New Notes" together with the Existing October 2024 Notes and the Additional October 2024 Notes, the "October 2024 Notes"). The Additional October 2024 Notes and the New Notes were treated as a single series with the Existing October 2024 Notes under the indenture and had the same terms as the Existing October 2024 Notes. The maturity date of the October 2024 Notes was October 1, 2024, and the October 2024 Notes were redeemable in whole or in part at any time prior to July 1, 2024, at par plus a make-whole premium, and thereafter at par. The October 2024 Notes bore interest at a rate of per year. 
 
 On September 24, 2021, the Company redeemed million in aggregate principal amount of the issued and outstanding October 2024 Notes. The October 2024 Notes were redeemed at of their principal amount, plus (i) the accrued and unpaid interest thereon, through, but excluding the redemption date, and (ii) a "make-whole" premium. Accordingly, the Company recognized a realized loss on extinguishment of debt, equal to the write-off of the related unamortized debt issuance costs of million and the "make-whole" premium of million during the three months ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 The Company did t recognize any interest expense related to the October 2024 Notes for the year ended March 31, 2023. For the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized interest expense related to the October 2024 Notes, including amortization of deferred issuance costs, of million and million, respectively. From April 1, 2021 through September 24, 2021 (the redemption date of the October 2024 Notes), average borrowings were million. The October 2024 Notes had a weighted average effective yield of . 

124 

Table of Contents 

 million in aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2026 (the "Existing January 2026 Notes"). The Existing January 2026 Notes were issued at par. In February 2021, the Company issued an additional million in aggregate principal amount of the January 2026 Notes (the "Additional January 2026 Notes" together with the Existing January 2026 Notes, the "January 2026 Notes"). The Additional January 2026 Notes were issued at a price of of the aggregate principal amount of the Additional January 2026 Notes, resulting in a yield-to-maturity of approximately at issuance. The Additional January 2026 Notes are treated as a single series with the Existing January 2026 Notes under the indenture and have the same terms as the Existing January 2026 Notes. The January 2026 Notes mature on January 31, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time prior to October 31, 2025, at par plus a "make-whole" premium, and thereafter at par. The January 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually on January 31 and July 31 of each year. The January 2026 Notes are the direct unsecured obligations of the Company and rank pari passu with our other outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness and are effectively or structurally subordinated to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness, including borrowings under our Credit Facility and the SBA Debentures. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, the carrying amount of the January 2026 Notes was million on an aggregate principal amount of million at a weighted average effective yield of . As of March 31, 2023, the fair value of the January 2026 Notes was million. This is a Level 3 fair value measurement under ASC 820 based on a valuation model using a discounted cash flow analysis. The Company recognized interest expense related to the January 2026 Notes, including amortization of deferred issuance costs, of million, million and million for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For each of the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, average borrowings were million. 
 
 The indenture governing the January 2026 Notes contains certain covenants, including certain covenants requiring the Company to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, or any successor provisions, whether or not the Company continues to be subject to such provisions of the 1940 Act, but giving effect, in either case, to any exemptive relief granted to the Company by the SEC, to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, or any successor provisions, after giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to the Company by the SEC and subject to certain other exceptions, and to provide financial information to the holders of the January 2026 Notes and the trustee under the indenture if the Company is no longer subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the indenture and the third supplemental indenture relating to the January 2026 Notes. 
 
 In addition, holders of the January 2026 Notes can require the Company to repurchase some or all of the January 2026 Notes at a purchase price equal to of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the repurchase date upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event, as defined in the third supplemental indenture relating to the January 2026 Notes. 
 
 October 2026 Notes 
 
 In August 2021, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2026 (the "Existing October 2026 Notes"). The Existing October 2026 Notes were issued at a price of of the aggregate principal amount of the Existing October 2026 Notes, resulting in a yield-to-maturity of . In November 2021, the Company issued an additional million in aggregate principal amount of the October 2026 Notes (the "Additional October 2026 Notes" together with the Existing October 2026 Notes, the "October 2026 Notes"). The Additional October 2026 Notes were issued at a price of of the aggregate principal amount, resulting in a yield-to-maturity of approximately at issuance. The Additional October 2026 Notes are treated as a single series with the Existing October 2026 Notes under the indenture and have the same terms as the Existing October 2026 Notes. The October 2026 Notes mature on October 1, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time prior to July 1, 2026, at par plus a "make-whole" premium, and thereafter at par. The October 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year. The October 2026 Notes are the direct unsecured obligations of the Company and rank pari passu with our other outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness and are effectively or structurally subordinated to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness, including borrowings under our Credit Facility and the SBA Debentures. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, the carrying amount of the October 2026 Notes was million on an aggregate principal amount of million at a weighted average effective yield of . As of March 31, 2023, the fair value of the October 2026 Notes was million. This is a Level 3 fair value measurement under ASC 820 based on a valuation model using a discounted cash flow analysis. The Company recognized interest expense related to the October 2026 Notes, including 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For the year ended March 31, 2023, average borrowings were million. Since the issuance of the October 2026 Notes on August 27, 2021 through March 31, 2022, average borrowings were million. 
 
 The indenture governing the October 2026 Notes contains certain covenants, including certain covenants requiring the Company to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, or any successor provisions, whether or not the Company continues to be subject to such provisions of the 1940 Act, but giving effect, in either case, to any exemptive relief granted to the Company by the SEC, to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, or any successor provisions, after giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to the Company by the SEC and subject to certain other exceptions, and to provide financial information to the holders of the October 2026 Notes and the trustee under the indenture if the Company is no longer subject to the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the indenture and the fourth supplemental indenture relating to the October 2026 Notes. 
 
 In addition, holders of the October 2026 Notes can require the Company to repurchase some or all of the October 2026 Notes at a purchase price equal to of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the repurchase date upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event, as defined in the fourth supplemental indenture relating to the October 2026 Notes. 
 
 SBA Debentures 
 
 On April 20, 2021, SBIC I received a license from the SBA to operate as an SBIC under Section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended. The license allows SBIC I to obtain leverage by issuing SBA Debentures, subject to the issuance of a leverage commitment by the SBA. SBA Debentures are loans issued to an SBIC which have interest payable semi-annually and a maturity. The interest rate is fixed shortly after issuance at a market-driven spread over U.S. Treasury Notes with maturities. Interest on SBA Debentures is payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1. Current statutes and regulations permit SBIC I to borrow up to million in SBA Debentures with at least million in regulatory capital (as defined in the SBA regulations). 
 
 On May 25, 2021, SBIC I received a leverage commitment from the SBA in the amount of million to be issued on or prior to September 30, 2025. On January 28, 2022, SBIC I received an additional leverage commitment in the amount of million to be issued on or prior to September 30, 2026. On November 22, 2022, SBIC I received an additional leverage commitment in the amount of million to be issued on or prior to September 30, 2027. As of March 31, 2023, SBIC I had regulatory capital of million and leverageable capital of million. As of March 31, 2023, SBIC I had a total leverage commitment from the SBA in the amount of million, of which million remains unused. The SBA may limit the amount that may be drawn each year under these commitments, and each issuance of leverage is conditioned on the Company s full compliance, as determined by the SBA, with the terms and conditions set forth in the SBA regulations. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, the carrying amount of SBA Debentures was million on an aggregate principal amount of million. As of March 31, 2023, the fair value of the SBA Debentures was million. The fair value of the SBA Debentures is estimated by discounting the remaining payments using current market rates for similar instruments and considering such factors as the legal maturity date and the ability of market participants to prepay the SBA Debentures, which are Level 3 inputs under ASC 820. The Company recognized interest expense and fees related to SBA Debentures of million and million for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The weighted average interest rate on the SBA Debentures was and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, average borrowings were million and million, respectively. 
 
 3/23/2022 3/1/2032 9/21/2022 9/1/2032 3/22/2023 3/1/2033 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 scheduled pooling dates for SBA Debentures (in March and in September). Certain SBA Debentures funded during the reporting periods may not be pooled until the subsequent pooling date. 

Credit Facility January 2026 Notes October 2026 Notes Total 

6. 
 
 million, or per share per share in regular dividends and per share in supplemental dividends). 
 
 June 30, 2022 1 
 September 30, 2022 December 31, 2022 2 
 Tax Year Ended December 31, 2021 March 31, 2021 3 
 June 30, 2021 3 
 September 30, 2021 3 
 December 31, 2021 4 
 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 June 30, 2020 3 
 September 30, 2020 3 
 December 31, 2020 3 

1 On June 30, 2022, CSWC paid a regular dividend of per share and a special dividend of per share. 
 2 On December 31, 2022, CSWC paid a regular dividend of per share and a supplemental dividend of per share. 
 3 On each of these dates, the dividend paid included a supplemental dividend of per share. 
 4 On December 31, 2021, CSWC paid a regular dividend of per share and a supplemental dividend of per share. ) Total distributable earnings 
 
 The determination of the tax attributes for CSWC s distributions is made after tax year end, based upon its taxable income for the full year and distributions paid for the full tax year. Therefore, any determination made on an interim basis for fiscal year end is forward-looking based on currently available facts, rules and assumptions and may not be representative of the actual tax attributes of distributions determined at tax year end. 
 
 For tax purposes, the 2022 dividends totaled per share and were comprised entirely of ordinary income. In addition, of each of the ordinary distributions represent interest-related dividends. of total distributions represent the portion of CSWC s dividends received by non-U.S. residents and foreign corporation shareholders that are generally exempt from U.S. withholding tax. For tax purposes, the 2021 dividends totaled per share and were comprised entirely of ordinary income. In addition, of each of the ordinary distributions represent interest-related dividends. of total distributions represent the portion of CSWC s dividends received by non-U.S. residents and foreign corporation shareholders that are generally exempt from U.S. withholding tax. 
 
 Ordinary dividend distributions from a RIC do not qualify for the 20 maximum tax rate on dividend income from domestic corporations and qualified foreign corporations, except to the extent that the RIC received the income in the form of qualifying dividends from domestic corporations and qualified foreign corporations. The tax attributes for distributions will generally include both ordinary income and capital gains, but may also include qualified dividends or return of capital. 
 
 Distributions of long term capital gains Distributions on tax basis 1 
 
 1 Includes only those distributions which reduce estimated taxable income. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, CSWC estimates that it has cumulative undistributed taxable income of approximately million, or per share, that will be carried forward toward distributions to be paid in future periods. We intend to meet the applicable qualifications to be taxed as a RIC in future periods. 
 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 Net unrealized depreciation (appreciation) on investments ) ) Income/gain (expense/loss) recognized for tax on pass-through entities ) (Gain) loss recognized on dispositions ) Capital loss carryover 2 
 ) Net operating income - wholly-owned subsidiary ) ) Dividend income from wholly-owned subsidiary Non-deductible tax expense Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Non-deductible compensation Compensation related book/tax differences Interest on non-accrual loans Other book/tax differences Estimated distributable income before deductions for distributions Distributions 3 : 
 Ordinary Capital gains Deemed distributions Distributions payable 3 
 Estimated annual RIC undistributed taxable income ) ) 
 
 1 The calculation of taxable income for each period is an estimate and will not be finally determined until the Company files its tax return each year. Final taxable income may be different than this estimate. 
 2 At March 31, 2023, the Company had long-term capital loss carryforwards of million to offset future capital gains. These capital loss carryforwards are not subject to expiration. 
 3 Includes only those distributions which reduce estimated distributable income. 
 
 Undistributed net realized (loss) gain ) ) ) Unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments ) ) ) Other temporary differences ) ) Components of distributable earnings at year-end ) ) 
 
 1 The calculation of taxable income for each period is an estimate and will not be finally determined until the Company files its tax return each year. Final taxable income may be different than this estimate. 
 
 A RIC may elect to retain all or a portion of its net capital gains by designating them as a deemed distribution to its shareholders and paying a federal tax on the net capital gains for the benefit of its shareholders. Shareholders then report their share of the retained capital gains on their income tax returns as if it had been received and report a tax credit for tax paid on their behalf by the RIC. Shareholders then add the amount of the deemed distribution net of such tax to the basis of their shares. For the tax years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were no long-term capital gains and therefore had no deemed distributions to our shareholders or federal taxes incurred related to such items. 
 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 million, with such investments having gross unrealized appreciation of million and gross unrealized depreciation of million, resulting in net unrealized depreciation of million. As of March 31, 2023, the cost of investments held at the Taxable Subsidiary for U.S. federal income tax purposes was million, with such investments having gross unrealized appreciation of million and gross unrealized depreciation of million, resulting in net unrealized appreciation of million. On a consolidated basis, the total investment portfolio has net unrealized depreciation of million for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 CSMC, a former wholly-owned subsidiary of CSWC, was not a RIC, and was required to pay taxes at the current corporate rate. Effective December 31, 2020, CSMC merged with and into CSWC, which is not subject to corporate federal income taxes. For tax purposes, CSMC had elected to be treated as a taxable entity, and therefore was not consolidated for tax purposes and was taxed at normal corporate tax rates based on its taxable income and, as a result of its activities, may generate an income tax provision or benefit. The Taxable Subsidiary is not a RIC and is required to pay taxes at the current corporate rate. For tax purposes, the Taxable Subsidiary has elected to be treated as a taxable entity, and therefore is not consolidated for tax purposes and is taxed at normal corporate tax rates based on its taxable income and, as a result of its activities, may generate an income tax provision or benefit. 
 
 The taxable income, or loss, of CSMC and the Taxable Subsidiary may differ from book income, or loss, due to temporary book and tax timing differences and permanent differences. This income tax provision, or benefit, if any, and the related tax assets and liabilities, are reflected in our consolidated financial statements. CSMC recorded deferred taxes related to the changes in the restoration plan and bonus accruals on a quarterly basis. The Taxable Subsidiary records valuation adjustments related to its investments on a quarterly basis. Deferred taxes related to the unrealized gain/loss on investments are also recorded on a quarterly basis. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Establishing a valuation allowance of a deferred tax asset requires management to make estimates related to expectations of future taxable income. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the Taxable Subsidiary had a deferred tax liability of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Based on our assessment of our unrecognized tax benefits, management believes that all benefits will be realized and they do not contain any uncertain tax positions. 

130 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Total deferred tax asset Deferred tax liabilities: Net unrealized appreciation on investments ) ) Net basis differences in portfolio investments ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax (liabilities) assets ) ) 
 
 The income tax provision, or benefit, and the related tax assets and liabilities, generated by CSWC and the Taxable Subsidiary, if any, are reflected in CSWC s consolidated financial statements. For the year ended March 31, 2023, we recognized a net income tax provision of million, principally consisting of a million accrual for U.S. federal excise tax and a million tax benefit relating to the Taxable Subsidiary. For the year ended March 31, 2022, we recognized a net income tax provision of million, principally consisting of a million accrual for U.S. federal excise tax and a million tax provision relating to the Taxable Subsidiary. For the year ended March 31, 2021, we recognized total net income tax provision of million, principally consisting of a million accrual for U.S. federal excise tax and a provision for U.S. federal income taxes relating to CSMC of million (all of which is related to the write off of the deferred tax asset at CSMC). 
 
 Although we believe our tax returns are correct, the final determination of tax examinations could be different from what was reported on the returns. In our opinion, we have made adequate tax provisions for years subject to examination. Generally, we are currently open to audit under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service as well as state taxing authorities for the years ended December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2021. 
 
 Excise tax Write-off of deferred tax asset Tax (benefit) provision related to Taxable Subsidiary ) Stock compensation benefits ) Other Total income tax provision (benefit) 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 
 shares of common stock, including shares issuable pursuant to the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares, at a public offering price of per share, raising million of gross proceeds. Net proceeds were million after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. 
 
 Equity ATM Program 
 
 On March 4, 2019, the Company established the Equity ATM Program, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time through sales agents, shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to . On February 4, 2020, the Company (i) increased the maximum amount of shares of its common stock to be sold through the Equity ATM Program to from and (ii) added additional sales agents to the Equity ATM Program. On May 26, 2021, the Company (i) increased the maximum amount of shares of its common stock to be sold through the Equity ATM Program to from and (ii) reduced the commission paid to the sales agents for the Equity ATM Program to from of the gross sales price of shares of the Company's common stock sold through the sales agents pursuant to the Equity ATM Program on and after May 26, 2021. On August 2, 2022, the Company increased the maximum amount of shares of its common stock to be sold through the Equity ATM Program to from . 
 
 Gross proceeds received (in thousands) Net proceeds received (in thousands) 1 
 Weighted average price per share 
 
 1 Net proceeds reflects proceeds after deducting commissions to the sales agents on shares sold and offering expenses. As of March 31, 2023, proceeds remained receivable. As of March 31, 2022, million in proceeds remained receivable and was included in other receivables in the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities.. 
 
 Cumulative to date, the Company has sold shares of its common stock under the Equity ATM Program at a weighted-average price of , raising million of gross proceeds. Net proceeds were million after commissions to the sales agents on shares sold. As of March 31, 2023, the Company has million available under the Equity ATM Program. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 The right to grant restricted stock awards under the 2010 Plan terminated on July 18, 2021, after the date that the 2010 Plan was approved by the Company s shareholders pursuant to its terms. In connection with the termination of the 2010 Plan, the Company s Board of Directors and shareholders approved the 2021 Employee Plan, which became effective on July 28, 2021, as part of the compensation package for its employees, the terms of which are, in all material respects, identical to the 2010 Plan. On July 19, 2021, we received an exemptive order that supersedes the prior exemptive order relating to the 2010 Plan (the Order to permit the Company to (i) issue restricted stock as part of the compensation package for its employees in the 2021 Employee Plan, and (ii) withhold shares of the Company s common stock or purchase shares of the Company s common stock from the participants to satisfy tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of restricted stock pursuant to the 2021 Employee Plan. 
 
 In addition, the Company's Board of Directors and shareholders approved the Capital Southwest Corporation 2021 Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan (the "Non-Employee Director Plan"), which became effective on July 27, 2022, as part of the compensation package for non-employee directors of the Board of Directors. In connection therewith, on May 16, 2022, we received an exemptive order that supersedes the Order (the "Superseding Order") and covers both employees and non-employee directors of the Board of Directors. 
 132 

Table of Contents 

Aggregate cost of shares repurchased (in thousands) Weighted average price per share 
 
 million of its outstanding shares of common stock in the open market at certain thresholds below its NAV per share, in accordance with guidelines specified in Rules 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B) and 10b-18 under the Exchange Act. On August 31, 2021, the Company entered into a share repurchase agreement, which became effective immediately, and the Company will cease purchasing its common stock under the share repurchase program upon the earlier of, among other things: (1) the date on which the aggregate purchase price for all shares equals million including, without limitation, all applicable fees, costs and expenses; or (2) upon written notice by the Company to the broker that the share repurchase agreement is terminated. During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did not repurchase any shares under the share repurchase program. 

8. 
 
 period from the grant date and are expensed over the vesting period starting on the grant date. 
 
 The right to grant restricted stock awards under the 2010 Plan terminated on July 18, 2021, after the date that the 2010 Plan was approved by the Company s shareholders pursuant to its terms. 
 
 In connection with the termination of the 2010 Plan, the Company s Board of Directors and shareholders approved the 2021 Employee Plan as part of the compensation packages for its employees, the terms of which are, in all material respects, identical to the 2010 Plan. The 2021 Employee Plan makes available for issuance shares of common stock. As of March 31, 2023, there are shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2021 Employee Plan. 
 
 In addition, the Company's Board of Directors and shareholders approved the Non-Employee Director Plan as part of the compensation package for non-employee directors of the Board of Directors. Under the Non-Employee Director Plan, at the beginning of each term of service on our Board, each non-employee director will receive a number of shares equivalent to based on the market value at the close of the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the date of grant. These shares will vest from the date of the grant and are expensed over the term of non-employee directors. The Non-Employee Director Plan makes available for issuance shares of common stock. As of March 31, 2023, there are shares of common stock available for issuance under the Non-Employee Director Plan. 
 
 We expense the cost of the restricted stock awards, which is determined to equal the fair value of the restricted stock award at the date of grant on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. For these purposes, the fair value of the restricted stock award is determined based upon the closing price of our common stock on the date of the grant. 
 
 For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we recognized total share based compensation expense of million (of which million was related to restricted stock issued to non-employee directors), million and million, respectively, related to the restricted stock issued. 
 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company modified restricted stock awards to accelerate vesting of the unvested awards as of the separation date for employee. The Company accounted for this as a modification of awards and recognized incremental compensation cost of million. The incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess of the fair value of the modified award over the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms were modified and recognized as compensation cost on the date of modification for vested awards. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, the total remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock awards was million, which will be amortized over the weighted-average vesting period of approximately years. 
 133 

Table of Contents 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at March 31, 2022 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at March 31, 2023 

The following table summarizes the restricted stock outstanding under the Non-Employee Director Plan as of March 31, 2023: 
 Weighted Average Weighted Average Fair Value Per Remaining Vesting Restricted Stock Awards Number of Shares Share at grant date Term (in Years) Unvested at March 31, 2022 
 Granted Vested Forfeited Unvested at March 31, 2023 

9. 
 
 of the Internal Revenue Service s annual maximum eligible compensation, all of which is fully vested immediately. During each of the year ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we made matching contributions of approximately million. 
 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 Net pension cost from restoration plan 
 
 Years ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Change in benefit obligation Benefit obligation at beginning of year Interest cost ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year 
 Years ended March 31, 2023 2022 Amounts recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities Projected benefit obligation ) ) Net actuarial (gain) loss recognized as a component of equity ) Total ) ) Accumulated benefit obligation ) ) 
 
 The corridor approach is used to amortize the actuarial gains or losses based on 10 of the projected benefit obligation. The increase in the actuarial gain in the current year was primarily due to the death of a retired participant in the Retirement Restoration Plan. 

135 

Table of Contents 

The following assumptions were used in estimating the net periodic (income)/expense: 
 Years ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Discount rate 

136 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 
 Acceleration, LLC Air Conditioning Specialist, Inc. American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. (DBA Premiere Global Services, Inc.) ArborWorks, LLC ATS Operating, LLC Cadmium, LLC Catbird NYC, LLC Cavalier Buyer, Inc. Central Medical Supply LLC Dynamic Communities, LLC Exact Borrower, LLC Fast Sandwich, LLC FM Sylvan, Inc. Gains Intermediate, LLC GPT Industries, LLC GrammaTech, Inc. GS Operating, LLC Gulf Pacific Acquisition, LLC ISI Enterprises, LLC Island Pump and Tank, LLC ITA Holdings Group, LLC Klein Hersh, LLC Lash OpCo, LLC Lighting Retrofit International, LLC (DBA Envocore) Lightning Intermediate II, LLC Mako Steel LP Microbe Formulas LLC Muenster Milling Company, LLC NeuroPsychiatric Hospitals, LLC New Skinny Mixes, LLC NinjaTrader, Inc. NWN Parent Holdings, LLC 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 Outerbox, LLC Pipeline Technique Ltd. Roof OpCo, LLC Roseland Management, LLC RTIC Subsidiary Holdings LLC Shearwater Research, Inc. SIB Holdings, LLC South Coast Terminals LLC Spotlight AR, LLC Student Resource Center, LLC Systec Corporation (DBA Inspire Automation) Versicare Management LLC Wall Street Prep, Inc. Well-Foam, Inc. Winter Services Operations, LLC Zenfolio Inc. Total Revolving Loans Delayed Draw Term Loans AAC New Holdco Inc. Acacia BuyerCo V LLC Acceleration, LLC Central Medical Supply LLC CityVet Inc. Exact Borrower, LLC Flip Electronics, LLC FoodPharma Subsidiary Holdings, LLC Gains Intermediate, LLC GS Operating, LLC Gulf Pacific Acquisition, LLC Infolinks Media Buyco, LLC KMS, LLC Lash OpCo, LLC Muenster Milling Company, LLC NeuroPsychiatric Hospitals, LLC New Skinny Mixes, LLC NinjaTrader, Inc. Roof OpCo, LLC Shearwater Research, Inc. SIB Holdings, LLC Systec Corporation (DBA Inspire Automation) US CourtScript Holdings, Inc. Versicare Management LLC Winter Services Operations, LLC Zips Car Wash, LLC - B 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 Total Unfunded Debt Commitments 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Total Unfunded Debt Commitments 
 
 Infolinks Media Buyco, LLC I-45 SLF LLC Total Unfunded Equity Commitments 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, total revolving and delayed draw loan commitments included commitments to issue letters of credit through a financial intermediary on behalf of certain portfolio companies. As of March 31, 2023, the Company had million in letters of credit issued and outstanding under these commitments on behalf of portfolio companies. For all of these letters of credit issued and outstanding, the Company would be required to make payments to third parties if the portfolio companies were to default on their related payment obligations. Of these letters of credit, million expire in August 2023, million expire in February 2024, and million expire in April 2024. As of March 31, 2023, none of the letters of credit issued and outstanding were recorded as a liability on the Company's balance sheet as such letters of credit are considered in the valuation of the investments in the portfolio company. 
 
 Effective April 1, 2019, ASC 842 required that a lessee evaluate its leases to determine whether they should be classified as operating or financing leases. The Company previously had an operating lease for its office space that commenced October 1, 2014 and expired February 28, 2022. In March 2021, the Company executed an agreement to lease new office space that commenced on February 1, 2022 and expires September 30, 2032. The Company identified the foregoing as an operating lease. 
 
 ASC 842 indicates that an ROU asset and lease liability should be recorded based on the effective date. As such, CSWC recorded an ROU asset, which is included in other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, and a lease liability, which is included in other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, as of February 1, 2022. The Company has recorded lease expense on a straight-line basis. 
 
 Total lease expense incurred for the three years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. As of both March 31, 2023 and 2022, the asset related to the operating lease was million 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. As of March 31, 2023, the remaining lease term was years and the discount rate was . 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 We may, from time to time, be involved in litigation arising out of our operations in the normal course of business or otherwise. Furthermore, third parties may try to seek to impose liability on us in connection with the activities of our portfolio companies. To our knowledge, we have no currently pending material legal proceedings to which we are party or to which any of our assets are subject. 
 
 140 

Table of Contents 

 12. 
 Net realized gain (loss) on investments, net of tax ) ) ) Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments, net of tax ) ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations Pre-tax net investment income per share Net investment income per share Net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations per share First Second Third Fourth 2022 Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Total Net investment income Net realized (loss) gain on investments ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, net of tax ) ) Realized loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Realized loss on disposal of fixed assets ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations ) Pre-tax net investment income per share Net investment income per share Net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations per share 
 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 
 t receive any management fees from our portfolio companies. As of both March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, we had dividends receivable from I-45 SLF LLC of million, which were included in dividends and interest receivables on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. Additionally, we recognized administrative fee income from I-45 SLF LLC of million for the year ended March 31, 2023, which was included in fee income on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 14. 
 
 Operating expenses 1 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Income taxes 1 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net investment income 1 
 Net realized (loss) gain, net of tax 1 
 ) ) Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments, net of tax 1 
 ) ) ) Realized loss on extinguishment of debt 1 
 ) ) Total increase (decrease) from investment operations ) Accretive effect of share issuances and repurchases ) Dividends to shareholders ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Spin-off Compensation Plan Distribution, net of tax ) ) Issuance of restricted stock 1,2 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Common stock withheld for payroll taxes upon vesting of restricted stock ) ) ) ) Exercise of employee stock options 3 
 ) ) Share based compensation expense Change in restoration plan ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock Other 4 
 ) ) (Decrease) increase in net asset value ) ) ) Net asset value Beginning of period End of period Ratios and Supplemental Data Ratio of operating expenses to average net assets Ratio of net investment income to average net assets Portfolio turnover Total investment return 5 
 ) ) Total return based on change in NAV 6 
 ) 
 143 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted-average basic shares outstanding Weighted-average diluted shares outstanding Common shares outstanding at end of period 
 
 1 Based on weighted average of common shares outstanding for the period. 
 2 Reflects impact of the different share amounts as a result of issuance or forfeiture of restricted stock during the period. 
 3 Net decrease is due to the exercise of employee stock options at prices less than beginning of period net asset value. 
 4 Includes the impact of the different share amounts as a result of calculating certain per share data based on the weighted-average basic shares outstanding during the period and certain per share data based on the shares outstanding as of a period end. The balance increases with the increase in variability of shares outstanding throughout the year due to share issuance and repurchase activity. 
 5 Total investment return based on purchase of stock at the current market price on the first day and a sale at the current market price on the last day of each period reported on the table and assumes reinvestment of dividends at prices obtained by CSWC s dividend reinvestment plan during the period. The return does not reflect any sales load that may be paid by an investor. 

144 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 
 million, consisting of million from CSWC and million from Main Street. On April 30, 2020, pursuant to the terms of the Initial I-45 LLC Agreement, each of CSWC and Main Street made an additional equity capital commitment of million and million, respectively, which resulted in a total equity capital commitment to I-45 SLF LLC of million and million, respectively. 
 
 On March 11, 2021, the Company and Main Street entered into the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement (the "Amendment"), which increased the current profits interest that is allocated to the Company on a pro rata basis from (a) to (b) an amount equal to: (i) as of the date of the Amendment through the quarter ended March 31, 2021; (ii) for quarter ended June 30, 2021; (iii) for the quarter ended September 30, 2021; and (iv) for the quarter ended December 31, 2021 and periods thereafter. 
 
 On March 25, 2021, I-45 SLF LLC declared a return of capital dividend to its members in the amount of million. As of March 31, 2023, total funded equity capital totaled million, consisting of million from CSWC and million from Main Street. CSWC owns of I-45 SLF LLC and has a current profits interest of , while Main Street owns and has a current profits interest of . I-45 SLF LLC's Board of Managers makes all investment and operational decisions for the fund, and consists of equal representation from CSWC and Main Street. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, I-45 SLF LLC had total assets of million and million, respectively. I-45 SLF LLC had approximately million and million of total investments at fair value as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. The portfolio companies in I-45 SLF LLC are in industries similar to those in which CSWC may invest directly. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, I-45 SLF LLC declared total dividends of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Additionally, I-45 SLF LLC closed on a million -year senior secured credit facility (the I-45 credit facility in November 2015. The I-45 credit facility includes an accordion feature which will allow I-45 SLF LLC to achieve leverage of approximately x debt-to-equity. Borrowings under the I-45 credit facility are secured by all of the assets of I-45 SLF LLC and bear interest at a rate equal to LIBOR plus per annum. During the year ended March 31, 2017, I-45 SLF LLC increased debt commitments outstanding by an additional million by adding additional lenders to the syndicate, bringing total debt commitments to million. In July 2017, the I-45 credit facility was amended to extend the maturity to July 2022. Additionally, the amendment reduced the interest rate on borrowings to LIBOR plus per annum. In November 2019, the I-45 credit facility was amended to extend the maturity to November 2024 and to reduce the interest rate on borrowings to LIBOR plus per annum. On April 30, 2020, the I-45 credit facility was amended to permanently reduce the I-45 credit facility amount through a prepayment of million and to change the minimum utilization requirements. In March 2021, the I-45 credit facility was amended to extend the maturity to March 25, 2026 and to reduce the interest rate on borrowings to LIBOR plus . On March 30, 2023, the I-45 credit facility was further amended to permanently reduce the I-45 credit facility debt commitments to million and replace LIBOR with Term SOFR as the reference interest rate. After giving effect to the amendment, the interest rate on borrowings is Term SOFR plus per annum. Under the I-45 credit facility, million has been drawn as of March 31, 2023. 
 145 

Table of Contents 

and 
 Cash and cash equivalents Interest receivable Accounts receivable Deferred financing costs and other assets Total assets Senior credit facility payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Members equity Total liabilities and members' equity 
 
 Years Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Selected Statement of Operations Information: Total revenues Total expenses ) ) ) Net investment income Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation ) ) Net realized gains (losses) ) Net (decrease) increase in members equity resulting from operations ) 

146 

Table of Contents 

 PIK 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 5 
 6/25/2025 PIK 
 shares common stock 
 Warrants (Expiration - December 11, 2025) ADS Tactical, Inc. Aerospace defense First Lien 3/19/2026 L+ 
 (Floor 
 American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. 3 
 Telecommunications Revolving Loan 4/7/2023 P+ 
 (Floor 
 First Lien 6/8/2023 P+ 
 (Floor 
 Burning Glass Intermediate Holding Company, Inc. 
 Software IT services Revolving Loan 4 
 6/10/2028 L+ 
 (Floor 
 First Lien 6/10/2028 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Corel Inc. Software IT services First Lien 7/2/2026 SOFR+ 
 Emerald Technologies (U.S.) Acquisitionco, Inc. Technology products components First Lien 12/29/2027 SOFR+ 
 (Floor 
 Evergreen AcqCo 1 LP 
 Consumer products retail First Lien 4/26/2028 SOFR+ 
 (Floor 
 Evergreen North America Acquisitions, LLC Industrial services First Lien 8/13/2026 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Geo Parent Corporation Building infrastructure products First Lien 12/19/2025 SOFR+ 
 Infogain Corporation Software IT services First Lien 7/28/2028 SOFR+ 
 (Floor 
 Integro Parent Inc. Business services First Lien 5/8/2023 SOFR+ PIK 
 (Floor 
 Intermedia Holdings, Inc. Software IT services First Lien 7/21/2025 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Inventus Power, Inc. Technology products components First Lien 3/29/2024 SOFR+ 
 (Floor 
 INW Manufacturing, LLC Food, agriculture, beverage First Lien 3/25/2027 L+ 
 (Floor 
 
 147 

Table of Contents 

(Floor 
 KORE Wireless Group Inc. Telecommunications First Lien 12/20/2024 SOFR+ 
 Lab Logistics, LLC Healthcare services First Lien 9/25/2023 SOFR+ 
 (Floor 
 Lash OpCo, LLC Consumer products retail First Lien 
 3/18/2026 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Lift Brands, Inc. Consumer services Tranche A 6/29/2025 SOFR+ 
 (Floor 
 Tranche B 6/29/2025 PIK 
 Tranche C 6/29/2025 shares common stock 
 Lightbox Intermediate, L.P. Software IT services First Lien 5/9/2026 L+ 
 LOGIX Holdings Company, LLC Telecommunications First Lien 12/23/2024 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Mills Fleet Farm Group LLC Consumer products retail First Lien 10/24/2024 L+ 
 (Floor 
 National Credit Care Consumer services First Lien - Term Loan A 12/23/2026 L+ 
 (Floor 
 First Lien - Term Loan B 12/23/2026 L+ 
 (Floor 
 NBG Acquisition, Inc. 3 
 Wholesale First Lien 4/26/2024 L+ 
 (Floor 
 NinjaTrader, Inc. Financial services First Lien 12/18/2024 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Research Now Group, Inc. Business services First Lien 12/20/2024 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Retail Services WIS Corporation Business services First Lien 5/20/2025 L+ 
 (Floor 
 SIB Holdings, LLC Business services First Lien 10/29/2026 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Stellant Midco, LLC Aerospace defense First Lien 10/2/2028 SOFR+ 
 (Floor 
 Tacala, LLC Consumer products retail First Lien 2/5/2027 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Second Lien 2/4/2028 L+ 
 (Floor 
 TEAM Services Group, LLC Healthcare services First Lien 12/20/2027 L+ 
 (Floor 
 U.S. TelePacific Corp. Telecommunications First Lien 5/1/2026 SOFR+ , PIK 
 (Floor 
 
 148 

Table of Contents 

(Floor 
 Vida Capital, Inc. Financial services First Lien 10/1/2026 L+ 
 Wahoo Fitness Acquisition, LLC 3 
 Consumer products retail First Lien 8/14/2028 SOFR+ 
 (Floor 
 YS Garments, LLC Consumer products retail First Lien 8/9/2026 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Total Investments 
 
 1 Represents the interest rate as of March 31, 2023. All interest rates are payable in cash, unless otherwise noted. The majority of investments bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or L ), Prime P or Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), which reset daily, monthly, quarterly, or semiannually. For each investment, the Company has provided the spread over LIBOR, Prime, or SOFR in effect at March 31, 2023. Certain investments are subject to an interest rate floor. 
 2 Represents the fair value determined utilizing a similar process as the Company in accordance with ASC 820. However, the determination of such fair value is determined by the Board of Managers of I-45 SLF LLC. It is not included in the Company s Board of Directors valuation process described elsewhere herein. 
 3 Investment is on non-accrual status as of March 31, 2023, meaning the Company has ceased to recognize interest income on the investment. 
 4 The investment has approximately thousand in an unfunded revolving loan commitment as of March 31, 2023. 
 5 The investment has approximately thousand in an unfunded delayed draw loan commitment as of March 31, 2023. 
 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 , PIK 
 shares common stock 
 Warrants (Expiration - December 11, 2025) ADS Tactical, Inc. Aerospace defense First Lien 3/19/2026 L+ 
 (Floor 
 American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. 4 
 Telecommunications Revolving Loan 6/30/2022 P+ 
 First Lien 6/8/2023 P+ 
 ATX Networks (Toronto) Corporation Technology products components First Lien 9/1/2026 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Senior Subordinated Debt 9/1/2028 PIK 
 Class A units 
 Burning Glass Intermediate Holding Company, Inc. Software IT services Revolving Loan 5 
 6/10/2028 L+ 
 (Floor 
 First Lien 6/10/2028 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Corel, Inc. Software IT services First Lien 7/2/2026 L+ 
 Emerald Technologies (U.S.) Acquisitionco, Inc. Technology products components First Lien 12/29/2027 SOFR + 
 (Floor 
 Evergreen AcqCo 1 LP Consumer products retail First Lien 4/26/2028 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Evergreen North America Acquisitions, LLC Industrial services First Lien 8/13/2026 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Geo Parent Corporation Building infrastructure products First Lien 12/19/2025 L+ 
 GS Operating, LLC Distribution First Lien 1/3/2028 SOFR + 
 (Floor 
 Infogain Corporation Software IT services First Lien 7/28/2028 L+ 
 (Floor 
 InfoGroup Inc. Software IT services First Lien 4/3/2023 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Integro Parent Inc. Business services First Lien 10/28/2022 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Intermedia Holdings, Inc. Software IT services First Lien 7/21/2025 L+ 
 (Floor 
 
 150 

Table of Contents 

(Floor 
 INW Manufacturing, LLC Food, agriculture, beverage First Lien 3/25/2027 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Isagenix International, LLC Consumer products retail First Lien 6/14/2025 L+ 
 (Floor 
 KORE Wireless Group Inc. Telecommunications First Lien 12/20/2024 L+ 
 Lab Logistics, LLC Healthcare services First Lien 9/25/2023 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Lash OpCo, LLC Consumer products retail First Lien 3/18/2026 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan 6 
 3/18/2026 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Lift Brands, Inc. Consumer services Tranche A 6/29/2025 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Tranche B 6/29/2025 PIK 
 Tranche C 6/29/2025 shares common stock 
 Lightbox Intermediate, L.P. Software IT services First Lien 5/9/2026 L+ 
 LOGIX Holdings Company, LLC Telecommunications First Lien 12/23/2024 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Mills Fleet Farm Group LLC Consumer products retail First Lien 10/24/2024 L+ 
 (Floor 
 National Credit Care, LLC Consumer services First Lien - Term Loan A 12/23/2026 L+ 
 (Floor 
 First Lien - Term Loan B 12/23/2026 L+ 
 (Floor 
 NBG Acquisition, Inc. Wholesale First Lien 4/26/2024 L+ 
 (Floor 
 NinjaTrader, Inc. Financial services First Lien 12/18/2024 L+ 
 (Floor 
 NorthStar Group Services, Inc. Environmental services First Lien 11/9/2026 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Research Now Group, Inc. Business services First Lien 12/20/2024 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Retail Services WIS Corporation Business services First Lien 5/20/2025 L+ 
 (Floor 
 SIB Holdings, LLC Business services First Lien 10/29/2026 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Stellant Midco, LLC Aerospace defense First Lien 10/2/2028 L+ 
 (Floor 
 
 151 

Table of Contents 

(Floor 
 TEAM Services Group, LLC Healthcare services First Lien 12/20/2027 L+ 
 (Floor 
 TestEquity, LLC Capital equipment First Lien 4/28/2022 L+ 
 (Floor 
 First Lien - Term Loan B 4/28/2022 L+ 
 (Floor 
 UniTek Global Services, Inc. Telecommunications First Lien 8/20/2024 L+ , PIK 
 (Floor 
 U.S. TelePacific Corp. Telecommunications First Lien 5/1/2026 L+ , PIK 
 (Floor 
 Veregy Consolidated, Inc. Environmental services First Lien 11/3/2027 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Vida Capital, Inc. Financial services First Lien 10/1/2026 L+ 
 Wahoo Fitness Acquisition, LLC Consumer products retail First Lien 8/14/2028 L+ 
 (Floor 
 YS Garments, LLC Consumer products retail First Lien 8/9/2024 L+ 
 (Floor 
 Total Investments 
 
 1 Represents the interest rate as of March 31, 2022. All interest rates are payable in cash, unless otherwise noted. The majority of investments bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or L ), Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") or Prime Prime which reset daily, monthly, quarterly, or semiannually. For each, the Company has provided the spread over LIBOR, SOFR or Prime in effect at March 31, 2022. Certain investments are subject to an interest rate floor. Certain investments, as noted, accrue payment-in-kind ("PIK") interest. 
 2 Represents amortized cost. 
 3 Represents the fair value determined utilizing a similar process as the Company in accordance with ASC 820. However, the determination of such fair value is determined by the Board of Managers of I-45 SLF LLC. It is not included in the Company s Board of Directors valuation process described elsewhere herein. 
 4 Investment is on non-accrual status as of March 31, 2022, meaning the Company has ceased to recognize interest income on the investment. 
 5 The investment has approximately million in an unfunded revolving loan commitment as of March 31, 2022. 
 6 The investment has approximately million in an unfunded delayed draw term loan commitment as of March 31, 2022. 
 
 152 

Table of Contents 

 16. 
 
 per share, comprised of a regular dividend of and a supplemental dividend of , for the quarter ending June 30, 2023. The record date for the dividend is June 15, 2023. The payment date for the dividend is June 30, 2023. 
 
 On April 26, 2023, pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, the Board of Directors designated a committee of certain officers of the Company as the Board's valuation designee (the "Valuation Designee") to determine the fair value of the Company's investments that do not have readily available market quotations, subject to the oversight of the Board of Directors, effective beginning as of the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2023. 
 
 153 

Table of Contents 

 LLC equity interest 
 ) Total Control Investments ) Affiliate Investments Air Conditioning Specialists, Inc. Revolving Loan ) First Lien ) Preferred Units 
 Catbird NYC, LLC Revolving Loan ) First Lien ) ) Class A Units 
 Class B Units 
 Central Medical Supply LLC Revolving Loan First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan ) Preferred Units 
 ) Chandler Signs, LLC units of Class A-1 common stock 
 Delphi Intermediate Healthco LLC First Lien ) First Lien ) Protective Advance ) Common Units 
 ) 
 154 

Table of Contents 

 ) First Lien ) First Lien - Term Loan A ) ) ) First Lien - Term Loan B ) ) ) Senior subordinated debt ) ) Preferred units 
 ) Class A Preferred units 
 Class B Preferred units 
 Class C Preferred units 
 Common units 
 GPT Industries, LLC Revolving loan ) First lien Class A Preferred Units 
 GrammaTech, Inc. Revolving Loan ) First Lien ) Class A units 
 ) Class A-1 units 
 ITA Holdings Group, LLC Revolving loan First Lien - Term Loan ) First Lien - Term Loan B ) First Lien - PIK Note A ) First Lien - PIK Note B ) Warrants Class A membership interest 
 
 155 

Table of Contents 

 ) First Lien ) Second Lien Series A Preferred units 
 Common units 
 Outerbox, LLC Revolving Loan ) First Lien Class A common units 
 Roseland Management, LLC Revolving Loan ) First Lien ) ) Class A-2 Units 
 Class A-1 units 
 Class A units 
 ) SIMR, LLC First Lien ) ) First Lien - Incremental ) Class B Common Units 
 ) Class W Units 
 Sonobi, Inc. Class A Common units 
 ) STATinMED, LLC First Lien ) Delayed Draw Term Loan Class A Preferred Units 
 ) Class B Preferred Units 
 ) 
 156 

Table of Contents 

 ) Preferred units 
 Preferred units 
 Total Affiliate Investments ) ) Total Control Affiliate Investments ) ) ) 
 
 (1) The principal amount and ownership detail as shown in the Consolidated Schedules of Investments. 
 (2) Represents the total amount of interest or dividends credited to income for the portion of the year an investment was included in the Control or Affiliate categories, respectively. 
 (3) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio investments, follow-on investments, accrued PIK interest, and accretion of OID. Gross additions also include movement of an existing portfolio company into this category and out of a different category. 
 (4) Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal repayments or sales and the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities. Gross reductions also include movement of an existing portfolio company out of this category and into a different category. 
 (5) The schedule does not reflect realized gains or losses on escrow receivables for investments which were previously exited and were not held during the period presented. Gains and losses on escrow receivables are classified in the Consolidated Statements of Operations according to the control classification at the time the investment was exited. 
 
 157 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our filings and submissions under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely discussions regarding the required disclosure. 
 
 We completed an evaluation under the supervision and with participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2023. Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of March 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide the reasonable assurance described above. We note that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving the stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our evaluation under the framework in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2023. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13(a)-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the three months ended March 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 Limitations on Controls 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, management does not expect that our disclosure controls and our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with policies and procedures may deteriorate. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to errors or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any within the Company, have been detected. 
 
 158 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 

FEES AND EXPENSES 

(1) Offering expenses (as a percentage of offering price) (2) Dividend reinvestment plan expenses (3) Total shareholder transaction expenses (as a percentage of offering price) Annual Expenses (as a percentage of net assets attributable to common stock for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023): Operating expenses (4) Interest payments on borrowed funds (5) Income tax provision (6) Acquired fund fees and expenses (7) Total annual expenses 
 
 (1) In the event that our securities are sold to or through underwriters, a corresponding prospectus supplement will disclose the applicable sales load. 
 (2) 
 (3) The expenses of administering our dividend reinvestment plan DRIP are included in operating expenses. The DRIP does not allow shareholders to sell shares through the DRIP. If a shareholder wishes to sell shares they would be required to select a broker of their choice and pay any fees or other costs associated with the sale. 
 (4) 
 (5) Interest payments on borrowed funds represents our estimated annual interest payments based on actual interest rate terms under our Credit Facility and our anticipated drawdowns from our Credit Facility, our actual interest rate terms under the SBA Debentures and our anticipated drawdowns of the SBA Debentures, the 4.50 Notes due 2026 (the "January 2026 Notes") and the 3.375 Notes due 2026 (the "October 2026 Notes"). As of March 31, 2023, we had million outstanding under our Credit Facility, million outstanding under the SBA Debentures, million in aggregate principal of our January 2026 Notes outstanding and million in aggregate principal of our October 2026 Notes outstanding. Any future issuances of debt securities will be made at the discretion of management and our board of directors after evaluating the investment opportunities and economic situation of the Company and the market as a whole. 
 (6) 

Example 

The example and the expenses in the table above should not be considered a representation of our future expenses, and actual expenses may be greater or less than those shown. While the example assumes, as required by the SEC, a 5.0 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5.0 . In addition, while 
 159 

Table of Contents 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 160 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this Item 10 will be contained in the definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item 11 will be contained in the definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item 12 will be contained in the definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item 13 will be contained in the definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders under the headings of Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Corporate Governance to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item 14 will be contained in the definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders under the heading of Ratification and Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Year Ended March 31, 2023 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 161 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following documents are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report: 
 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 73 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 74 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 105 

2. Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 Page Schedule of Investments in and Advances to Affiliates for the Year Ended March 31, 2023 
 154 

3. Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation, dated April 19, 1961, including amendments dated June 30, 1969, July 20, 1987, April 23, 2007 and July 15, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a) to Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-220385) filed on September 8, 2017). 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated August 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on August 1, 2019). 
 3.3 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00061) filed on November 7, 2017). 
 3.4 
 Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Capital Southwest Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed April 25, 2019). 
 4.1 
 Specimen of Common Stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 811-01056) filed on June 14, 2002). 
 4.2 
 Indenture, dated October 23, 2017, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(2) to Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-220385) filed on October 23, 2017). 
 4.3 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 29, 2020, relating to the 4.50 Notes due 2026, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on December 29, 2020). 
 4.4 
 Form of Global Note with respect to the 4.50 Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on December 29, 2020). 
 4.5 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 27, 2021, relating to the 3.375 Notes due 2026, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on August 27, 2021). 
 4.6 
 Form of Global Note with respect to the 3.375 Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on August 27, 2021). 
 
 162 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 4.7 
 Form of Capital Southwest SBIC I, LP SBIC debentures guaranteed by the Small Business Administration (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (f) to Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-259455) filed on September 10, 2021). 
 4.8 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference Exhibit (e) to Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-220385) filed on September 8, 2017). 
 4.9 
 Description of Capital Southwest Corporation's Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on June 2, 2021). 
 10.1+ 
 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00061) filed on November 7, 2017). 
 10.2+ 
 Retirement Plan for Employees of Capital Southwest Corporation and its Affiliates as amended and restated effective April 1, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on June 1, 2012). 
 10.3+ 
 Amendment One to Retirement Plan for Employees of Capital Southwest Corporation and its Affiliates as amended and restated effective April 1, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on May 31, 2013). 
 10.4+ 
 Amendment Four to Retirement Plan for Employees of Capital Southwest Corporation and its Affiliates as amended and restated effective April 1, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on August 6, 2015). 
 10.5+ 
 Capital Southwest Corporation Amended and Restated 2010 Restricted Stock Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form S-8 (File No. 333-227117) filed on August 30, 2018). 
 10.6+ 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2010 Restricted Stock Award Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00061) filed on November 7, 2014). 
 10.7+ 
 Capital Southwest Corporation 2021 Employee Restricted Stock Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Form S-8 (File No. 333-258899) filed on August 28, 2021). 
 10.8+ 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Capital Southwest Corporation 2021 Employee Restricted Stock Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Form S-8 (File No. 333-258899) filed on August 28. 2021). 
 10.9+ 
 Form of Amended and Restated Cash Incentive Award Agreement (Executive Compensation Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00061) filed on November 9, 2015). 
 10.10+ 
 Amended and Restated Employee Matters Agreement, dated September 4, 2015, between the Company and CSW Industrials, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on September 14, 2015). 
 10.11+ 
 Form of Amended and Restated Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Executive Compensation Plan CSWC Employee Form) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00061) filed on November 9, 2015). 
 10.12+ 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2010 Restricted Stock Award Plan (CSWC Employee Form) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00061) filed on November 9, 2015). 
 10.13+ 
 Form of Amended and Restated Restricted Stock Award (Executive Compensation Plan CSWC Employee Form) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00061) filed on November 9, 2015). 
 10.14 
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of I-45 SLF LLC, dated March 11, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed March 12, 2021). 
 10.15 
 Amended and Restated Guarantee, Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of December 21, 2018 among Capital Southwest Corporation, as Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors party hereto, ING Capital LLC, as Revolving Administrative Agent for the Revolving Lenders, each Financing Agent and Designated Indebtedness Holder party hereto and ING Capital, LLC, as Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on December 21, 2018). 
 10.16 
 Second Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of August 9, 2021 among Capital Southwest Corporation, as Borrower, the Lenders party hereto, ING Capital LLC, as Administrative Agent, Arranger and Bookrunner and Texas Capital Bank, N.A., as Documentation Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on August 9, 2021). 
 
 163 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.17 
 Limited Consent and Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2021, by and among Capital Southwest Corporation, as Borrower, Capital Southwest Equity Investments, Inc., as Subsidiary Guarantor, the lenders party thereto, and ING Capital LLC, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on September 10, 2021). 
 10.18 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Second Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2022, by and among Capital Southwest Corporation, as Borrower, the guarantor party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and ING Capital LLC, as Administrative Agent, and Texas Capital Bank, as Documentation Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on May 12, 2022). 
 10.19 
 Master Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2018, by and between Capital Southwest Corporation, as Borrower, and ING Capital LLC, as Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on June 5, 2018). 
 10.20 
 Amended and Restated Administration Agreement, dated March 9, 2017, between the Company and Capital Southwest Management Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(3) to Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-220385) filed on September 8, 2017). 
 10.21 
 Custody Agreement, dated August 30, 2016, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (j)(1) to Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-220385) filed on September 8, 2017). 
 10.22 
 Custody Control Agreement, dated August 30, 2016, between the Company, ING Capital LLC and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (j)(2) to Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-220385) filed on September 8, 2017). 
 10.23 
 Document Custody Agreement, dated August 30, 2016, between the Company, ING Capital LLC and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (j)(3) to Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-220385) filed on September 8, 2017). 
 10.24 
 Form of Third Amended and Restated Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 26, 2021, between the Company and each of Jefferies LLC and Raymond James Associates, Inc., respectively (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on May 26, 2021). 
 10.25 
 Form of Second Amendment, dated November 2, 2021, to Third Amended and Restated Equity Distribution Agreement between the Company and each of Jefferies LLC and Raymond James Associates, Inc., respectively (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on November 2, 2021). 
 10.26 
 Form of Third Amendment, dated August 2, 2022, to Third Amended and Restated Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 26, 2021, between the Company and each of Jefferies LLC and Raymond James Associates, Inc., respectively (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022). 
 10.27 
 Form of Amended and Restated Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 26, 2021, between the Company and each of JMP Securities LLC and B. Riley FBR, Inc., respectively (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on May 26, 2021). 
 10.28 
 Form of Second Amendment, dated November 2, 2021, to Amended and Restated Equity Distribution Agreement between the Company and each of JMP Securities LLC and B. Riley Securities, Inc., respectively (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00061) filed on November 2, 2021). 
 10.29 
 Form of Third Amendment, dated August 2, 2022, to Amended and Restated Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 26, 2021, between the Company and each of JMP Securities LLC and B. Riley Securities, Inc., respectively (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022). 
 10.3 0 
 Incremental Commitment and Assumption Agreement dated November 16, 2022 among the Company, as borrower, ING Capital LLC, as Administrative Agent, the Increasing Lenders Party thereto, as Increasing Lenders and the Assuming Lenders Party thereto, as Assuming Lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2022). 
 14 
 Code of Ethics. 
 21.1 
 List of subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm RSM US LLP (relating to the Company Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 23.2 
 Consent of Independent Auditor RSM US LLP (relating to I-45 SLF LLC). 
 
 164 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 31.1 
 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 32.1 
 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 99.1 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of I-45 SLF LLC as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 99.2 
 Report of RSM US LLP on Senior Securities Table 
 99.3 
 Report of Grant Thornton on Senior Securities Table for the year ended March 31, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (n)(6) to Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-232492) filed on July 1, 2019). 

Filed herewith. 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 accompany this Annual Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed filed by the registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any of the registrant s filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in any such filing . 
 165 

Table of Contents 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 166 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION By: /s/ Bowen S. Diehl Bowen S. Diehl 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: May 23, 2023 

Signature Title Date /s/ David R. Brooks Chairman of the Board May 23, 2023 David R. Brooks /s/ Christine S. Battist Director May 23, 2023 Christine S. Battist /s/ Jack D. Furst Director May 23, 2023 Jack D. Furst /s/ Ramona Rogers-Windsor Director May 23, 2023 Ramona Rogers-Windsor /s/ William R. Thomas Director May 23, 2023 William R. Thomas /s/ Bowen S. Diehl President and Chief Executive Officer May 23, 2023 Bowen S. Diehl /s/ Michael S. Sarner Chief Financial Officer May 23, 2023 Michael S. Sarner (Chief Financial/Accounting Officer) 
 
 167 

<EX-14>
 2
 ex14-codeofethics1.htm
 EX-14

Document 
 Exhibit 14 

 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION 

CODE OF ETHICS PURSUANT TO RULE 17J-1 
 
 BACKGROUND 
 
 This Code of Ethics has been adopted by the Board of Directors of Capital Southwest Corporation (the Company in accordance with Rule 17j-1(c) under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Act ). Rule 17j-1 (the Rule generally prohibits fraudulent or manipulative practices by access persons of investment companies, including business development companies, including with respect to purchases or sales of securities held or to be acquired by such companies. 
 
 The purpose of this Code of Ethics is to reflect the following (1) the duty at all times to place the interests of shareholders of the Company first (2) the requirement that all personal securities transactions be conducted consistent with the Code of Ethics and in such a manner as to avoid any actual or potential conflict of interest or any abuse of an individual s position of trust and responsibility and (3) the fundamental standard that Company personnel should not take inappropriate advantage of their position. 
 
 Rule 17j-1(b) provides that it is unlawful for any Affiliated Person (as defined in the Act) or principal underwriter for a registered investment company or any Affiliated Person of an investment adviser or principal underwriter for a registered investment company in connection with the purchase or sale, directly or indirectly, by such person of a security held or the be acquired, as defined in this section, by such registered investment company 
 
 a. To employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud such registered investment company 
 
 a. To make to such registered investment company any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state to such registered investment company any material fact necessary in order to make the statements, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading 
 
 a. To engage in any act, practice, or course of business which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon any such registered investment company or 
 b. To engage in any manipulative practice with respect to such registered investment company. 
 
 Section 59 of the Act makes these provisions applicable to business development companies. 
 
 Rule 17j-1 (c) requires the Company adopt a code of ethics containing provisions reasonably necessary to prevent its Access Persons (as defined below) from engaging in any of the conduct referred to above. 
 
 APPLICATION 
 
 This Code of Ethics applies to the Access Persons of the Company. Currently, this includes each employee, officer and director of the Company. Each Access Person must receive, read, acknowledge receipt of, make certain reports under, periodically certify compliance with and retain this Code of Ethics. 
 
 ADMINISTRATION 
 
 This Code of Ethics is administered by the Company s Chief Compliance Officer and any questions should be directed to that individual. 

DEFINITIONS 
 
 For purposes of this Code of Ethics, the following definitions shall apply 
 
 (a) Access Person means any director, officer, general partner or Advisory Person of the Company. The term includes any entity or account in which an Access Person (together with immediate family members) has a 25 or greater beneficial interest or where multiple Access Persons have a 50 or greater beneficial interest. 
 
 (b) Advisory Person of the Company means (1) any employee of the Company or of any company in a control relationship to the Company who, in connection with his regular functions or duties, makes, participates in, or obtains information regarding the purchase or sale of Covered Securities by the Company, or whose functions related to the making of any recommendations with respect to such purchases or sales and (2) any other natural person in a control relationship to the Company who obtains information reasonably contemporaneously concerning any recommendation made to the Company with regard to the purchase or sale of Covered Securities. 
 
 (c) Affiliated Person means, in reference to the Company, (1) any person owning or holding with the power to vote 5 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the Company or of which the Company owns or holds with power to vote 5 or more of the outstanding voting securities, (2) any director, officer or employee of the Company or (3) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company. 
 
 (d) A Covered Security is Being Considered for Purchase or Sale when 
 
 (1) A decision has been made to accomplish the purchase or sale of a security by the Company and such purchase or sale has not been completed 
 
 (2) Any Access Person has proposed or recommended the purchase or sale of a security by the Company and such proposal or recommendation is still under consideration or 
 
 (3) Any Access Person is seriously considering or has discussed with one or more Access Persons the proposed purchase or sale of a security by the Company and such proposed purchase or sale is still under consideration provided, however, any security which is being reviewed as part of a general industry survey or other broad monitoring of the securities markets and which has not become a probable target for purchase or sale by the Company is not deemed as Being Considered for Purchase or Sale. 
 
 (e) Beneficial Ownership, Beneficially Own, and derivations thereof, mean that you directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise, have or share in the opportunity, directly or indirectly, to profit or share in any profit derived from a transaction in a security. 
 
 Without limiting the foregoing, you are presumed to have Beneficial Ownership in all of the following, as applicable 
 
 (1) securities held by members of your immediate family sharing the same household with you, although the presumption of Beneficial Ownership may be rebutted 
 
 (2) your interest in securities held by a trust, which may include both trustees with investment control and, in some instances, trust beneficiaries 
 
 (3) your right to acquire securities through the exercise or conversion of any derivative security, whether or not presently exercisable 

(4) your proportionate interest as a general partner in the portfolio securities held by any general or limited partnership 
 
 (5) certain performance-related fees other than an asset-based fee, received by any broker, dealer, bank, insurance company, investment company, investment adviser, investment manager, trustee or person or entity performing a similar function and 
 
 (6) any right you may have to dividends that is separated or separable from the underlying securities. Otherwise, the right to dividends alone shall not represent Beneficial Ownership in the securities. 
 
 You are not deemed to have Beneficial Ownership in the portfolio securities held by a corporation or similar entity in which you own securities if you are not a controlling shareholder of the entity and you do not have or share investment control over the entity s portfolio. 
 
 (f) Chief Compliance Officer means the individual appointed to that position by the Board of Directors provided that, for purposes of determinations under this Code of Ethics, in the absence of the Chief Compliance Officer, either the Chief Operating Officer or the Chief Financial Officer may be treated as the Chief Compliance Officer and that, for purposes of determinations regarding the Chief Compliance Officer, one of such other individuals shall be treated as the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 
 (g) Control means the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a company however, control does not include such power arising solely as the result of an official position with such company. 
 
 (h) Covered Security means a security as defined in Section 2(a)(36) of the Act. A Covered Security does not include direct obligations of the Government of the United States banker s acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and high quality short-term debt instruments, including repurchase agreements and shares issued by open-end funds. 
 
 (i) Independent Director means a director of the Company who is not an interested person of the Company within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the Act. A director is not deemed an interested person of the Company solely by reason of his being a member of the Board of Directors or an owner of less than 5 of the voting securities of the Company. 
 
 (j) Insider Trading generally means trading in a security on the basis of Material Non-Public Information in violation of a duty to the marketplace, the issuer, the person s employer or client or the like. Passing Material Non-Public Information to another person in violation of such a duty may also be treated as Insider Trading. The circumstances in which such a duty exists are not easily defined. An Access Person of the Company who has Material Non-Public Information about a security should assume that he or she has such a duty unless the Chief Compliance Officer makes a contrary determination. 
 
 (k) Interested Persons of the Company means any Affiliated Person of the Company, any such Affiliated Person s immediate family member, any legal counsel or partner or employee thereof that has performed legal services for the Company during the preceding two fiscal years, any person or associated person or direct or indirect shareholders therein that has performed securities transactions for, or loaned money or property to, the Company during the preceding six months, or anyone the SEC determines to have a material professional relationship with the Company or its chief executive officer, or any interested person of any investment adviser or principal underwriter of the Company. However, the term does not include any person solely by reason of his being a director of the Company or his ownership or anyone the SEC deems to have a material professional relationship of less than 5 of the voting securities issued by the Company. 

(l) Material Non-Public Information is information that is both material and non-public. For this purpose, information is considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in deciding how to act. If the information has influenced a person s investment decision, it would be very likely to be considered material. In addition, information that, when disclosed, is likely to have a direct effect on the stock s price should be treated as material. Examples include information concerning impending mergers, sales of subsidiaries, significant revenue or earnings swings, dividend changes, impending securities offerings, awards of patents, technological developments, impending product announcements, impending financial news and other major corporate events. Information is non-public when it has not been disseminated in a manner making it available to investors generally. Information is public once it has been publicly disseminated, such as when it is reported in widely disseminated news services and or publications, and investors have had a reasonable time to react to the information. Once the information has become public, it may be traded on freely. 
 
 (m) Purchase or Sale of a Covered Security includes, among other things, the purchase or sale of an option to purchase or sell a Covered Security or entering into a contract such as a swap the value or payout of which varies with the value of such Covered Security. 
 
 (n) Security Held or To Be Acquired by the Company means any Covered Security which, within the most recent 15 days (i) is or has been held by the Company, or (ii) is being or has been considered by the Company for purchase. A Covered Security includes any option to purchase or sell, and any security convertible into or exchangeable for a Covered Security. 
 
 COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 17J-1 
 
 Affiliated Persons of the Company and others subject to paragraph (a) of the attached Rule 17j-1 shall comply with the requirements of paragraph (a) of the Rule in connection with the purchase or sale, directly or indirectly, by such person of any Security Held or To Be Acquired by the Company. Every Access Person of the Company shall comply with the applicable reporting requirements of paragraph (d) of the Rule. 
 
 PRIOR APPROVAL REQUIREMENTS 
 
 Except as permitted by the Exempted Transaction provisions or with prior approval from the Chief Compliance Officer in the Star Compliance system, no Advisory Person shall purchase, directly or indirectly, any Covered Securities in which he or she by reason of such transaction acquires any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership pursuant to an initial public offering or any private offering. 
 
 Note that the term Advisory Person generally does not include Independent Directors, who may accordingly generally acquire securities in initial public offerings and private offerings without prior written approval. 
 
 Advisory Persons shall report its securities holdings in the Star Compliance system. Pre-clearances will be effective for three business days, subject to termination at any time by the Chief Compliance Officer. The Chief Compliance Officer shall maintain a record of each pre-clearance approval or disapproval, and the reasons underlying the decision, for at least five years after the end of the fiscal year in which the approval is granted. In determining whether such prior approval shall be granted, the Chief Compliance Officer shall take into account whether the opportunity to purchase such Covered Securities is being offered to such Advisory Person because of his or her position with the Company, and whether the opportunity to purchase such Covered Security should be reserved for the Company. 

RESTRICTIONS ON PERSONAL INVESTING ACTIVITY 
 
 a. No Access Person shall reveal to any other person (except in the normal course of his duties on behalf of the Company) any information regarding Covered Securities being considered for purchase or sale by the Company. 
 
 a. No Access Person shall engage in Insider Trading whether for his own benefit or the benefit of the Company or others. 
 
 a. No Access Person shall make or participate in the formation of recommendations concerning the purchase or sale by the Company of any Covered Security if such Access Person has Beneficial Ownership of any Covered Securities of the same issuer or has any other business relationship with such issuer, without disclosing to the Chief Compliance Officer any interest such Access Person has in such Covered Securities or issuer. 
 
 a. No Access Person of the Company shall participate in any Covered Securities transaction on a joint basis with the Company without the prior written approval of the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 
 a. No Access Person may sell short any security issued by the Company or by a portfolio company or take a short equivalent position in any related security. 
 
 PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS BY ACCESS PERSONS 
 
 (a) No Access Person shall purchase , directly or indirectly, any security in which, by reason of such transaction, he would acquire any direct or indirect beneficial ownership, if to his knowledge, any security of the same issuer 
 
 (1) Is Being Considered for Purchase (as defined in 1(c) above) by the Company 
 
 (2) Is being purchased by the Company 
 
 (3) Is being sold by the Company 
 
 (4) Has been sold by the Company within the most recent 15 days or 
 
 (5) Is owned by the Company and any security of such issuer which would be purchased by such Access Person would be restricted as to resale under applicable securities laws. 
 
 (b) No Access Person shall sell , directly or indirectly, any security in which he has any direct or indirect beneficial ownership, if to his knowledge any security of the same issuer 
 
 (1) Is Being Considered for Sale (as defined in 1(c) above) by the Company 
 
 (2) Is being sold by the Company 
 
 (3) Is being purchased by the Company 
 
 (4) Has been purchased by the Company within the most recent 15 days or 
 
 (5) Is being registered or is to be registered by the issuer for sale under applicable securities laws pursuant to a request made to the issuer by or on behalf of the Company. 

EXEMPTED TRANSACTIONS 
 
 The prohibited transaction provisions of the Code of Ethics shall not apply to 
 
 a. Purchases or sales effected in any account in which the Access Person does not have direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership of the holdings of such account (such as open-end mutual funds). 
 
 a. Purchases or sales effected in any account over which the Access Person has no direct or indirect influence or control. 
 
 a. Purchases or sales which are non-volitional on the part of the Access Person (such as a merger). 
 
 a. Purchases which are part of an automatic dividend reinvestment plan. 
 
 a. Purchases effected upon the exercise of rights issued by an issuer pro rata to all holders of a class of its securities, to the extent such rights were acquired from such issuer. 
 
 a. Sale of shares pursuant to a 10b5-1 trading plan approved by the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 
 REPORTING 
 
 (a) Pursuant to paragraph (d)(1) of the Rule, every Access Person shall report to the Chief Compliance Officer of the Company the following 
 
 (1) Initial Holding Reports No later than 10 days of being designated an Access Person shall make a written report to the Chief Compliance Officer containing (i) each Covered Security in which he or she has any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership, (ii) the name of the broker, dealer or bank with whom he or she maintains an account in which any Covered Securities were held for his or her direct or indirect benefit, and (iii) the date that the report is submitted. 
 
 (2) Quarterly Transactions Reports No later than 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter each Access Person shall make a written report to the Chief Compliance Officer of all transactions in any Covered Security occurring in the quarter by which he or she has any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership. Such report must contain the following information with respect to each reportable transaction (i) date and nature of the transaction (purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or disposition), (ii) title, interest rate and maturity date (if applicable), number of shares or principal amount of each Covered Securities and the price at which the transaction was effected, (iii) name of broker, dealer, bank or other similar intermediary through which the transaction was effected, and (iv) the date that the report is submitted. If an Access Person has opened a brokerage account during the quarter, such report shall also identify the name of the broker, dealer or bank and the date the account was established. 
 
 The broker through which the transaction was effected shall be directed by the Access Person to supply the Chief Compliance Officer, on a timely basis, duplicate confirmations and monthly brokerage statements for all Covered Securities accounts. The Access Person need not make a quarterly transaction report if the report would duplicate information contained in the broker trade confirmations or account statements received by the Company with respect to the Access Person in the time period required by this Policy, if all of the information required by the Policy is contained in the broker trade confirmations or account statements. 
 
 (3) Annual Holding Reports No later than 45 days after the calendar year-end each Access Person shall make a written report to the Chief Compliance Officer containing (i) the title, number of shares and principal amount of each Covered Security in which he or she has any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership, (ii) the name of any broker, dealer or bank with whom he or she maintains an 

account in which any Covered Securities are held for his or her direct or indirect benefit, and (iii) the date that the report is submitted. 
 
 (4) Annual Certifications Each Access Person must annually certify that such person has read this Code of Ethics, understands its requirements regarding such person and his immediate family and has complied with such requirements throughout the period during which such person was an Access Person during the previous year. Such certification shall be submitted to the Chief Compliance Officer within 20 days after the receipt of the certification request from the Company. 
 
 (5) Company Reports No less frequently than annually, the Company must furnish to the Board of Directors and the Board of Directors must consider, a written report that (i) describes any issues arising under the Code of Ethics or procedures since the last report to the Board of Directors, including but not limited to, information about material violations of the code or procedures and sanctions imposed in response to the material violations and (ii) certifies that the Company has adopted procedures reasonable necessary to prevent Access Persons from violating the Code. 
 
 (6) Disclaimer of Beneficial Ownership Any report required under this Code of Ethics may contain a statement that the report shall not be construed as an admission by the person submitting such duplicate confirmation or account statement or making such report that he or she has any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership in the Covered Securities to which the report relates. 
 
 (7) Review of Reports The reports, certifications, duplicate confirmations and account statements required to be submitted under this Code of Ethics shall be delivered to the Chief Compliance Officer. The Chief Compliance Officer shall review such reports, duplicate confirmations and account statements to determine whether any transactions recorded therein appear to constitute a violation of the Code of Ethics. Before making any determination that a violation has been committed by any Access Person, such Access Person shall be given an opportunity to supply additional explanatory material. 
 
 (8) The Chief Compliance Officer shall maintain copies of the reports, confirmations and account statements as required by Rule 17j-1(f). The Chief Compliance Officer will be responsible for maintaining the following records at the Company s principal place of business 
 
 a. A copy of all codes of ethics adopted by the Company, and its affiliates, as the case may be, pursuant to Rule 17j-1 that have been in effect at any time during the past five (5) years 
 
 a. A record of each violation of such codes of ethics and of any action taken as a result of such violation for at least five (5) years after the end of the fiscal year in which the violation occurs 
 
 a. A copy of each report made by an Access Person for at least two (2) years after the end of the fiscal year in which the report is made, and for an additional three (3) years in a place that need not be easily accessible 
 
 a. A copy of each report made by the Chief Compliance Officer to the Board for two (2) years from the end of the fiscal year of the Company in which such report is made or issued and for an additional three (3) years in a place that need not be easily accessible 
 b. A list of all persons who are, or within the past five (5) years have been, required to make reports pursuant to this Code of Ethics, or who are or were responsible for reviewing such reports 
 
 a. A copy of each annual report describing issues arising under the Code of Ethics and certifying the implementation of adequate enforcement provisions for at least two (2) years after the end of the fiscal year in which it is made, and for an additional three (3) years in a place that need not be easily accessible and 

a. A record of any decision, and the reasons supporting the decision, to approve the acquisition by Investment Personnel of securities in an Initial Public Offering or Limited Offering for at least five (5) years after the end of the fiscal year in which the approval is granted. 
 
 (9) Confidentiality All reports of security transactions, duplicate confirmations, account statements and any other information filed with the Company pursuant to the this Code of Ethics shall be treated as confidential, but are subject to review as provided herein and representatives of the SEC. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to paragraph (d)(2) of the Rule, a director who is not an Interested Person shall not be required to make such reports outlined in (a)(1), (2) and (3) above, unless with respect to a quarterly transaction report the director knew or should have known that the Company purchased or sold (or was considering purchasing or selling) a Covered Security in the 15 days before or after the director s transaction. 
 
 (c) Any Access Person who proposes or recommends that the Company purchase or sell the securities of any issuer in which such Access Person also has any investment holding (including a short sale position) shall simultaneously disclose to the Company's president (or in the case of the Company's president, disclose to the Company's Board of Directors) a complete description of his holdings of any such Covered Securities including the amounts and type of Covered Securities owned by the Access Person and the acquisition dates and prices of such Covered Securities. 
 
 (d) The Company shall identify and notify all Access Persons who are under a duty to make reports to it pursuant to this Code. 

SURVEILLANCE 
 
 (a) The Chief Compliance Officer of the Company shall review all reports made by Access Persons (other than the President) pursuant to this Code (dating and initialing each reviewed report). The President of the Company shall review all reports made by the Chief Compliance Officer pursuant to this Code (dating and initialing each reviewed report.) 
 
 (b) Prior to the consummation of any transaction in which the Company proposes to participate, the President or any Vice President of the Company shall make reasonable inquiry necessary to ensure that such transaction conforms to the requirements of Section 17 or Section 57 (whichever is applicable) of the Act with respect to the possible involvement in activities covered by the rules under Section 17(a) and Rule 17(d)-1 of persons described in subsections (b) and (e) of Section 57. A memorandum confirming the results of such inquiry shall be executed by the President or any Vice President and filed with the closing documents for each transaction. 
 
 ENFORCEMENT 
 
 Upon discovering a violation of this Code of Ethics, the Board of Directors of the Company shall impose such sanctions as it deems appropriate, including, among other things, a reprimand, a letter of censure, the suspension or termination of employment of the violator, and the initiation of legal action to recover damages sustained by the Company. 
 
 All material violations of this Code of Ethics and any sanctions imposed with respect thereto shall be reported periodically to the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 EXEMPTIVE PROCEDURE 
 
 The Chief Compliance Officer and the President of the Company (collectively, the Waiver and Exemption Committee may jointly grant exemptions from the requirements in this Code of Ethics in appropriate circumstances. In addition, violations of the provisions regarding personal trading will 

presumptively be subject to being reversed in the case of a violative purchase, and to disgorgement of any profit realized from the position by payment of the profit to any client disadvantaged by the transaction, or to a charitable organization, as determined by the Waiver and Exemption Committee, unless the violator establishes to the satisfaction of the Waiver and Exemption Committee that under the particular circumstances disgorgement would be an unreasonable remedy for the violation. 
 
 AMENDMENT 
 
 This Code of Ethics may not be amended or modified except in a written form that is specifically approved by the Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors. 
 
 This Code of Ethics was adopted and approved by the Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors on January 26, 2022. 

</EX-14>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 cswc33123ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 Name of Subsidiary State of Incorporation I-45 SLF LLC Delaware Capital Southwest Equity Investments, Inc. Delaware Capital Southwest SBIC I, LP Delaware Capital Southwest SBIC I GP, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 cswc33123ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-259455) (the Registration Statement on Form N-2) and in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-258899 and 333-266518) of Capital Southwest Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company) of our report dated May 23, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, and the Schedule of Investments In and Advances to Affiliates for the year ended March 31, 2023 listed in Schedule 12-14 attached as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K). We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form N-2 of our report dated May 23, 2023, relating to the senior securities table, appearing in Part II, Item 5 of the Form 10-K of the Company, which is attached as an exhibit to the Form 10-K. 
 
 We also consent to the references to us under the headings Senior Securities in the Form 10-K. 
 
 s RSM US LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 May 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 cswc33123ex232.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-259455) and in the Registration Statements on Forms S-8 (File Nos. 333-258899 and 333-266518) of Capital Southwest Corporation of our report dated May 12, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of I-45 SLF LLC and its subsidiary, included as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Capital Southwest Corporation for the year ended March 31, 2023. 
 
 s RSM US LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 May 23, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 cswc33123ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Bowen S. Diehl, certify that 
 1 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Capital Southwest Corporation (the registrant 
 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date May 23, 2023 By s Bowen S. Diehl Bowen S. Diehl President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 cswc33123ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Michael S. Sarner, certify that 
 1 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Capital Southwest Corporation (the registrant 
 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date May 23, 2023 By s Michael S. Sarner Michael S. Sarner Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 cswc33123ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Bowen S. Diehl, President and Chief Executive Officer of Capital Southwest Corporation, certify that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 23, 2023 accompanied report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the accompanied report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of Capital Southwest Corporation. 
 Date May 23, 2023 By s Bowen S. Diehl Bowen S. Diehl President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 cswc33123ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Michael S. Sarner, Chief Financial Officer of Capital Southwest Corporation, certify that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 23, 2023 accompanied report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the accompanied report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of Capital Southwest Corporation. 
 Date May 23, 2023 By s Michael S. Sarner Michael S. Sarner Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 10
 i-45slfllcfinancialstateme.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 
 Exhibit 99.1 

I-45 SLF LLC and Subsidiary 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 and 
 Independent Auditor s Report 
 
 As of March 31, 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended 
 March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page Independent Auditor's Report 
 1 Consolidated Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Members' Equity 
 3 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 11 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members' Equity 
 12 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 13 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 14 

Independent Auditor's Report 

Board of Managers 
 I-45 SLF LLC 

Opinion 
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements of I-45 SLF LLC and its subsidiary (the Company), which comprise the consolidated statements of assets, liabilities and members equity, including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in members equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). 
 
 In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of their operations, changes in members equity and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023 in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
 
 Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 
 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
 In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued or available to be issued. 
 
 Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements. 

1 

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we 
 
 Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 
 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 
 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 
 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial statements. 
 Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 
 
 We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified during the audit. 

s RSM US LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 May 12, 2023 
 
 2 

I-45 SLF LLC 
 and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets, Liabilities 
 and Members Equity 
 
 March 31, 2023 2022 Assets Investments, at fair value (cost of 169,874,371 and 187,713,768, respectively) 143,712,034 176,704,213 Cash and cash equivalents 6,478,105 9,948,554 Due from broker 1,037,570 123,016 Deferred financing costs (net of accumulated amortization of 4,821,668 and 3,784,559, respectively) 414,844 1,451,953 Interest receivable 1,145,252 850,342 Other assets 875 65,972 152,788,680 189,144,050 Liabilities and Members' Equity Liabilities Credit facility 86,000,000 114,500,000 Distributions payable 2,425,586 2,374,444 Interest payable 87,236 66,878 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 161,022 154,621 Total liabilities 88,673,844 117,095,943 Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) Members' equity 64,114,836 72,048,107 152,788,680 189,144,050 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

I-45 SLF LLC 
 and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments 
 March 31, 2023 

Portfolio Company 6 
 Industry Investment Type 1 
 Maturity Date Current Interest Rate 2 
 Principal Amount Cost Fair Value Percentage of Members' Equity AAC New Holdco Inc. Healthcare services First Lien 6 25 2025 18.00 PIK 2,238,544 2,238,544 2,160,195 3.37 Delayed Draw Term Loan 4 
 6 25 2025 18.00 PIK 60,154 59,202 58,049 0.09 304,075 shares common stock 1,449,126 580,964 0.91 Warrants (Expiration - December 11, 2025) 482,412 193,401 0.30 ADS Tactical, Inc. Aerospace & defense First Lien 3 19 2026 L+5.75 (Floor 1.00 6,057,693 5,974,923 5,633,654 8.79 American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. 5 
 Telecommunications Revolving Loan 4 7 2023 P+5.50 (Floor 2.00 984,823 978,229 50,472 0.08 First Lien 6 8 2023 P+5.50 (Floor 2.00 5,597,579 5,565,782 286,877 0.45 Burning Glass Intermediate Holding Company, Inc. Software & IT services Revolving Loan 3 
 6 10 2028 L+5.00 (Floor 1.00 123,289 118,442 123,288 0.19 First Lien 6 10 2028 L+5.00 (Floor 1.00 3,157,397 3,113,130 3,157,396 4.92 Corel, Inc. 7 
 Software & IT services First Lien 7 2 2026 SOFR+5.00 6,439,966 6,311,392 6,049,544 9.44 Emerald Technologies (U.S.) Acquisitionco, Inc. Technology products & components First Lien 12 29 2027 SOFR+6.25 (Floor 1.00 4,484,926 4,429,822 4,260,680 6.65 Evergreen AcqCo 1 LP Consumer products & retail First Lien 4 26 2028 SOFR+5.50 (Floor 0.75 2,605,639 2,584,336 2,501,182 3.90 Evergreen North America Acquisitions, LLC Industrial services First Lien 8 13 2026 L+6.75 (Floor 1.00 6,672,580 6,575,342 6,672,581 10.41 Geo Parent Corporation Building & infrastructure products First Lien 12 19 2025 SOFR+5.25 6,769,244 6,743,151 6,396,920 9.98 Infogain Corporation Software & IT services First Lien 7 28 2028 SOFR+5.75 (Floor 1.00 4,735,577 4,678,138 4,683,486 7.30 
 4 

I-45 SLF LLC 
 and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments 
 March 31, 2023 

Portfolio Company 6 
 Industry Investment Type 1 
 Maturity Date Current Interest Rate 2 
 Principal Amount Cost Fair Value Percentage of Members' Equity Integro Parent Inc. Business services First Lien 5 8 2023 SOFR+12.25 PIK (Floor 1.00 368,811 368,810 346,695 0.54 Intermedia Holdings, Inc. Software & IT services First Lien 7 21 2025 L+6.00 (Floor 1.00 6,607,500 6,561,763 5,087,775 7.94 Inventus Power, Inc. Technology products & components First Lien 3 29 2024 SOFR +5.00 (Floor 1.00 6,860,000 6,835,569 6,791,399 10.59 INW Manufacturing, LLC Food, agriculture, & beverage First Lien 3 25 2027 L+5.75 (Floor 0.75 2,775,000 2,712,583 2,391,120 3.73 Isagenix International, LLC 5 
 Consumer products & retail First Lien 6 14 2025 L+7.75 (Floor 1.00 1,650,209 1,640,577 561,070 0.88 KORE Wireless Group Inc. Telecommunications First Lien 12 20 2024 SOFR+5.50 5,596,801 5,582,240 5,316,962 8.29 Lab Logistics, LLC Healthcare services First Lien 9 25 2023 SOFR+7.25 (Floor 1.00 10,049,775 10,016,805 9,929,178 15.49 Lash OpCo, LLC Consumer products & retail First Lien 3 18 2026 L+7.00 (Floor 1.00 6,112,587 5,998,755 5,868,085 9.15 Lift Brands, Inc. Consumer services Tranche A 6 29 2025 SOFR+7.50 (Floor 1.00 2,476,833 2,476,832 2,427,296 3.79 Tranche B 6 29 2025 9.50 PIK 601,606 601,632 547,461 0.85 Tranche C 6 29 2025 564,693 564,693 513,870 0.80 1,051 shares common stock 748,600 552,953 0.86 Lightbox Intermediate, L.P. Software & IT services First Lien 5 9 2026 L+5.00 6,876,393 6,831,428 6,635,720 10.35 LOGIX Holdings Company, LLC Telecommunications First Lien 12 23 2024 L+5.75 (Floor 1.00 4,443,350 4,431,262 3,637,991 5.67 Mills Fleet Farm Group LLC Consumer products & retail First Lien 10 24 2024 L+6.25 (Floor 1.00 4,490,700 4,462,209 4,400,885 6.86 National Credit Care, LLC Consumer services First Lien - Term Loan A 12 23 2026 L+6.50 (Floor 1.00 2,159,091 2,125,317 2,122,171 3.31 First Lien - Term Loan B 12 23 2026 L+7.50 (Floor 1.00 2,159,091 2,125,121 2,122,170 3.31 NBG Acquisition, Inc. 5 
 Wholesale First Lien 4 26 2024 L+5.50 (Floor 1.00 2,606,250 2,592,630 78,187 0.12 NinjaTrader, Inc. Financial services First Lien 12 18 2024 L+6.25 (Floor 1.00 5,000,000 4,939,218 5,000,000 7.80 
 5 

I-45 SLF LLC 
 and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments 
 March 31, 2023 

Portfolio Company 6 
 Industry Investment Type 1 
 Maturity Date Current Interest Rate 2 
 Principal Amount Cost Fair Value Percentage of Members' Equity Research Now Group, Inc. Business services First Lien 12 20 2024 L+5.50 (Floor 1.00 5,873,577 5,836,826 4,504,770 7.03 Retail Services WIS Corporation Business services First Lien 5 20 2025 L+7.75 (Floor 1.00 2,826,812 2,793,391 2,742,007 4.28 SIB Holdings, LLC Business services First Lien 10 29 2026 L+6.25 (Floor 1.00 2,928,750 2,884,429 2,840,888 4.43 Stellant Midco, LLC Aerospace & defense First Lien 10 2 2028 SOFR+5.50 (Floor 0.75 2,265,500 2,246,704 2,172,048 3.39 Tacala, LLC Consumer products & retail First Lien 2 5 2027 L+3.50 (Floor 0.75 989,583 949,481 973,913 1.52 Second Lien 2 4 2028 L+7.50 (Floor 0.75 6,000,000 5,958,064 5,501,280 8.58 TEAM Services Group, LLC Healthcare services First Lien 12 20 2027 L+5.00 (Floor 1.00 6,619,754 6,582,130 6,454,260 10.07 U.S. TelePacific Corp. Telecommunications First Lien 5 1 2026 SOFR+1.00 , 7.25 PIK (Floor 1.00 5,635,000 5,634,999 1,479,187 2.31 Veregy Consolidated, Inc. Environmental services First Lien 11 3 2027 L+6.00 (Floor 1.00 1,955,000 1,950,885 1,683,255 2.63 Vida Capital, Inc. Financial services First Lien 10 1 2026 L+6.00 3,265,000 3,236,194 2,407,937 3.76 Wahoo Fitness Acquisition, LLC 5 
 Consumer products & retail First Lien 8 14 2028 SOFR+5.75 (Floor 1.00 4,875,000 4,751,309 2,071,876 3.23 YS Garments, LLC Consumer products & retail First Lien 8 9 2026 L+7.50 (Floor 1.00 4,156,593 4,131,944 3,740,936 5.83 Total Investments 169,874,371 143,712,034 224.15 
 
 (1) Corporate bank loans and common stock and warrants represent 222.1 and 2.1 , respectively, of Members' Equity as of March 31, 2023. 
 (2) The majority of investments bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or L ), Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or Prime P which reset daily, monthly, quarterly, or semiannually. For each, the Company has provided the spread over LIBOR, SOFR or Prime and the current interest rate in effect at March 31, 2023. Certain investments are subject to an interest rate floor. Certain investments, as noted, accrue payment-in-kind PIK interest. SOFR based contracts may include a credit spread adjustment (the Adjustment that is charged in addition to the stated spread. The Adjustment is applied when the SOFR rate, plus the Adjustment, exceeds the stated floor rate, as applicable. As of March 31, 2023, SOFR based contracts in the portfolio had Adjustments ranging from 0.10 to 0.26161 . 
 (3) The investment has approximately 246.6 thousand in an unfunded revolver commitment as of March 31, 2023. 
 (4) The investment has approximately 43.8 thousand in an unfunded delayed draw commitment as of March 31, 2023. 
 (5) Investment was on non-accrual status as of March 31, 2023, meaning the Company has ceased to recognize interest income on the investment. 
 (6) All portfolio companies are domiciled in the United States, unless otherwise noted. 
 (7) The company is domiciled in Canada. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

I-45 SLF LLC 
 and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments 
 March 31, 2022 

Portfolio Company 6 
 Industry Investment Type 1 
 Maturity Date Current Interest Rate 2 
 Principal Amount Cost Fair Value Percentage of Members' Equity AAC New Holdco Inc. Healthcare services First Lien 6 25 2025 10.00 , 8.00 PIK 1,899,255 1,899,255 1,832,781 2.54 304,075 shares common stock 1,449,127 1,449,127 2.01 Warrants (Expiration - December 11, 2025) 482,412 482,412 0.67 ADS Tactical, Inc. Aerospace & defense First Lien 3 19 2026 L+5.75 (Floor 1.00 6,394,231 6,283,162 6,133,122 8.51 American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. 5 
 Telecommunications Revolving Loan 6 30 2022 P+5.50 (Floor 2.00 1,027,491 1,020,896 63,855 0.09 First Lien 6 8 2023 P+5.50 (Floor 2.00 5,597,579 5,565,782 307,867 0.43 ATX Networks (Toronto) Corporation 7 
 Technology products & components First Lien 9 1 2026 L+7.50 , (Floor 1.00 2,616,688 2,610,076 2,498,937 3.47 Senior Subordinated Debt 9 1 2028 10.00 PIK 1,080,726 1,080,726 729,490 1.01 196 Class A units Burning Glass Intermediate Holding Company, Inc. Software & IT services Revolving Loan 3 
 6 10 2028 L+5.00 (Floor 1.00 73,973 67,463 67,463 0.09 First Lien 6 10 2028 L+5.00 (Floor 1.00 3,189,452 3,139,669 3,189,452 4.43 Corel, Inc. 7 
 Software & IT services First Lien 7 2 2026 L+5.00 6,802,781 6,649,975 6,804,924 9.44 Emerald Technologies (U.S.) Acquisitionco, Inc. Technology products & components First Lien 12 29 2027 SOFR +6.25 (Floor 1.00 3,125,000 3,063,410 3,078,125 4.27 Evergreen AcqCo 1 LP Consumer products & retail First Lien 4 26 2028 L+5.50 (Floor 0.75 4,179,000 4,142,649 4,158,105 5.77 Evergreen North America Acquisitions, LLC Industrial services First Lien 8 13 2026 L+6.75 (Floor 1.00 6,740,323 6,622,570 6,740,323 9.36 Geo Parent Corporation Building & infrastructure products First Lien 12 19 2025 L+5.25 6,839,744 6,809,224 6,805,545 9.45 
 7 

I-45 SLF LLC 
 and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments 
 March 31, 2022 

Portfolio Company 6 
 Industry Investment Type 1 
 Maturity Date Current Interest Rate 2 
 Principal Amount Cost Fair Value Percentage of Members' Equity GS Operating, LLC Distribution First Lien 1 3 2028 SOFR +6.00 (Floor 0.75 4,987,500 4,891,052 4,987,500 6.92 Infogain Corporation Software & IT services First Lien 7 28 2028 L+5.75 (Floor 1.00 4,783,654 4,718,780 4,769,303 6.62 InfoGroup Inc. Software & IT services First Lien 4 3 2023 L+5.00 (Floor 1.00 2,850,000 2,845,252 2,703,938 3.75 Integro Parent Inc. Business services First Lien 10 28 2022 L+5.75 (Floor 1.00 3,217,460 3,208,400 3,043,187 4.22 Intermedia Holdings, Inc. Software & IT services First Lien 7 21 2025 L+6.00 (Floor 1.00 5,676,508 5,658,733 5,638,192 7.83 Inventus Power, Inc. Technology products & components First Lien 3 29 2024 SOFR +5.00 (Floor 1.00 6,930,000 6,883,970 6,791,400 9.43 INW Manufacturing, LLC Food, agriculture, & beverage First Lien 3 25 2027 L+5.75 (Floor 0.75 2,925,000 2,867,256 2,866,500 3.98 Isagenix International, LLC Consumer products & retail First Lien 6 14 2025 L+5.75 (Floor 1.00 1,684,740 1,677,192 1,087,558 1.51 KORE Wireless Group Inc. Telecommunications First Lien 12 20 2024 L+5.50 4,657,831 4,638,860 4,640,364 6.44 Lab Logistics, LLC Healthcare services First Lien 9 25 2023 L+7.25 (Floor 1.00 6,242,038 6,212,419 6,242,038 8.66 Lash OpCo, LLC Consumer products & retail First Lien 3 18 2026 L+7.00 (Floor 1.00 4,987,500 4,880,990 4,877,775 6.77 Delayed Draw Term Loan 4 
 3 18 2026 L+7.00 (Floor 1.00 1,186,957 1,151,855 1,160,843 1.61 Lift Brands, Inc. Consumer services Tranche A 6 29 2025 L+7.50 (Floor 1.00 2,502,042 2,502,042 2,251,838 3.13 Tranche B 6 29 2025 9.50 PIK 583,177 583,177 437,383 0.61 Tranche C 6 29 2025 564,693 564,693 423,519 0.59 1,051 shares common stock 748,600 748,600 1.04 Lightbox Intermediate, L.P. Software & IT services First Lien 5 9 2026 L+5.00 4,947,836 4,913,508 4,873,619 6.76 LOGIX Holdings Company, LLC Telecommunications First Lien 12 23 2024 L+5.75 (Floor 1.00 5,826,004 5,807,333 5,491,009 7.62 Mills Fleet Farm Group LLC Consumer products & retail First Lien 10 24 2024 L+6.25 (Floor 1.00 4,623,125 4,583,904 4,623,125 6.42 
 8 

I-45 SLF LLC 
 and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments 
 March 31, 2022 

Portfolio Company 6 
 Industry Investment Type 1 
 Maturity Date Current Interest Rate 2 
 Principal Amount Cost Fair Value Percentage of Members' Equity National Credit Care, LLC Consumer services First Lien - Term Loan A 12 23 2026 L+6.50 (Floor 1.00 2,500,000 2,452,711 2,482,500 3.45 First Lien - Term Loan B First Lien - Term Loan B 12 23 2026 L+7.50 (Floor 1.00 2,500,000 2,452,711 2,482,500 3.45 NBG Acquisition, Inc. Wholesale First Lien 4 26 2024 L+5.50 (Floor 1.00 2,662,500 2,646,932 1,807,172 2.51 NinjaTrader, Inc. Financial services First Lien 12 18 2024 L+6.25 (Floor 1.00 5,000,000 4,908,403 5,000,000 6.94 NorthStar Group Services, Inc. Environmental services First Lien 11 9 2026 L+5.50 (Floor 1.00 2,961,290 2,947,702 2,950,185 4.09 Research Now Group, Inc. Business services First Lien 12 20 2024 L+5.50 (Floor 1.00 4,935,567 4,935,567 4,861,015 6.75 Retail Services WIS Corporation Business services First Lien 5 20 2025 L+7.75 (Floor 1.00 2,958,524 2,912,186 2,914,146 4.04 SIB Holdings, LLC Business services First Lien 10 29 2026 L+6.00 (Floor 1.00 3,000,000 2,945,060 2,958,000 4.11 Stellant Midco, LLC Aerospace & defense First Lien 10 2 2028 L+5.50 (Floor 0.75 2,288,500 2,267,212 2,254,173 3.13 Tacala, LLC Consumer products & retail Second Lien 2 7 2028 L+7.50 (Floor 0.75 5,000,000 4,991,330 4,943,750 6.86 TEAM Services Group, LLC Healthcare services First Lien 12 20 2027 L+5.00 (Floor 1.00 6,687,303 6,643,981 6,637,148 9.21 TestEquity, LLC Capital equipment First Lien 4 28 2022 L+6.25 (Floor 1.00 3,804,805 3,804,239 3,804,805 5.28 First Lien - Term Loan B 4 28 2022 L+6.25 (Floor 1.00 941,707 941,561 941,707 1.31 UniTek Global Services, Inc. Telecommunications First Lien 8 20 2024 L+5.50 , 2.00 PIK (Floor 1.00 2,814,048 2,802,007 2,626,913 3.65 U.S. TelePacific Corp. Telecommunications First Lien 5 1 2026 L+1.00 , 7.25 PIK (Floor 1.00 5,239,140 5,239,140 3,714,550 5.16 Veregy Consolidated, Inc. Environmental services First Lien 11 3 2027 L+6.00 (Floor 1.00 1,975,000 1,970,150 1,935,500 2.69 Vida Capital, Inc. Financial services First Lien 10 1 2026 L+6.00 3,565,000 3,530,511 3,282,777 4.56 Wahoo Fitness Acquisition, LLC Consumer products & retail First Lien 8 14 2028 L+5.75 (Floor 1.00 4,968,750 4,833,270 4,869,375 6.76 
 9 

I-45 SLF LLC 
 and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments 
 March 31, 2022 

Portfolio Company 6 
 Industry Investment Type 1 
 Maturity Date Current Interest Rate 2 
 Principal Amount Cost Fair Value Percentage of Members' Equity YS Garments, LLC Consumer products & retail First Lien 8 9 2024 L+5.50 (Floor 1.00 4,281,594 4,264,683 4,238,778 5.88 Total Investments 187,713,768 176,704,213 245.26 
 
 (1) Corporate bank loans and common stock and warrants represent 241.5 and 3.7 , respectively, of Members' Equity as of March 31, 2022. 
 (2) The majority of investments bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or L ), Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or Prime P )) which reset daily, monthly, quarterly, or semiannually. For each the Company has provided the spread over LIBOR, SOFR or Prime and the current interest rate in effect at March 31, 2022. Certain investments are subject to an interest rate floor. Certain investments, as noted, accrue payment-in-kind PIK interest. 
 (3) The investment has approximately 0.3 million in an unfunded revolver commitment as of March 31, 2022. 
 (4) The investment has approximately 0.8 million in an unfunded delayed draw commitment as of March 31, 2022. 
 (5) Investment was on non-accrual status as of March 31, 2022, meaning the Company has ceased to recognize interest income on the investment. The current interest rate and terms disclosed on investments on non-accrual reflect the terms at the time of placement on non-accrual status. 
 (6) All portfolio companies are domiciled in the United States, unless otherwise noted. 
 (7) The company is domiciled in Canada. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

I-45 SLF LLC 
 and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 Years Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Investment income Interest income 16,537,219 12,614,627 13,503,215 Dividend income 6,049 Fees and other income 376,940 183,154 426,418 Total investment income 16,914,159 12,803,830 13,929,633 Expenses Interest expense 7,302,023 3,819,893 4,236,991 Administrative fee 100,130 125,298 118,416 Professional fees and other 139,949 220,781 209,783 Total expenses 7,542,102 4,165,972 4,565,190 Net investment income 9,372,057 8,637,858 9,364,443 Realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments Net realized gain (loss) on investments 1,223,803 1,047,337 (15,312,952) Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments (15,152,771) (4,569,244) 30,467,391 Net (loss) gain on investments (13,928,968) (3,521,907) 15,154,439 Net (decrease) increase in members' equity resulting from operations (4,556,911) 5,115,951 24,518,882 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

I-45 SLF LLC 
 and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members' Equity 
 
 Years Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Members' equity beginning balance 72,048,107 71,573,341 49,779,446 Contributions 6,000,000 4,000,000 16,000,000 Distributions (9,376,360) (8,641,185) (18,724,987) 68,671,747 66,932,156 47,054,459 Net increase in members' equity resulting from operations Net investment income 9,372,057 8,637,858 9,364,443 Net realized gain (loss) on investments 1,223,803 1,047,337 (15,312,952) Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments (15,152,771) (4,569,244) 30,467,391 Net (decrease) increase in members' equity resulting from operations (4,556,911) 5,115,951 24,518,882 Members' equity ending balance 64,114,836 72,048,107 71,573,341 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 12 

I-45 SLF LLC 
 and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 Years Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net (decrease) increase in members' equity resulting from operations (4,556,911) 5,115,951 24,518,882 Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in members' equity resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net realized (gain) loss on investments (1,203,361) (1,047,337) 15,312,952 Net change in unrealized depreciation (appreciation) on investments 15,152,771 4,569,244 (30,467,391) Amortization of premiums and discounts on investments (443,918) (393,573) (502,920) Amortization of deferred financing costs 1,037,109 820,017 934,097 Purchases of investments (16,450,381) (75,778,732) (40,196,036) Proceeds from sales and repayments of debt investments 35,875,329 57,552,349 62,539,176 Proceeds from sales and return of capital of equity investments 1,173,049 3,601,813 Payment-in-kind interest and dividends (1,111,310) (856,791) (177,092) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Due from broker (914,554) 29,433 (114,142) Interest receivable (294,910) (297,380) 523,388 Other Assets 65,097 (10,500) (36,981) Payable for securities purchased (13,071,599) 13,071,599 Interest payable 20,358 27,675 (56,300) Accrued expenses and other liabilities 6,401 (17,074) 46,401 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 28,354,769 (19,756,504) 45,395,633 Cash flows from financing activities Borrowings under credit facility 14,500,000 56,000,000 18,000,000 Repayments of credit facility (43,000,000) (32,500,000) (52,000,000) Deferred financing costs paid (26,715) (1,102,765) Capital contributions 6,000,000 4,000,000 16,000,000 Distributions (9,325,218) (8,186,826) (19,613,373) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (31,825,218) 19,286,459 (38,716,138) Net change in cash and cash equivalents (3,470,449) (470,045) 6,679,495 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 
 9,948,554 10,418,599 3,739,104 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 6,478,105 9,948,554 10,418,599 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid during the period for interest 5,871,220 2,983,211 3,357,055 Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing activities Distributions payable 2,425,586 2,374,444 1,920,085 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 13 

I-45 SLF LLC 
 and Subsidiary 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 ORGANIZATION 
 
 I-45 SLF LLC and Subsidiary (the Company was organized as a Delaware limited liability company on September 3, 2015 by the filing of a certificate of formation (the Certificate with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware under and pursuant to the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act ). The Company is a joint venture between Main Street Capital Corporation and Capital Southwest Corporation. Capital Southwest Corporation owns 80.0 of the Company and has a current profits interest of 78.25 , while Main Street Capital Corporation owns 20.0 and has a current profits interest of 21.75 . The initial equity capital commitment to the Company totaled 85 million, consisting of 68 million from Capital Southwest Corporation and 17 million from Main Street Capital Corporation. On April 30, 2020, each of Capital Southwest Corporation and Main Street Capital Corporation made an additional equity capital commitment of 12.8 million and 3.2 million, respectively, which resulted in a total equity capital commitment to the Company of 80.8 million and 20.2 million, respectively. On March 25, 2021, the Company declared a return of capital dividend to its members in the amount of 10 million. On January 19, 2023, the Company called 6.0 million in equity capital from its members. As of March 31, 2023, total funded equity capital totaled 101.0 million, consisting of 80.8 million from Capital Southwest Corporation and 20.2 million from Main Street Capital Corporation. The Company's Board of Managers makes all investment and operational decisions for the fund, and consists of equal representation from Capital Southwest Corporation and Main Street Capital Corporation. 
 
 On March 11, 2021, Capital Southwest Corporation and Main Street Capital Corporation entered into the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement (the Amendment ), which increased Capital Southwest Corporation's profits interest from (a) 75.6 to (b) an amount equal to (i) 76.26250 as of the date of the Amendment through the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (ii) 76.9250 for the quarter ending June 30, 2021 (iii) 77.58750 for the quarter ending September 30, 2021 and (iv) 78.250 for the quarter ending December 31, 2021 and periods thereafter. 
 
 On September 18, 2015, the Company s wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary, I-45 SPV LLC (the SPV was organized as a Delaware limited liability company by the filing of a certificate of formation with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Company is the sole equity member of the SPV. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 The registered agent and office of the Company required by the Act to be maintained in the State of Delaware is The Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801. The principal office of the Company shall be located at such place within or without the State of Delaware, and the Company shall maintain such records, as the Members shall determine from time to time. 
 
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 The accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP as detailed in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC ). The Company is an investment company and follows the accounting and reporting guidance in FASB Topic 946 - Financial Services - Investment Companies ASC Topic 946 ). Financial statements prepared on a U.S. GAAP basis require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts and disclosures reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions could change in the future as more information becomes known, which could impact the amounts reported and disclosed herein. 
 
 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 INVESTMENTS 
 Investment transactions are accounted for on a trade-date basis. Premiums and discounts are amortized over the lives of the respective debt securities using the effective interest method. Investments that are held by the Company are stated at fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 820 - Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC Topic 820 ). 
 
 14 

Realized gains or losses are measured by the difference between the net proceeds from the sale or redemption of an investment and the cost basis of the investment, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, and includes investments written-off during the year net of recoveries and realized gains or losses from in-kind redemptions. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation reflects the net change in the fair value of the investment portfolio and the reclassification of any prior period unrealized appreciation or depreciation on exited investments and financial instruments to realized gains or losses. 
 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 Cash and cash equivalents, which consist of cash and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase, are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. Cash may be held in a money market fund from time to time, which is a Level 1 security. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company maintains its cash and cash equivalent balances in financial institutions, which at times may exceed federally insured limits. The Company is subject to credit risk to the extent any financial institution with which it conducts business is unable to fulfill contractual obligations on its behalf. Management monitors the financial condition of such financial institutions and does not anticipate any losses from these counterparties. 
 
 DEFERRED FINANCING COSTS 
 Deferred financing costs include commitment fees and other costs related to the Company s credit facility (the Credit Facility , as discussed further in Note 4). These costs have been capitalized and are amortized into interest expense over the term of the individual instrument. 
 
 INTEREST INCOME 
 
 Interest income is recorded as earned on the accrual basis and includes amortization of premiums or accretion of discounts. In accordance with the Company s valuation policy, accrued interest receivables are evaluated periodically for collectability. When the Company does not expect the debtor to be able to service all of its debt or other obligations, the Company will generally establish a reserve against interest income receivable, thereby placing the loan or debt security on non-accrual status, and cease to recognize interest income on that loan or debt security until the borrower has demonstrated the ability and intent to pay contractual amounts due. If a loan or debt security s status significantly improves regarding the ability to service debt or other obligations, it will be restored to accrual basis. As of March 31, 2023, the Company had four investments on non-accrual status, which represented approximately 2.1 of the total investment portfolio's fair value and approximately 9.1 of its cost. As of March 31, 2022, the Company had one investment on non-accrual status, which represented 0.2 of the total investment portfolio's fair value and approximately 3.5 of its cost. 
 
 EXPENSES 
 
 Unless otherwise voluntarily or contractually assumed by the Board of Managers or another party, the Company bears all expenses incurred in its business including, but not limited to, the following all costs and expenses related to investment transactions and positions for the Company, legal fees, accounting, auditing and tax preparation fees, recordkeeping and custodial fees, costs of computing the Company s members equity, research expenses, costs of registration expenses, all costs with respect to communications with members, and other types of expenses as may be approved from time to time. 
 
 INCOME TAXES 
 
 The Company is organized and operates as a limited liability company and is not subject to income taxes as a separate entity. Such taxes are the responsibility of the individual members. Accordingly, no provision for income taxes has been made in the Company s financial statements. Investments in foreign securities may result in foreign taxes being withheld by the issuer of such securities. 
 
 For the current open tax year and for all major jurisdictions, management of the Company has evaluated the tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions will more-likely-than-not be sustained by the Company upon challenge by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold and that would result in a tax benefit or expense to the Company would be recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year. For each of the three tax years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company determined that it did not have any uncertain tax positions. Generally, the Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities during the three years ended December 31, 2019 through 2021. 
 15 

RECENTLY ISSUED OR ADOPTED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference rate reform (Topic 848) Facilitation of the effects of reference rate reform on financial reporting. The amendments in this update provide optional expedients and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP to certain contracts and hedging relationships that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued due to reference rate reform and became effective upon issuance for all entities. The Company has agreements that have LIBOR as a reference rate with certain portfolio companies and certain lenders. Many of these agreements include an alternative successor rate or language for choosing an alternative successor rate when LIBOR reference is no longer considered to be appropriate. With respect to other agreements, the Company intends to work with its portfolio companies and certain lenders to modify agreements to choose an alternative successor rate. Contract modifications are required to be evaluated in determining whether the modifications result in the establishment of new contracts or the continuation of existing contracts. On December 21, 2022 the FASB issued ASU 2022-06 Reference rate reform (Topic 848) Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848, which defers the sunset date of ASC 848 until December 31, 2023. ASU 2022-06 became effective upon issuance. The expedients and exceptions provided by the amendments do not apply to contract modifications and hedging relationships entered into or evaluated after December 31, 2024, except for hedging transactions as of December 31, 2024, that an entity has elected certain optional expedients for and that are retained through the end of the hedging relationship. The Company does not believe it will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements or its disclosure and did not utilize the optional expedients and exceptions provided by ASU 2020-04 during the year ended March 31, 2023. 
 
 In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) - Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions, which was issued to (1) clarify the guidance in Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement, when measuring the fair value of an equity security subject to contractual restrictions that prohibit the sale of an equity security, (2) amend a related illustrative example, and (3) introduce new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value in accordance with Topic 820. The new guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard on the Company's consolidated financial statements and related disclosures and does not believe it will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements or its disclosure. 
 
 3. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
 
 ASC Topic 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the exit price in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value of the Company s investments is determined as of the close of business at the end of each reporting period Valuation Date in conformity with the guidance on fair value measurements and disclosures under U.S. GAAP. 
 
 The inputs used to determine the fair value of the Company s investments are summarized in the three broad levels listed below 
 
 Level 1- unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical investments 
 Level 2- investments with other significant observable inputs (including quoted prices for similar securities, interest rates, prepayments speeds, credit risk, etc.) 
 Level 3- investments with significant unobservable inputs (including the Company s own assumptions in determining the fair value of investments) 
 
 The Company establishes valuation processes and procedures to ensure the valuation methodologies for investments categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are fair, consistent, and verifiable. The Company designates the Board of Managers to oversee the entire valuation process of Level 3 investments. The Board of Managers is responsible for developing the Company s valuation processes and procedures, conducting periodic reviews of the valuation policies, and evaluating the overall fairness and consistent application of the valuation policies. Additionally, the Board of Managers is responsible for reviewing and approving the valuation determinations, as well as determining the levels of the fair value hierarchy in which the investments fall. 
 
 The Board of Managers meets on a quarterly basis, or more frequently as needed, to determine the valuations of Level 3 investments. Valuations determined by the Board of Managers are required to be supported by market data, third-party pricing sources, industry accepted pricing models, counterparty prices, or other methods the Board of Managers deems to be appropriate, including the use of internal proprietary pricing models. The Company, along with the Board of Managers, periodically reviews the valuations of Level 3 investments, and if necessary, recalibrates its valuation procedures. 
 
 Investments currently held by the Company are generally valued as follows 
 16 

Securities that are listed on a recognized exchange are valued at their last available public sales price. Securities that are listed on more than one national securities exchange are valued at the last quoted sales price on the primary exchange on which the security is listed. If a security was not traded on the primary exchange on the valuation date, such security is valued at the last quoted sales price on the next most active market, if the Board of Managers determines the price to be representative of fair value. Investments that are not listed on an exchange but are traded over-the-counter are generally valued using independent pricing services. These pricing services may use the broker quotes or models that consider such factors as issue type, coupon rate, maturity, rating, prepayment speed, yield, or prices of comparable quality, when pricing securities. 
 
 In the case of investments not priced by independent pricing services, the Board of Managers will endeavor to obtain market maker quotes. For both long and short positions, the average of all bid and asked quotations is generally used. 
 
 The fair value determination of the Company s investments consists of a combination of observable inputs in non-active markets and unobservable inputs. The observable inputs are not always sufficient to determine the fair value of these investments. As a result, all investments currently held by the Company are categorized as Level 3 under ASC 820. 
 
 The following table summarizes the valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used for the Company s investments that are categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 Type of Investment Fair Value at March 31, 2023 Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range Corporate bank loans 79,760,373 Income Approach Broker Quotes 3.0 - 98.4 62,624,344 Income Approach Discount Rate 8.2 - 16.7 Common stock and warrants 1,327,317 Enterprise Value Waterfall Analysis Discount Rate 12.1 - 20.0 Enterprise Value Waterfall Analysis EBITDA Multiple 9.0x - 10.0x 143,712,034 
 Type of Investment Fair Value at March 31, 2022 Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range Corporate bank loans 107,165,687 Income Approach Broker Quotes 5.5 - 100.0 57,124,375 Income Approach Discount Rate 7.3 - 20.0 9,734,012 Market Approach Exit Value 100.0 - 100.0 Common stock and warrants 2,680,139 Enterprise Value Waterfall Analysis Discount Rate 11.6 - 20.0 Enterprise Value Waterfall Analysis EBITDA Multiple 9.0x - 11.1x 176,704,213 

The Board of Managers will evaluate the valuation hierarchy and make changes when necessary. The Company discloses transfers between levels based on valuations at the end of the reporting period. There were no transfers between levels for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. The inputs or methodology used for valuing investments are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in those investments. 

17 

The following is a summary categorization, as of March 31, 2023, of the Company s investments based on the level of inputs utilized in determining the value of such investments 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Investments (at fair value) Corporate bank loans 142,384,717 142,384,717 Common stock and warrants 1,327,317 1,327,317 Total investments 143,712,034 143,712,034 Cash equivalents - money market fund 3,074,055 3,074,055 3,074,055 143,712,034 146,786,089 
 
 The following is a summary categorization, as of March 31, 2022, of the Company s investments based on the level of inputs utilized in determining the value of such investments 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Investments (at fair value) Corporate bank loans 174,024,074 174,024,074 Common stock and warrants 2,680,139 2,680,139 Total investments 176,704,213 176,704,213 Cash equivalents - money market fund 1,549,246 1,549,246 1,549,246 176,704,213 178,253,459 
 
 Both observable and unobservable inputs may be used to determine the fair value of positions that the Company has classified within the Level 3 category. As a result, the unrealized gains and losses for assets within the Level 3 category may include changes in fair value that were attributable to both observable and unobservable inputs. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company purchase d 16,450,381 a nd 75,778,732 , respectively, of new investments of corporate bank loans classified as Level 3 investments in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 4. CREDIT FACILITY 
 The Company closed on a 75.0 million 5-year senior secured credit facility with Deutsche Bank AG (the Credit Facility in the period ended March 31, 2016. The Company maintains the Credit Facility to provide additional liquidity to support its investment and operational activities. This facility includes an accordion feature which allows the Company to achieve leverage of up to 2x debt-to-equity. The Credit Facility initially bore interest on a per annum basis at a rate equal to the applicable LIBOR rate plus 2.50 . During the year ended March 31, 2017, the Company increased credit facility commitments outstanding by an additional 90.0 million by adding three additional lenders to the syndicate, bringing total debt commitments to 165.0 million. In July 2017, the Credit Facility was amended to extend the maturity to July 2022 and to reduce the interest rate on borrowings to LIBOR plus 2.40 . In November 2019, the Credit Facility was further amended to extend the maturity to November 2024 and to reduce the interest rate on borrowings to LIBOR rate plus 2.25 . 
 On April 30, 2020, the Credit Facility was amended to permanently reduce the Credit Facility amount through a prepayment of 15.0 million and to change the minimum utilization requirements. On March 25, 2021, the Credit Facility was amended to extend the maturity to March 25, 2026 and to reduce the interest rate on borrowings to LIBOR plus 2.15 . 
 On March 30, 2023, the Credit Facility was further amended to permanently reduce the Credit Facility amount to 100.0 million in total debt commitments and replace LIBOR with Term SOFR as the reference interest rate. After giving effect to the amendment, the interest rate on borrowings is Term SOFR rate plus 2.41 . 
 The Company pays an administrative agent fee of 0.25 per annum and unused fees of 0.35 per annum on the unused lender commitments under the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility is secured by a first lien on the assets of the 
 18 

Company. The Credit Facility contains certain affirmative and negative covenants, including but not limited to maintenance of a borrowing base. 
 At March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had 86.0 million and 114.5 million, respectively, in borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility. The Company recognized interest expense related to the Credit Facility, including unused commitment fees, administrative agent fees and amortization of deferred loan costs, of approximately 7.3 million, 3.8 million, and 4.2 million respectively, for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. The weighted average interest rate on the Credit Facility was 5.48 and 2.40 , respectively, for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. Average borrowings for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 were 104.2 million and 102.9 million, respectively. 
 A summary of the Company's contractual payment obligations for the repayment of outstanding indebtedness at March 31, 2023 is as follows 
 
 Years Ending March 31, 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Credit Facility 86,000 86,000 
 
 5. ALLOCATION OF PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 For each fiscal year, profits or net losses of the Company are allocated among and credited to or debited against the capital accounts of the members as of the last day of each fiscal year in accordance with the Limited Liability Company Agreement (the LLC Agreement ). Net profits or net losses are allocated after giving effect for any initial or additional applications for interests or any repurchases of interests. Net investment income, realized gains and losses, and unrealized gains or losses are allocated to the members pro rata in accordance with their profit percentages, as defined in the LLC Agreement. Net profits or net losses are measured as the net change in the value of the members equity in the Company, including any change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation of investments and income, net of expenses, and realized gains or losses during a fiscal year. 
 Each quarter a cash distribution may be made to the members, which is generally equivalent to estimated net investment income. The distribution policy is subject to change by the Board of Managers based on business and market conditions at any time. Distributions are recorded on the declaration date and are generally paid to the members subsequent to each quarter end. 
 
 6. DUE FROM BROKERS 
 
 The Company conducts business with brokers for its investment activities. The clearing and depository operations for the investment activities are performed pursuant to agreements with the brokers. The Company is subject to credit risk to the extent any broker with whom the Company conducts business is unable to deliver cash balances or securities, or clear security transactions on the Company s behalf. The Company monitors the financial condition of the brokers with which the Company conducts business and believes the likelihood of loss under the aforementioned circumstances is remote. At March 31, 2023 and 2022, the balance in due from brokers is cash of approximately 1.0 million and 0.1 million, respectively. 
 
 7. ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT 
 
 In consideration for administrative, accounting, and recordkeeping services, the Company engaged US Bancorp Fund Services, LLC USBFS for the years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021. Effective April 1, 2022, the Company terminated its administration agreement with USBFS and entered into an administration agreement with Capital Southwest Corporation (the Administrator ). 
 
 The Company paid USBFS a quarterly administration fee, which was calculated based on the quarter end invested assets. For the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company had incurred 125.3 thousand in administration fees, of which 31.6 thousand were payable at the end of the year. For the year ended March 31, 2021, the Company had incurred 118.4 thousand in administration fees, of which 28.5 thousand were payable at the end of the year. 
 
 Effective April 1, 2022, the Company pays the Administrator an annual administration fee, which is set as the lesser of (a) 100 thousand and (b) the invested assets par value multiplied by six basis points. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company had incurred 100.1 thousand in administration fees, of whi ch 25.0 thous and were payable at the end of the year. 
 
 19 

USBFS is affiliated with a broker, U.S. Bank, through which the Company transacts operations. At March 31, 2023, cash and cash equivalents in the amount of 6.5 million are held with U.S. Bank. At March 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents in the amount of 9.9 million are held by U.S. Bank. 
 
 8. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
 The Administrator is a member of the Company. The Administrator owns 80.0 of the Company and has a current profits interest of 78.25 . The administration agreement effective April 1, 2022 was approved by the Company's Board of Managers. As of March 31, 2023, the Company had dividends payable to the Administrator of 1.9 million, which was included in distributions payable on the Consolidated Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Members' Equity. 
 
 9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 
 The Company entered into various trades during the periods ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. As of March 31, 2023 there was an outstanding trade in the amount of approximately 0.7 million that remained unsettled. This amount is included in the balance of Due from Broker on the Consolidated Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Members' Equity. As of March 31, 2022, there were no unsettled trades. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk, consisting primarily of unused commitments to extend financing to the Company s portfolio companies. Since commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The following table lists the outstanding commitments as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 March 31, March 31, Portfolio Company Investment Type 2023 2022 AAC New Holdco Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan 43,814 Burning Glass Intermediate Holding Company, Inc. Revolving Loan 246,575 295,890 Lash OpCo, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan 813,043 Total unused commitments to extend financing 290,389 1,108,933 
 
 The Company may, from time to time, be involved in litigation arising out of its operations in the normal course of business or otherwise. Furthermore, third parties may try to seek to impose liability on the Company in connection with the activities of its portfolio companies. The Company has no currently pending material legal proceedings to which it is a party or to which any of its assets is subject. 
 
 10. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
 
 Financial highlights are as follows 
 Years Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net investment income to average members' equity (1) 
 14.46 11.77 13.42 Expenses to average members' equity (1) 
 (11.64) (5.68) (6.54) Internal Rate of Return, end of year (2) 
 8.06 9.85 10.25 
 
 (1) Ratios are calculated by dividing the indicated amount by average members' equity measured as of the end of each quarter during the period. 
 (2) The internal rate of return since inception IRR of the members is computed based on the actual dates of cash inflows, outflows and the ending net assets at the end of the year of the members' equity account as of each measurement date. The IRR includes actual cash payments and does not include distributions declared but not yet paid. 
 
 Financial highlights are calculated for the members class taken as a whole. An individual member s return and ratios may vary. Financial highlights disclosed may not be indicative of future performance of the Company. 
 20 

10. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
 
 Management has evaluated the need for additional disclosures and or adjustments resulting from subsequent events through May 12, 2023, the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. 

21 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 11
 cswc33123ex992.htm
 EX-99.2

Document 

Exhibit 99.2 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Capital Southwest Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements referred to in our report dated May 23, 2023, appearing in Capital Southwest Corporation s annual report on Form 10-K also included an audit of the senior securities table of Capital Southwest Corporation and Subsidiaries (collectively, the Company) as of March 31, 2023, included in Part II, Item 5 of the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023. This table is the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In our opinion, the senior securities table, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. 
 
 s RSM US LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 May 23, 2023 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 cswc-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 cswc-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 cswc-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 cswc-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 cswc-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

