<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230508_10-K_edgar_data_721693_0001213900-23-037363.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6418582</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>463956</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1505135</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1306236</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1564561</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1411102</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-037363.hdr.sgml : 20230508
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230508163103
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-037363
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230508
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230508

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Smart Powerr Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000721693
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				900093373
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34625
		FILM NUMBER:		23898236

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4/F, TOWER C, RONG CHENG YUN GU BUILDING
		STREET 2:		KEJI 3RD ROAD, YANTA DISTRICT
		CITY:			XI'AN CITY, SHAANXI PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			710075
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86-29-8765-1097

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4/F, TOWER C, RONG CHENG YUN GU BUILDING
		STREET 2:		KEJI 3RD ROAD, YANTA DISTRICT
		CITY:			XI'AN CITY, SHAANXI PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			710075

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHINA RECYCLING ENERGY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070309

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHINA DIGITAL WIRELESS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040810

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BOULDER ACQUISITIONS  INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020430

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-037363.txt : 20230508

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_smartpowerr.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: ,

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to
____________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange 
on which registered Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

NONE 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of the large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the common stock outstanding held
by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the common stock of 2.95, as reported on the
Nasdaq Capital Market, was approximately million. 

As of May 8, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s
common stock outstanding. 

SMART POWERR CORP. 

FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 27 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 49 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 49 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 50 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 51 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 51 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 52 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 61 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 62 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 62 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 62 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Rearding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 62 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 63 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 67 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 69 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, Director Independence 
 70 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 71 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 72 

Item 16. 
 10-K Summary 
 76 

i 

PART I 

When we use the terms we, us, 
 our and the Company, we mean Smart Powerr Corp., a Nevada corporation, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
Shanghai Yinghua Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. Yinghua and Sifang Holdings Co., Ltd. Sifang ), and Sifang s
wholly-owned subsidiaries, Shaanxi Huahong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. Huahong and Shanghai TCH Energy Technology
Co., Ltd. Shanghai TCH ), Shanghai TCH s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Xi an TCH Energy Technology Company, Ltd. Xi an TCH ), Xi an TCH s wholly-owned subsidiary Erdos TCH Energy Saving Development Co., Ltd. Erdos
TCH ), Zhongxun Energy Investment (Beijing) Co., Ltd Zhongxun ), and 16.6 owned subsidiary, Beijing Hongyuan Recycling
Energy Investment Center Beijing Hongyuan ), and Xi an TCH Energy Technology Company, Ltd. Xi an TCH ),
which is 90 owned by Xi an TCH and 10 owned by Shanghai TCH s . 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General 

Smart Powerr Corp. is a holding company incorporated
in the state of Nevada. As a holding company with no material operations of our own, we conduct a substantial majority of our operations
through our subsidiaries established in the PRC. 

We are a pioneer in waste energy recycling and
a developer of energy efficiency solutions for various energy intensive industries in China. We use Build-Operate-Transfer BOT model to provide energy saving and recovery facilities for multiple energy intensive industries in China. Our waste energy recycling projects
allow customers which use substantial amounts of electricity to recapture previously wasted pressure, heat, and gas from their manufacturing
processes to generate electricity. We currently offer waste energy recycling systems to companies for use in nonferrous metal plants.
We construct our projects at our customer s facility and the electricity produced is used on-site by the customer. 

We develop fully customized projects across several
verticals to better meet customer s energy recovery needs. We provide a clean-technology and energy-efficient solution aimed at
reducing the air pollution and energy shortage problems in China. Our projects capture industrial waste energy to produce low-cost electricity,
enabling industrial manufacturers to reduce their energy costs by 5 to 20 , lower their operating costs, and in optimal circumstances,
extend the life of primary manufacturing equipment, while still complying with government regulations on emissions. Specifically, our
power generation systems use the waste heat and pressure of flue gas generated during customers daily course of energy usage, such
as manufacturing, and carry out necessary dust removal and desulfurization process afterwards, before putting the renewed energy back
into use. The purified flue gas can reduce the wear and corrosion of pipes, valves and fans on the original production line, so as to
improve the service life of these equipment. In addition, our waste energy recycling projects allow our industrial customers to reduce
their reliance on China s centralized national power grid, which is prone to black-outs or brown-outs or is completely inaccessible
from certain remote areas. Our projects generally produce lower carbon dioxide emissions and other pollutants, and are designed to be
more environmentally friendly than other forms of power generation. 

Since 2007, we have primarily used the BOT model
to serve our customers. For each project, we design, finance, construct and install the waste energy recycling projects for our customers,
operate the projects for five to 20 years, and then transfer the projects to the owners. The BOT model creates a win-win solution for
both our customers and us. We provide the capital expenditure financing in exchange for attractive returns on each project; our customers
can focus their capital resources on their core businesses, do not need to invest additional capitals to comply with government environmental
regulations, reduce noise and emissions and reduce their energy costs. We in turn recapture our costs through the stream of lease payments. 

We are headquartered in China. Our principal executive
offices are located at 4/F, Tower C, Rong Cheng Yun Gu Building, Keji 3rd Road, Yanta District, Xi an City, Shaanxi Province,
China, and our telephone number at this location is +86-29-8765-1097. 

1 

Company Overview and History 

The Company was incorporated on May 8, 1980 as
Boulder Brewing Company under the laws of the State of Colorado. On September 6, 2001, the Company changed its state of incorporation
to the State of Nevada. In 2004, the Company changed its name from Boulder Brewing Company to China Digital Wireless, Inc. and on March
8, 2007, again changed its name from China Digital Wireless, Inc. to China Recycling Energy Corporation, and most recently to Smart Powerr
Corp. in March of 2022. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides energy saving solutions and services, including selling and leasing
energy saving systems and equipment to customers, project investment, investment management, economic information consulting, technical
services, financial leasing, purchase of financial leasing assets, disposal and repair of financial leasing assets, consulting and ensuring
of financial leasing transactions in the Peoples Republic of China PRC ). 

Our business is primarily conducted through our
wholly-owned subsidiaries, Yinghua and Sifeng, Sifeng s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Huahong and Shanghai TCH, Shanghai TCH s
wholly-owned subsidiaries, Xi an TCH, Xi an TCH s wholly-owned subsidiary Erdos TCH and Xi an TCH s 90 
owned and Shanghai TCH s 10 owned subsidiary Xi an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and Zhongxun. Shanghai TCH
was established as a foreign investment enterprise in Shanghai under the laws of the PRC on May 25, 2004, and currently has registered
capital of 29.80 million. Xi an TCH was incorporated in Xi an, Shaanxi Province under the laws of the PRC in November 2007.
Erdos TCH was incorporated in April 2009. Huahong was incorporated in February 2009. Xi an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co.,
Ltd. was incorporated in July 2013. Xi an TCH owns 90 and Shanghai TCH owns 10 of Zhonghong. Zhonghong provides energy saving
solutions and services, including constructing, selling and leasing energy saving systems and equipment to customers. Zhongxun was incorporated
in March 2014 and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Xi an TCH. 

The Company is in the process of transforming
and expanding into an energy storage integrated solution provider. We plan to pursue disciplined and targeted expansion strategies for
market areas we currently do not serve. We actively seek and explore opportunities to apply energy storage technologies to new industries
or segments with high growth potential, including industrial and commercial complexes, large scale photovoltaic (PV) and wind power stations, remote
islands without electricity, and smart energy cities with multi-energy supplies. 

Legal and Operational
Risks of Operating in the PRC 

Smart Powerr Corp., or the Company or CREG, is
a holding company incorporated in the state of Nevada. As a holding company with no material operations, CREG conducts a substantial majority
of its operations through its subsidiaries established in the People s Republic of China, or the PRC or China. However, neither
the holding company nor any of the Company s Chinese subsidiaries conduct any operations through contractual arrangements with a
variable interest entity based in China. Investors in our common stock should be aware that they may never directly hold equity interests
in the PRC operating entities, but rather purchasing equity solely in CREG, our Nevada holding company. Furthermore, shareholders may
face difficulties enforcing their legal rights under United States securities laws against our directors and officers who are located
outside of the United States. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China Uncertainties with respect
to the PRC legal system could adversely affect us on page 43 of this annual report. 

Our equity structure is a direct holding
structure. Within our direct holding structure, the cross-border transfer of funds within our corporate entities is legal and
compliant with the laws and regulations of the PRC. After the foreign investors funds enter CREG, the funds can be directly
transferred to the PRC operating companies through its subsidiaries. Specifically, CREG is permitted under the Nevada laws to
provide funding to our subsidiary in Cayman Islands through loans or capital contributions without restrictions on the amount of the
funds, subject to satisfaction of applicable government registration, approval and filing requirements. Our subsidiary in Cayman
Islands is also permitted under the laws of Cayman Islands to provide funding to CREG through dividend distribution without
restrictions on the amount of the funds. Current PRC regulations permit our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to the Company
only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. As of the
date hereof, there have not been any transfers, dividends or distributions made between the holding company, its subsidiaries, and
to investors. Furthermore, as of the date hereof, no cash generated from one subsidiary is used to fund another subsidiary s
operations and we do not anticipate any difficulties or limitations on our ability to transfer cash between subsidiaries. We have
also not installed any cash management policies that dictate the amount of such funds and how such funds are transferred. For the
foreseeable future, we intend to use the earnings for our business operations and as a result, we do not intend to distribute
earnings or pay any cash dividends. See Transfers of Cash to and from Our Subsidiaries on page 59 and
60 of this annual report. 

2 

Because our operations
are primarily located in the PRC through our subsidiaries, we are subject to certain legal and operational risks associated with our operations
in China, including changes in the legal, political and economic policies of the Chinese government, the relations between China and the
U.S, or Chinese or U.S regulations may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. PRC
laws and regulations governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain, and therefore, these risks may result
in a material change in our operations and the value of our common stock, or could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability
to offer or continue to offer our securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless.
Recently, the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in China with little
advance notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies
listed overseas using a variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding
the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. As confirmed by our PRC counsel, Shaanxi Yan
Tan Law Firm , we will not be subject to cybersecurity review with the Cyberspace Administration of China,
or the CAC, after the Cybersecurity Review Measures became effective on February 15, 2022, since we currently do not have
over one million users personal information and do not anticipate that we will be collecting over one million users personal
information in the foreseeable future, which we understand might otherwise subject us to the Cybersecurity Review Measures. We
do not believe that our subsidiaries are directly subject to these regulatory actions or statements, as we have not implemented any monopolistic
behavior and our business does not involve the collection of user data or implicate cybersecurity. As of the date hereof, no relevant
laws or regulations in the PRC explicitly require us to seek approval from the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, or
any other PRC governmental authorities for future offerings, nor has our Nevada holding company or any of our subsidiaries received any
inquiry, notice, warning or sanctions regarding previous offerings from the CSRC or any other PRC governmental authorities. However, on
February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated Trial Administrative Measures of the Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies
(the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five relevant guidelines, which became effective on March 31, 2023. 
According to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, PRC domestic companies that seek to offer and list securities in overseas markets, either
in direct or indirect means, are required to fulfill the filing procedure with the CSRC and report relevant information. The Overseas
Listing Trial Measures provides that an overseas listing or offering is explicitly prohibited, if any of the following: (1) such securities
offering and listing is explicitly prohibited by provisions in laws, administrative regulations and relevant state rules; (2) the intended
securities offering and listing may endanger national security as reviewed and determined by competent authorities under the State Council
in accordance with law; (3) the domestic company intending to make the securities offering and listing, or its controlling shareholder(s)
and the actual controller, have committed relevant crimes such as corruption, bribery, embezzlement, misappropriation of property or undermining
the order of the socialist market economy during the latest three years; (4) the domestic company intending to make the securities offering
and listing is currently under investigations for suspicion of criminal offenses or major violations of laws and regulations, and no conclusion
has yet been made thereof; or (5) there are material ownership disputes over equity held by the domestic company s controlling shareholder(s)
or by other shareholder(s) that are controlled by the controlling shareholder(s) and/or actual controller. 

The Overseas Listing
Trial Measures also provides that if the issuer meets both the following criteria, the overseas securities offering and listing conducted
by such issuer will be deemed as indirect overseas offering by PRC domestic companies: (1) 50 or more of any of the issuer s operating
revenue, total profit, total assets or net assets as documented in its audited consolidated financial statements for the most recent fiscal
year is accounted for by domestic companies; and (2) the issuer s main business activities are conducted in China, or its main place(s)
of business are located in China, or the majority of senior management staff in charge of its business operations and management are PRC
citizens or have their usual place(s) of residence located in China. Where an issuer submits an application for initial public offering
to competent overseas regulators, such issuer must file with the CSRC within three business days after such application is submitted.
In addition, the Overseas Listing Trial Measures provide that the direct or indirect overseas listings of the assets of domestic companies
through one or more acquisitions, share swaps, transfers or other transaction arrangements shall be subject to filing procedures in accordance
with the Overseas Listing Trial Measures. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures also requires subsequent reports to be filed with the CSRC
on material events, such as change of control or voluntary or forced delisting of the issuer(s) who have completed overseas offerings
and listings. 

3 

At a press conference
held for these new regulations Press Conference ), officials from the CSRC clarified that the domestic companies that have
already been listed overseas on or before March 31, 2023 shall be deemed as existing issuers (the Existing Issuers ). Existing
Issuers are not required to complete the filling procedures immediately, and they shall be required to file with the CSRC upon occurrences
of certain subsequent matters such as follow-on offerings of securities. According to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and the Press
Conference, the existing domestic companies that have completed overseas offering and listing before March 31, 2023, such as us, shall
not be required to perform filing procedures for the completed overseas securities issuance and listing. However, from the effective date
of the regulation, any of our subsequent securities offering in the same overseas market or subsequent securities offering and listing
in other overseas markets shall be subject to the filing requirement with the CSRC within three working days after the offering is completed
or after the relevant application is submitted to the relevant overseas authorities, respectively. If it is determined that any approval,
filing or other administrative procedures from other PRC governmental authorities is required for any future offering or listing, we cannot
assure you that we can obtain the required approval or accomplish the required filings or other regulatory procedures in a timely manner,
or at all. If we fail to fulfill filing procedure as stipulated by the Trial Measures or offer and list securities in an overseas market
in violation of the Trial Measures, the CSRC may order rectification, issue warnings to us, and impose a fine of between RMB1,000,000
and RMB10,000,000. Persons-in-charge and other persons that are directly liable for such failure shall be warned and each imposed a fine
from RMB500,000 to RMB5,000,000. Controlling shareholders and actual controlling persons of us that organize or instruct such violations
shall be imposed a fine from RMB1,000,000 and RMB10,000,000. 

On February 24,
2023, the CSRC published the Provisions on Strengthening the Confidentiality and Archives Administration Related to the Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing by Domestic Enterprises (the Provisions on Confidentiality and Archives Administration ), which came
into effect on March 31, 2023. The Provisions on Confidentiality and Archives Administration requires that, in the process of overseas
issuance and listing of securities by domestic entities, the domestic entities, and securities companies and securities service institutions
that provide relevant securities service shall strictly implement the provisions of relevant laws and regulations and the requirements
of these provisions, establish and improve rules on confidentiality and archives administration. Where the domestic entities provide
with or publicly disclose documents, materials or other items related to the state secrets and government work secrets to the relevant
securities companies, securities service institutions, overseas regulatory authorities, or other entities or individuals, the companies
shall apply for approval of competent departments with the authority of examination and approval in accordance with law and report the
matter to the secrecy administrative departments at the same level for record filing. Where there is unclear or controversial whether
or not the concerned materials are related to state secrets, the materials shall be reported to the relevant secrecy administrative departments
for determination. However, there remain uncertainties regarding the further interpretation and implementation of the Provisions on Confidentiality
and Archives Administration. 

As of the date of this
annual report, we and our PRC subsidiaries have obtain the requisite licenses and permits from the
PRC government authorities that are material for the business operations of our PRC subsidiaries. In addition, as of the date of
this annual report, we and our PRC subsidiaries are not required to obtain approval or permission
from the CSRC or the CAC or any other entity that is required to approve our PRC subsidiaries operations or required for us to
offer securities to foreign investors under any currently effective PRC laws, regulations, and regulatory rules. If it is determined
that we are subject to filing requirements imposed by the CSRC under the Overseas Listing Regulations or approvals from other PRC regulatory
authorities or other procedures, including the cybersecurity review under the revised Cybersecurity
Review Measures , for our future offshore offerings, it would be uncertain whether we can or how long it will take us to complete
such procedures or obtain such approval and any such approval could be rescinded. Any failure to obtain or delay in completing such procedures
or obtaining such approval for our offshore offerings, or a rescission of any such approval if obtained by us, would subject us to sanctions
by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities for failure to file with the CSRC or failure to seek approval from other government authorization
for our offshore offerings. These regulatory authorities may impose fines and penalties on our operations in China, limit our ability
to pay dividends outside of China, limit our operating privileges in China, delay or restrict the repatriation of the proceeds from our
offshore offerings into China or take other actions that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations, and prospects, as well as the trading price of our common stock. The CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities also may
take actions requiring us, or making it advisable for us, to halt our offshore offerings before settlement and delivery of the securities
offered. Consequently, if investors engage in market trading or other activities in anticipation of and prior to settlement and delivery,
they do so at the risk that settlement and delivery may not occur. In addition, if the CSRC or other regulatory authorities later promulgate
new rules or explanations requiring that we obtain their approvals or accomplish the required filing or other regulatory procedures for
our prior offshore offerings, we may be unable to obtain a waiver of such approval requirements, if and when procedures are established
to obtain such a waiver. Any uncertainties or negative publicity regarding such approval requirement could materially and adversely affect
our business, prospects, financial condition, reputation, and the trading price of our common stock. 

4 

Since these statements
and regulatory actions by the PRC government are newly published and official guidance and related implementation rules have not been
issued, it is not highly uncertain how soon legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new
laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact
such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list
on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. The Standing Committee of the National People s Congress, or the SCNPC, or other PRC regulatory
authorities may in the future promulgate laws, regulations or implementing rules that requires our company or any of our subsidiaries
to obtain regulatory approval from Chinese authorities before future offerings in the U.S. In other words, although the Company is currently
not required to obtain permission from any of the PRC federal or local government to obtain such permission and has not received any denial
to list on the U.S. exchange, our operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly; our ability to offer, or continue to
offer, securities to investors would be potentially hindered and the value of our securities might significantly decline or be worthless,
by existing or future laws and regulations relating to its business or industry or by intervene or interruption by PRC governmental authorities,
if we or our subsidiaries (i) do not receive or maintain such permissions or approvals, (ii) inadvertently conclude that such permissions
or approvals are not required, (iii) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we are required to obtain such permissions
or approvals in the future, or (iv) any intervention or interruption by PRC governmental with little advance notice 

Summary of Risk Factors 

Investing in our common stock involves significant
risks. Below please find a summary of the principal risks we face, organized under relevant headings. These risks are discussed more fully
under Item 1A. Risk Factors beginning on page 27 of this annual report. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

Our business could be materially harmed by the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic (see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We face risks related to natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, health epidemics and other catastrophic incidents, which could significantly disrupt our operations. on page 32 of this annual report); 

Changes in the economic and credit environment could have an adverse effect on demand for our projects, which would in turn have a negative impact on our results of operations, our cash flows, our financial condition, our ability to borrow and our stock price (see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Changes in the economic and credit environment could have an adverse effect on demand for our projects, which would in turn have a negative impact on our results of operations, our cash flows, our financial condition, our ability to borrow and our stock price. on page 28 of this annual report); 

Changes in the growth of demand for or pricing of electricity could reduce demand for our waste energy recycling projects, which could materially harm our ability to grow our business (see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Changes in the growth of demand for or pricing of electricity could reduce demand for our waste energy recycling projects, which could materially harm our ability to grow our business on page 29 of this annual report); 

We operate in an emerging competitive industry and if we are unable to compete successfully our revenue and profitability will be adversely affected (see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We operate in an emerging competitive industry and if we are unable to compete successfully our revenue and profitability will be adversely affected on page 30 of this annual report); 

Risks Related to Doing Business in China (for
a more detailed discussion, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China on page 33 of
this annual report) 

We may rely on dividends paid by our subsidiaries for our cash needs. Any limitation on the ability of our subsidiaries to make dividend payments to us, or any tax implications of making dividend payments to us, could limit our ability to pay our parent company expenses or pay dividends to holders of our common stock (see Risk Factors We are a holding company, and will rely on dividends paid by our subsidiaries for our cash needs. Any limitation on the ability of our subsidiaries to make dividend payments to us, or any tax implications of making dividend payments to us, could limit our ability to pay our parent company expenses or pay dividends to holders of our common stock on page 33 of this annual report); 

5 

The Chinese government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we conduct our business activities and may intervene or influence our operations at any time with little advance notice, which could result in a material change in our operations and the value of our common stock (see Risk Factors The Chinese government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities and may intervene or influence our operations at any time with little advance notice, which could result in a material change in our operations and the value of our common stock on page 34 of this annual report); 

The M A Rules and certain other PRC regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign investors, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China (see Risk Factors The M A Rules and certain other PRC regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign investors, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China on page 38 of this annual report); 

China s legal system is evolving and has inherent uncertainties that could limit the legal protection available to you (see Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system could adversely affect us on page 43 of this annual report); 

We may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Chinese anti-corruption law (see Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China We may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Chinese anti-corruption law on page 41 of this annual report); 

The joint statement by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or the PCAOB, proposed rule changes submitted by Nasdaq and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act( HFCAA all call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors which are not inspected by the PCAOB. These developments could add uncertainties to the trading of our common stock (see Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China The recent joint statement by the SEC and PCAOB, proposed rule changes submitted by Nasdaq, and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act all call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors which are not inspected by the PCAOB. These developments could add uncertainties to the trading of our common stock on page 46 of this annual report); 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock (for
a more detailed discussion, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Common Stock on page 33 of this
annual report) 

The market price of our common stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance (see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Common Stock The market price for our common stock may be volatile on page 48 of this annual report); 

Transfers of Cash to and from Our Subsidiaries 

Smart Powerr Corp. is a holding company with no
operations of its own. We conduct our operations in China primarily through our subsidiaries in China. We may rely on dividends to be
paid by our subsidiaries in China to fund our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other
cash distributions to our shareholders, to service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating expenses. If our subsidiaries incur
debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions
to us. 

6 

Our equity structure is a direct holding company
structure. Within our direct holding company structure, the cross-border transfer of funds between our corporate entities is legal and
compliant with the laws and regulations of the PRC. After the foreign investors funds enter CREG, the funds can be directly transferred
to the PRC operating companies through its subsidiaries. Specifically, Smart Powerr Corp. is permitted under the Nevada laws to provide
funding to our subsidiary, Sifang Holdings, in Cayman Islands through loans or capital contributions without restrictions on the amount
of the funds, subject to satisfaction of applicable government registration, approval and filing requirements. Sifang Holdings is also
permitted under the laws of Cayman Islands to provide funding to Smart Powerr Corp. through dividend distribution without restrictions
on the amount of the funds. As of the date hereof, there have not been any transfers, dividends or distributions made between the
holding company, its subsidiaries, and to investors. 

We currently intend to retain all available funds
and future earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any dividends in
the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors
after considering our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual requirements, business prospects and
other factors the Board of Directors deems relevant, and subject to the restrictions contained in any future financing instruments. 

Subject to the Nevada Business Corporation Act
and our bylaws, our Board of Directors may authorize and declare a dividend to shareholders at such time and of such an amount as it thinks
fit if they are satisfied, on reasonable grounds, that immediately following the dividend the value of our assets will exceed our liabilities
and we will be able to pay our debts as they become due. 

To address persistent capital outflows and the
RMB s depreciation against the U.S. dollar in the fourth quarter of 2016, the People s Bank of China and the State Administration
of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, have implemented a series of capital control measures in the subsequent months, including stricter vetting
procedures for China-based companies to remit foreign currency for overseas acquisitions, dividend payments and shareholder loan repayments.
The PRC government may continue to strengthen its capital controls and our PRC subsidiaries dividends and other distributions may
be subject to tightened scrutiny in the future. The PRC government also imposes controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies
and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC. Therefore, we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures
necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency for the payment of dividends from our profits, if any. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries
in the PRC incur debt on their own in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make
other payments. If we or our subsidiaries are unable to receive all of the revenues from our operations, we may be unable to pay dividends
on our common stock. 

Cash dividends, if any, on our common stock will
be paid in U.S. dollars. If we are considered a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes, any dividends we pay to our overseas shareholders
may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result may be subject to PRC withholding tax at up to 10 . 

To pay dividends to our shareholders, we will
rely on payments made from our PRC subsidiaries, i.e., Shanghai Yinghua Financial Leasing Co., Ltd, Shanghai TCH Energy Technology Co.,
Ltd., Huahong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd., Xi an TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd., Erdos TCH Energy Saving Development Co., Ltd.,
Xi an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and Zhongxun Energy Investment (Beijing) Co., Ltd., to Smart Powerr Corp. As of
the date hereof, our PRC subsidiaries have not made any transfers or distributions. As of the date hereof, no cash or asset transfers
have occurred between the Company and its subsidiaries. We do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Furthermore,
as of the date hereof, no cash generated from one subsidiary is used to fund another subsidiary s operations and we do not anticipate
any difficulties or limitations on our ability to transfer cash between subsidiaries. We have also not installed any cash management policies
that dictate the amount of such funds and how such funds are transferred. 

7 

Implications of Holding Foreign Company Accountable
Act 

On March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final
rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements of the HFCAA. An identified issuer will be required
to comply with these rules if the SEC identifies it as having a non-inspection year under a process to be subsequently established
by the SEC. On June 22, 2021, U.S Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act, which was signed into law on December 29, 2022, amending the HFCAA and requiring the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities
from trading on any U.S. stock exchange if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three
consecutive years. If our auditor cannot be inspected by the PCAOB, PCAOB, for two consecutive years, the trading of our securities
on any U.S. national securities exchanges, as well as any over-the-counter trading in the U.S., will be prohibited. On September 22, 2021,
the PCAOB adopted a final rule implementing the HFCAA, which provides a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as contemplated
under the HFCAA, whether the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign
jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. On December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments
to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCA Act. The rules apply to registrants that the SEC
identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign
jurisdiction and that PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in foreign jurisdictions.
On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report on its determinations that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered
public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and in Hong Kong, because of positions taken by PRC authorities in those jurisdictions. 

Kreit Chiu CPA LLP Kreit 
Chiu, formerly Paris Kreit Chiu CPA LLP), the independent registered public account firm that issued the audit report for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included elsewhere in this annual report, as an auditor of companies that are traded
publicly in the U.S. and a firm registered with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the U.S pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular
inspections to assess such auditor s compliance with the applicable professional standards. Kreit Chiu is headquartered in
New York, New York, and is subject to inspection by the PCAOB on a regular basis. Therefore, we believe Kreit Chiu is not subject
to the determinations as to the inability to inspect or investigate registered firms completely announced by the PCAOB on December 16,
2021. However, as more stringent criteria have been imposed by the SEC and the PCAOB, recently, which would add uncertainties to future
offerings, and we cannot assure you whether Nasdaq or other regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria
to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel
and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements. On August
26, 2022, the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the Ministry of Finance of the PRC (the MOF ), and the PCAOB signed
a Statement of Protocol (the Protocol ), governing inspections and investigations of audit firms based in China and Hong
Kong. The Protocol remains unpublished and is subject to further explanation and implementation. Pursuant to the fact sheet with respect
to the Protocol disclosed by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), the PCAOB shall have independent discretion
to select any issuer audits for inspection or investigation and has the unfettered ability to transfer information to the SEC. See The
recent joint statement by the SEC and PCAOB, proposed rule changes submitted by Nasdaq, and the HFCAA all call for additional and more
stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S.
auditors which are not inspected by the PCAOB. These developments could add uncertainties to the trading of our common stock 
on page 46 of this annual report. 

PRC Regulatory Permissions 

We and our operating subsidiaries currently have
received all material permissions and approvals required for our operations in compliance with the relevant PRC laws and regulations in
the PRC, including the business licenses of our operating subsidiaries. 

8 

The business license is a permit issued by Administration
for Market Regulation that allows the company to conduct specific business within the government s geographical jurisdiction. Each
of our PRC subsidiaries has received its business license. As of the date hereof, except for the business licenses mentioned here, Smart
Powerr Corp. and our PRC subsidiaries are not required to obtain any other permissions or approvals from any Chinese authorities to operate
the business. However, applicable laws and regulations may be tightened, and new laws or regulations may be introduced to impose additional
government approval, license, and permit requirements. If we or our subsidiaries fail to obtain and maintain such approvals, licenses,
or permits required for our business, inadvertently conclude that such approval is not required, or respond to changes in the regulatory
environment, we or our subsidiaries could be subject to liabilities, penalties, and operational disruption, which may materially and adversely
affect our business, operating results, financial condition and the value of our common stock, significantly limit or completely hinder
our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, or cause such securities to significantly decline in value or become
worthless. 

On August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies
jointly adopted the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, which
came into effect on September 8, 2006 and were amended on June 22, 2009. The M A Rules require that an offshore special
purpose vehicle formed for overseas listing purposes and controlled directly or indirectly by PRC Citizens shall obtain the approval of
the China Securities Regulatory Commission( CSRC prior to overseas listing and trading of such special purpose vehicle s
securities on an overseas stock exchange. Based on our understanding of the Chinese laws and regulations in effect at the time of this
annual report, we will not be required to submit an application to the CSRC for its approval of future offerings and the trading of common
stock on the Nasdaq under the M A Rules. However, there remains some uncertainty as to how the M A Rules will be interpreted or
implemented, and the requirement standard may change when new laws, rules and regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations
in any form relating to the M A Rules are installed. We cannot assure you that relevant Chinese government agencies, including the
CSRC, would reach the same conclusion. 

Recently, the General Office of the Central Committee
of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on Illegal
Securities Activities, which were made available to the public on July 6, 2021. The Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on Illegal Securities
Activities emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities, and the need to strengthen the supervision
over overseas listings by Chinese companies. Pursuant to the Opinions, Chinese regulators are required to accelerate rulemaking related
to the overseas issuance and listing of securities, and update the existing laws and regulations related to data security, cross-border
data flow, and management of confidential information. Numerous regulations, guidelines and other measures are expected to be adopted
under the umbrella of or in addition to the Cybersecurity Law and Data Security Law. As of the date hereof, no official guidance or related
implementation rules have been issued. As a result, the Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities remain unclear
on how they will be interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant PRC governmental authorities. 

On December 28, 2021, the CAC and other relevant
PRC governmental authorities jointly promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures (the new Cybersecurity Review Measures which took effect on February 15, 2022 and replaced the original Cybersecurity Review Measures. Pursuant to the new Cybersecurity Review
Measures, if critical information infrastructure operators purchase network products and services, or network platform operators conduct
data processing activities that affect or may affect national security, they will be subject to cybersecurity review. A network platform
operator holding more than one million users/users individual information also shall be subject to cybersecurity review before
listing abroad. The cybersecurity review will evaluate, among others, the risk of critical information infrastructure, core data, important
data, or a large amount of personal information being influenced, controlled or maliciously used by foreign governments and risk of network
data security after going public overseas. 

9 

We believe that neither we nor our subsidiaries
are currently required to obtain permission from any of the PRC authorities to operate and issue our common stock to foreign investors,
or required to obtain permission or approval from the CSRC, CAC or any other governmental agency. Recently, however, the General Office
of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions
on Severely Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities According to Law, or the Opinions, which were made available
to the public on July 6, 2021. The Opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and
the need to strengthen the supervision over overseas listings by Chinese companies. Effective measures, such as promoting the construction
of relevant regulatory systems, will be taken to deal with the risks and incidents of China-concept overseas listed companies, cybersecurity,
data privacy protection requirements, and similar matters. The Opinions and any related implementing rules to be enacted may subject us
to compliance requirements in the future. Given the current regulatory environment in the PRC, we are still subject to the uncertainty
of different interpretation and enforcement of the rules and regulations in the PRC adverse to us, which may take place quickly with little
advance notice. See The Opinions recently issued by the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China
and the General Office of the State Council may subject us to additional compliance requirement in the future on page 46 of
this annual report. 

We believe we will not be subject to the Cybersecurity
Review Measures that became effective on February 15, 2022 under the CAC, because we currently do not have over one million users 
personal information and do not anticipate that we will be collecting over one million users personal information in the foreseeable
future, which we understand might check subject us to the Cybersecurity Review Measures. We are also not subject to network data security
review by the CAC if the Draft Regulations on the Network Data Security Administration are enacted as proposed, since we currently do
not have over one million users personal information and do not collect data that affects or may affect national security and we
do not anticipate that we will be collecting over one million users personal information or data that affects or may affect national
security in the foreseeable future, which we understand might otherwise subject us to the Security Administration Draft. 

Moreover, we believe
that no relevant laws or regulations in the PRC explicitly require us to seek approval from the CSRC for our overseas listing plan. As
of the date of this annual report, we and our PRC subsidiaries have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, or sanctions regarding
our planned overseas listing from the CSRC or any other PRC governmental authorities. However, on
February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated Trial Administrative Measures of the Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies
(the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five relevant guidelines, which became effective on March 31, 2023. 
According to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, PRC domestic companies that seek to offer and list securities in overseas markets, either
in direct or indirect means, are required to fulfill the filing procedure with the CSRC and report relevant information. The Overseas
Listing Trial Measures provides that an overseas listing or offering is explicitly prohibited, if any of the following: (1) such securities
offering and listing is explicitly prohibited by provisions in laws, administrative regulations and relevant state rules; (2) the intended
securities offering and listing may endanger national security as reviewed and determined by competent authorities under the State Council
in accordance with law; (3) the domestic company intending to make the securities offering and listing, or its controlling shareholder(s)
and the actual controller, have committed relevant crimes such as corruption, bribery, embezzlement, misappropriation of property or undermining
the order of the socialist market economy during the latest three years; (4) the domestic company intending to make the securities offering
and listing is currently under investigations for suspicion of criminal offenses or major violations of laws and regulations, and no conclusion
has yet been made thereof; or (5) there are material ownership disputes over equity held by the domestic company s controlling shareholder(s)
or by other shareholder(s) that are controlled by the controlling shareholder(s) and/or actual controller. 

The Overseas Listing
Trial Measures also provides that if the issuer meets both the following criteria, the overseas securities offering and listing conducted
by such issuer will be deemed as indirect overseas offering by PRC domestic companies: (1) 50 or more of any of the issuer s operating
revenue, total profit, total assets or net assets as documented in its audited consolidated financial statements for the most recent fiscal
year is accounted for by domestic companies; and (2) the issuer s main business activities are conducted in China, or its main place(s)
of business are located in China, or the majority of senior management staff in charge of its business operations and management are PRC
citizens or have their usual place(s) of residence located in China. Where an issuer submits an application for initial public offering
to competent overseas regulators, such issuer must file with the CSRC within three business days after such application is submitted.
In addition, the Overseas Listing Trial Measures provide that the direct or indirect overseas listings of the assets of domestic companies
through one or more acquisitions, share swaps, transfers or other transaction arrangements shall be subject to filing procedures in accordance
with the Overseas Listing Trial Measures. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures also requires subsequent reports to be filed with the CSRC
on material events, such as change of control or voluntary or forced delisting of the issuer(s) who have completed overseas offerings
and listings. 

10 

At a press conference
held for these new regulations Press Conference ), officials from the CSRC clarified that the domestic companies that have
already been listed overseas on or before March 31, 2023 shall be deemed as existing issuers (the Existing Issuers ). Existing
Issuers are not required to complete the filling procedures immediately, and they shall be required to file with the CSRC upon occurrences
of certain subsequent matters such as follow-on offerings of securities. According to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and the Press
Conference, the existing domestic companies that have completed overseas offering and listing before March 31, 2023, such as us, shall
not be required to perform filing procedures for the completed overseas securities issuance and listing. However, from the effective date
of the regulation, any of our subsequent securities offering in the same overseas market or subsequent securities offering and listing
in other overseas markets shall be subject to the filing requirement with the CSRC within three working days after the offering is completed
or after the relevant application is submitted to the relevant overseas authorities, respectively. If it is determined that any approval,
filing or other administrative procedures from other PRC governmental authorities is required for any future offering or listing, we cannot
assure you that we can obtain the required approval or accomplish the required filings or other regulatory procedures in a timely manner,
or at all. If we fail to fulfill filing procedure as stipulated by the Trial Measures or offer and list securities in an overseas market
in violation of the Trial Measures, the CSRC may order rectification, issue warnings to us, and impose a fine of between RMB1,000,000
and RMB10,000,000. Persons-in-charge and other persons that are directly liable for such failure shall be warned and each imposed a fine
from RMB500,000 to RMB5,000,000. Controlling shareholders and actual controlling persons of us that organize or instruct such violations
shall be imposed a fine from RMB1,000,000 and RMB10,000,000. 

On February 24,
2023, the CSRC published the Provisions on Strengthening the Confidentiality and Archives Administration Related to the Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing by Domestic Enterprises (the Provisions on Confidentiality and Archives Administration ), which came
into effect on March 31, 2023. The Provisions on Confidentiality and Archives Administration requires that, in the process of overseas
issuance and listing of securities by domestic entities, the domestic entities, and securities companies and securities service institutions
that provide relevant securities service shall strictly implement the provisions of relevant laws and regulations and the requirements
of these provisions, establish and improve rules on confidentiality and archives administration. Where the domestic entities provide
with or publicly disclose documents, materials or other items related to the state secrets and government work secrets to the relevant
securities companies, securities service institutions, overseas regulatory authorities, or other entities or individuals, the companies
shall apply for approval of competent departments with the authority of examination and approval in accordance with law and report the
matter to the secrecy administrative departments at the same level for record filing. Where there is unclear or controversial whether
or not the concerned materials are related to state secrets, the materials shall be reported to the relevant secrecy administrative departments
for determination. However, there remain uncertainties regarding the further interpretation and implementation of the Provisions on Confidentiality
and Archives Administration. 

As of the date of this
annual report, we and our PRC subsidiaries have obtained the requisite licenses and permits from
the PRC government authorities that are material for the business operations of our PRC subsidiaries. In addition, as of the date
of this annual report, we and our PRC subsidiaries are not required to obtain approval or permission
from the CSRC or the CAC or any other entity that is required to approve our PRC subsidiaries operations or required for us to
offer securities to foreign investors under any currently effective PRC laws, regulations, and regulatory rules. If it is determined
that we are subject to filing requirements imposed by the CSRC under the Overseas Listing Regulations or approvals from other PRC regulatory
authorities or other procedures, including the cybersecurity review under the revised Cybersecurity
Review Measures , for our future offshore offerings, it would be uncertain whether we can or how long it will take us to complete
such procedures or obtain such approval and any such approval could be rescinded. Any failure to obtain or delay in completing such procedures
or obtaining such approval for our offshore offerings, or a rescission of any such approval, if obtained by us, would subject us to sanctions
by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities for failure to file with the CSRC or failure to seek approval from other government authorization
for our offshore offerings. These regulatory authorities may impose fines and penalties on our operations in China, limit our ability
to pay dividends outside of China, limit our operating privileges in China, delay or restrict the repatriation of the proceeds from our
offshore offerings into China or take other actions that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations, and prospects, as well as the trading price of our common stock. The CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities also may
take actions requiring us, or making it advisable for us, to halt our offshore offerings before settlement and delivery of the securities
offered. Consequently, if investors engage in market trading or other activities in anticipation of and prior to settlement and delivery,
they do so at the risk that settlement and delivery may not occur. In addition, if the CSRC or other regulatory authorities later promulgate
new rules or explanations requiring that we obtain their approvals or accomplish the required filing or other regulatory procedures for
our prior offshore offerings, we may be unable to obtain a waiver of such approval requirements, if and when procedures are established
to obtain such a waiver. Any uncertainties or negative publicity regarding such approval requirement could materially and adversely affect
our business, prospects, financial condition, reputation, and the trading price of our common stock. 

11 

Since these statements
and regulatory actions by the PRC government are newly published and official guidance and related implementation rules have not been
issued, it is highly uncertain how soon legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws
or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact such
modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list on
an U.S. or other foreign exchange. The Standing Committee of the National People s Congress, or the SCNPC, or other PRC regulatory
authorities may in the future promulgate laws, regulations or implementing rules that requires our company or any of our subsidiaries
to obtain regulatory approval from Chinese authorities before future offerings in the U.S. In other words, although the Company is currently
not required to obtain permission from any of the PRC federal or local government to obtain such permission and has not received any denial
to list on the U.S. exchange, our operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly; our ability to offer, or continue to
offer, securities to investors would be potentially hindered and the value of our securities might significantly decline or be worthless,
by existing or future laws and regulations relating to its business or industry or by intervene or interruption by PRC governmental authorities,
if we or our subsidiaries (i) do not receive or maintain such permissions or approvals, (ii) inadvertently conclude that such permissions
or approvals are not required, (iii) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we are required to obtain such permissions
or approvals in the future, or (iv) any intervention or interruption by PRC governmental with little advance notice. 

For more details, see Risk Factors 
Risks Related to Doing Business in China The Chinese government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we must
conduct our business activities. We are currently not required to obtain approval from Chinese authorities to list on U.S exchanges, however,
if our subsidiaries or the holding company were required to obtain approval or filing in the future and were denied permission from Chinese
authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, we will not be able to continue listing on U.S. exchange, which would materially affect the interest
of the investors on page 34 of this annual report. 

As of the date hereof, we and our PRC subsidiaries
have received from PRC authorities all requisite licenses, permissions or approvals needed to engage in the businesses currently
conducted in China, and no permission or approval has been denied. The following table provides details on the licenses and permissions
held by our PRC subsidiaries. 

Approval 
 
 Recipient 
 
 Issuing body 
 
 Validity 
 
 Business License 
 
 Shanghai Yinghua Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. 
 
 China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone Market Supervision Administration 
 
 May 10, 2045 
 
 Business License 
 
 Shanghai TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd. 
 
 China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone Market Supervision Administration 
 
 May 24, 2029 
 
 Business License 
 
 Huahong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. 
 
 Shaanxi Provincial Industry and Commerce Administration 
 
 Indefinite 
 
 Business License 
 
 Xi an TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd. 
 
 Xi an Market Supervision Administration 
 
 Indefinite 
 
 Business License 
 
 Erdos TCH Energy Saving Development Co., Ltd. 
 
 Market Supervision administration of Etok Banner 
 
 April 13, 2029 
 
 Business License 
 
 Xi an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. 
 
 Xi an Industry and Commerce Administration 
 
 Indefinite 
 
 Business License 
 
 Zhongxun Energy Investment (Beijing) Co., Ltd 
 
 Dongcheng Branch of Beijing Industry and Commerce Administration 
 
 March 23, 2044 
 
 Business License 
 
 Beijing Hongyuan Recycling Energy Investment Center 
 
 Beijing Haidian District Market Supervision Administration 
 
 July 17, 2063 

12 

Our Projects 

We design, finance, construct, operate and eventually
transfer waste energy recycling projects to meet the energy saving and recovery needs of our customers. Our waste energy recycling projects
use the pressure, heat or gas, which is generated as a byproduct of a variety of industrial processes, to create electricity. The residual
energy from industrial processes, which was traditionally wasted, may be captured in a recovery process and utilized by our waste energy
recycling projects to generate electricity burning additional fuel and additional emissions. Among a wide variety of waste-to-energy technologies
and solutions, we primarily focus on waste pressure to energy systems, waste heat to energy systems and waste gas power generation systems.
We do not manufacture the equipment and materials that are used in the construction of our waste energy recycling projects. Rather, we
incorporate standard power generating equipment into a fully integrated onsite project for our customers. 

Waste Heat to Energy Systems 

Waste heat to energy systems utilize waste heat
generated in industrial production to generate electricity. The waste heat is trapped to heat a boiler to create steam and power a steam
turbine. Our waste heat to energy systems have used waste heat from cement production and from metal production. 

Shanghai TCH and its Subsidiaries 

Shanghai TCH was established as a foreign investment
enterprise in Shanghai under the laws of the PRC on May 25, 2004 and has a registered capital of 29.80 million. Xi an TCH was incorporated
in Xi an, Shaanxi Province under the laws of the PRC on November 8, 2007. In February 2009, Huahong was incorporated in Xi an,
Shaanxi province. Erdos TCH was incorporated in April 2009 in Erdos, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. On July 19, 2013, Xi an TCH
formed Xi an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd Zhonghong ). Xi an TCH owns 90 and Shanghai TCH owns
10 of Zhonghong, which provides energy saving solutions and services, including constructing, selling and leasing energy saving systems
and equipment to customers. 

Erdos TCH Joint Venture 

On April 14, 2009, the Company formed Erdos TCH
as a joint venture (the JV or Erdos TCH with Erdos Metallurgy Co., Ltd. Erdos to recycle
waste heat from Erdos metal refining plants to generate power and steam to be sold back to Erdos. The JV has a term of 20 years
with a total investment for the project estimated at 79 million (RMB 500 million) and an initial investment of 17.55 million (RMB 120
million). Erdos contributed 7 of the total investment for the project, and Xi an TCH contributed 93 . According to Xi an
TCH and Erdos agreement on profit distribution, Xi an TCH and Erdos will receive 80 and 20 , respectively, of the profit
from the JV until Xi an TCH receives the complete return of its investment. Xi an TCH and Erdos will then receive 60 and
40 , respectively, of the profit from the JV. On June 15, 2013, Xi an TCH and Erdos entered into a share transfer agreement, pursuant
to which Erdos transferred and sold its 7 ownership interest in the JV to Xi an TCH for 1.29 million (RMB 8 million), plus certain
accumulated profits as described below. Xi an TCH paid the 1.29 million in July 2013 and, as a result, became the sole stockholder
of Erdos TCH. In addition, Xi an TCH is required to pay Erdos accumulated profits from inception up to June 30, 2013 in accordance
with the supplementary agreement entered on August 6, 2013. In August 2013, Xi an TCH paid 20 of the accumulated profit (calculated
under PRC GAAP) of 226,000 to Erdos. Erdos TCH currently has two power generation systems in Phase I with a total of 18 MW power capacity,
and three power generation systems in Phase II with a total of 27 MW power capacity. The power generation systems were built in 2009,
and it is now 13 years old. The equipment is obsolete and the efficiency of the power generation systems is declining year by year. The
current power generation efficiency can only reach 30 , and the equipment needs to be upgraded. The Erdos government has requested the
Erdos to carry out a comprehensive technical upgrade of its ferrosilicon production line to meet the city s energy-saving targets. 
Erdos is researching the technical rectification scheme. After the scheme is determined, the Company will carry out supporting technical
transformation for our waste heat power station project. Before it goes into production, the Company is still entitled to a
compensation of RMB 1 million per month. 

13 

After considering the challenging economic conditions
facing Erdos, and to maintain the long-term cooperative relationship between the parties, which we believe will continue to produce long-term
benefits, on April 28, 2016, Erdos TCH and Erdos entered into a supplemental agreement, effective May 1, 2016. Under the supplemental
agreement, Erdos TCH cancelled monthly minimum lease payments from Erdos, and agreed to charge Erdos based on actual electricity sold
at RMB 0.30 / KWH, which such price will be adjusted annually based on prevailing market conditions. 

The Company evaluated the modified terms for payments
based on actual electricity sold as minimum lease payments as defined in ASC 840-10-25-4, since lease payments that depend on a factor
directly related to the future use of the leased property are contingent rentals and, accordingly, are excluded from minimum lease payments
in their entirety. The Company wrote off the net investment receivables of these leases at the lease modification date. 

Pucheng Biomass Power Generation Projects 

On June 29, 2010, Xi an TCH entered into
a Biomass Power Generation BMPG Project Lease Agreement with PuchengXinHeng Yuan Biomass Power Generation Co., Ltd. Pucheng ),
a limited liability company incorporated in China. Under this lease agreement, Xi an TCH leased a set of 12MW BMPG systems to Pucheng
at a minimum of 279,400 (RMB 1,900,000) per month for a term of 15 years. Pucheng Phase I ). 

On September 11, 2013, Xi an TCH entered
into a BMPG Asset Transfer Agreement (the Pucheng Transfer Agreement with Pucheng Xin Heng Yuan Biomass Power Generation
Corporation Pucheng ), a limited liability company incorporated in China. The Pucheng Transfer Agreement provided for the
sale by Pucheng to Xi an TCH of a set of 12 MW BMPG systems with the completion of system transformation for a purchase price of
RMB 100 million 16.48 million) in the form of 8,766,547 shares of common stock of the Company at 1.87 per share (the share and per
share numbers were not adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split). Also on September 11, 2013, Xi an TCH also entered into a BMPG Project
Lease Agreement with Pucheng (the Pucheng Lease ). Under the Pucheng Lease, Xi an TCH leases this same set of 12 MW
BMPG system to Pucheng, and combines this lease with the lease for the 12 MW BMPG station of Pucheng Phase I project, under a single lease
to Pucheng for RMB 3.8 million 0.63 million) per month (the Pucheng Phase II Project ). The term for the consolidated lease
is from September 2013 to June 2025. The lease agreement for the 12 MW station from Pucheng Phase I project terminated upon the effective
date of the Pucheng Lease. The ownership of two 12 MW BMPG systems will transfer to Pucheng at no additional charge when the Pucheng Lease
expires. 

Shenqiu Yuneng Biomass Power Generation Projects 

On May 25, 2011, Xi an TCH entered into
a Letter of Intent with Shenqiu YuNeng Thermal Power Co., Ltd. Shenqiu to reconstruct and transform a Thermal Power Generation
System owned by Shenqiu into a 75T/H BMPG System for 3.57 million (RMB 22.5 million). The project commenced in June 2011 and was completed
in the third quarter of 2011. On September 28, 2011, Xi an TCH entered into a Biomass Power Generation Asset Transfer Agreement
with Shenqiu (the Shenqiu Transfer Agreement ). Pursuant to the Shenqiu Transfer Agreement, Shenqiu sold Xi an TCH
a set of 12 MW BMPG systems (after Xi an TCH converted the system for BMPG purposes). As consideration for the BMPG systems, Xi an
TCH paid Shenqiu 10.94 million (RMB 70 million) in cash in three installments within six months upon the transfer of ownership of the
systems. By the end of 2012, all the consideration was paid. On September 28, 2011, Xi an TCH and Shenqiu also entered into a Biomass
Power Generation Project Lease Agreement (the 2011 Shenqiu Lease ). Under the 2011 Shenqiu Lease, Xi an TCH agreed
to lease a set of 12 MW BMPG systems to Shenqiu at a monthly rental rate of 286,000 (RMB 1.8 million) for 11 years. Upon expiration of
the 2011 Shenqiu Lease, ownership of this system will transfer from Xi an TCH to Shenqiu at no additional cost. In connection with
the 2011 Shenqiu Lease, Shenqiu paid one month s rent as a security deposit to Xi an TCH, in addition to providing personal
guarantees. 

On October 8, 2012, Xi an TCH entered into
a Letter of Intent for technical reformation of Shenqiu Project Phase II with Shenqiu for technical reformation to enlarge the capacity
of the Shenqiu Project Phase I (the Shenqiu Phase II Project ). The technical reformation involved the construction of another
12 MW BMPG system. After the reformation, the generation capacity of the power plant increased to 24 MW. The project commenced on October
25, 2012 and was completed during the first quarter of 2013. The total cost of the project was 11.1 million (RMB 68 million). On March
30, 2013, Xi an TCH and Shenqiu entered into a BMPG Project Lease Agreement (the 2013 Shenqiu Lease ). Under the 2013
Shenqiu Lease, Xi an TCH agreed to lease the second set of 12 MW BMPG systems to Shenqiu for 239,000 (RMB 1.5 million) per month
for 9.5 years. When the 2013 Shenqiu Lease expires, ownership of this system will transfer from Xi an TCH to Shenqiu at no additional
cost. 

14 

On January 4, 2019, Xi an Zhonghong, Xi an
TCH, and Mr. Chonggong Bai, a resident of China, entered into a Projects Transfer Agreement (the Agreement ), pursuant to
which Xi an TCH transferred two Biomass Power Generation Projects in Shenqiu Shenqiu Phase I and II Projects to
Mr. Bai for RMB 127,066,000 18.55 million). Mr. Bai agreed to transfer all the equity shares of his wholly owned company, Xi an
Hanneng Enterprises Management Consulting Co. Ltd. Xi an Hanneng to Beijing Hongyuan Recycling Energy Investment
Center, LLP (the HYREF as repayment for the loan made by Xi an Zhonghong to HYREE as consideration for the transfer
of the Shenqiu Phase I and II Projects (See Note 10). The transfer was completed on February 15, 2019. 

Yida Coke Oven Gas Power Generation Projects 

On June 28, 2014, Xi an TCH entered into
an Asset Transfer Agreement (the Transfer Agreement with Qitaihe City Boli Yida Coal Selection Co., Ltd. Yida ),
a limited liability company incorporated in China. The Transfer Agreement provided for the sale to Xi an TCH of a 15 MW coke oven
WGPG station, which was converted from a 15 MW coal gangue power generation station from Yida. As consideration for the Transfer Asset,
Xi an TCH paid Yida RMB 115 million 18.69 million) in common stock of the Company at the average closing price per share of the
Stock for the 10 trading days prior to the closing date of the transaction. The exchange rate between US Dollar and Chinese RMB in connection
with the stock issuance was the rate equal to the middle rate published by the PBOC on the closing date of the assets transfer. 

On June 28, 2014, Xi an TCH also entered
into a Coke Oven Gas Power Generation Project Lease Agreement (the Lease Agreement with Yida. Under the Lease Agreement,
Xi an TCH leased the Transfer Asset to Yida for RMB 3 million 0.49 million) per month, from June 28, 2014 to June 27, 2029. Yida
will also provide an RMB 3 million 0.49 million) security deposit (without interest) for the lease. Xi an TCH will transfer the
Transfer Asset back to Yida at no cost at the end of the lease. 

The Fund Management Company and the HYREF Fund 

On June 25, 2013, Xi an TCH and Hongyuan
Huifu Venture Capital Co. Ltd Hongyuan Huifu jointly established Hongyuan Recycling Energy Investment Management Beijing
Co., Ltd (the Fund Management Company with registered capital of RMB 10 million 1.45 million). With respect to the Fund
Management Company, voting rights and dividend rights are allocated 80 and 20 between Hongyuan Huifu and Xi an TCH, respectively. 

The Fund Management Company is the general partner
of Beijing Hongyuan Recycling Energy Investment Center, LLP (the HYREF Fund ), a limited liability partnership established
July 18, 2013 in Beijing. The Fund Management Company made an initial capital contribution of RMB 5 million 830,000) to the HYREF Fund.
An initial amount of RMB 460 million 77 million) was fully subscribed by all partners for the HYREF Fund. The HYREF Fund has three limited
partners: (1) China Orient Asset Management Co., Ltd., which made an initial capital contribution of RMB 280 million 46.67 million)
to the HYREF Fund and is a preferred limited partner; (2) Hongyuan Huifu, which made an initial capital contribution of RMB 100 million 16.67 million) to the HYREF Fund and is an ordinary limited partner; and (3) the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Xi an
TCH, which made an initial capital contribution of RMB 75 million 11.6 million) to the HYREF Fund and is a secondary limited partner.
The term of the HYREF Fund s partnership is six years from the date of its establishment, expiring on July 18, 2019. The term is
four years from the date of contribution for the preferred limited partner, and four years from the date of contribution for the ordinary
limited partner. The size of the HYREF Fund is RMB 460 million 76.66 million). The HYREF Fund was formed for the purpose of investing
in Xi an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd., a then 90 owned subsidiary of Xi an TCH, for the construction of two
coke dry quenching CDQ waste heat power generation WHPG stations with Jiangsu Tianyu Energy and Chemical
Group Co., Ltd. Tianyu and one CDQ WHPG station with Boxing County Chengli Gas Supply Co., Ltd. Chengli ).
On December 2018, Xi an TCH transferred its 40 ownership of the Fund Management Company to Hongyuan Huifu, pursuant to an equity
transfer agreement signed by both sides. 

15 

Chengli Waste Heat Power Generation Projects 

On July 19, 2013, Xi an TCH formed a new
company, Xi an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. Zhonghong ), with registered capital of RMB
30 million 4.85 million). Xi an TCH paid RMB 27 million 4.37 million) and owns 90 of Zhonghong. Zhonghong is engaged to provide
energy saving solution and services, including constructing, selling and leasing energy saving systems and equipment to customers. On
December 29, 2018, Shanghai TCH entered into a Share Transfer Agreement with HYREF, pursuant to which HYREF transferred its 10 ownership
in Xi an Zhonghong to Shanghai TCH for RMB 3 million 0.44 million). The transfer was completed on January 22, 2019. The Company
owns 100 of Xi an Zhonghong after the transaction. 

On July 24, 2013, Zhonghong entered into a Cooperative
Agreement of CDQ and CDQ WHPG Project (Coke Dry Quenching Waste Heat Power Generation Project) with Boxing County Chengli Gas Supply Co.,
Ltd. Chengli ). The parties entered into a supplement agreement on July 26, 2013. Pursuant to these agreements, Zhonghong
will design, build and maintain a 25 MW CDQ system and a CDQ WHPG system to supply power to Chengli, and Chengli will pay energy saving
fees (the Chengli Project ). 

On December 29, 2018, Xi an Zhonghong, Xi an
TCH, HYREF, Guohua Ku, and Mr. Chonggong Bai entered into a CDQ WHPG Station Fixed Assets Transfer Agreement, pursuant to which Xi an
Zhonghong transferred Chengli CDQ WHPG station as the repayment for the loan of RMB 188,639,400 27.54 million) to HYREF. Xi an
Zhonghong, Xi an TCH, Guohua Ku and Chonggong Bai also agreed to buy back the CDQ WHPG Station when conditions under the Buy Back
Agreement are met (see Note 9). The transfer of the Station was completed January 22, 2019, the Company recorded 624,133 loss from this
transfer. Since the original terms of Buy Back Agreement are still valid, and the Buy Back possibility could occur; therefore, the loan
principal and interest and the corresponding asset of Chengli CDQ WHPG station cannot be derecognized due to the existence of Buy Back
clauses (see Note 5 for detail). 

Tianyu Waste Heat Power Generation Project 

On July 19, 2013, Zhonghong entered into a Cooperative
Agreement (the Tianyu Agreement for Energy Management of CDQ and CDQ WHPG Projects with Jiangsu Tianyu Energy and Chemical
Group Co., Ltd. Tianyu ). Pursuant to the Tianyu Agreement, Zhonghong will design, build, operate and maintain two sets
of 25 MW CDQ systems and CDQ WHPG systems for two subsidiaries of Tianyu Xuzhou Tian an Chemical Co., Ltd. Xuzhou
Tian an and Xuzhou Huayu Coking Co., Ltd. Xuzhou Huayu to be located at Xuzhou Tian an and
Xuzhou Huayu s respective locations (the Tianyu Project ). Upon completion of the Tianyu Project, Zhonghong will charge
Tianyu an energy saving fee of RMB 0.534 0.087) per kilowatt hour (excluding tax). The term of the Tianyu Agreement is 20 years. The
construction of the Xuzhou Tian an Project was completed by the second quarter of 2020. The Xuzhou Huayu Project has been on hold
due to a conflict between Xuzhou Huayu Coking Co., Ltd. and local residents on certain pollution-related issues. 

On January 4, 2019, Xi an Zhonghong, Xi an
TCH, and Mr. Chonggong Bai entered into a Projects Transfer Agreement (the Agreement ), pursuant to which Xi an Zhonghong
transferred a CDQ WHPG station (under construction) located in Xuzhou City for Xuzhou Huayu Coking Co., Ltd. Xuzhou Huayu Project to Mr. Bai for RMB 120,000,000 17.52 million). Mr. Bai agreed that as consideration for the transfer of the Xuzhou Huayu Project to
him (Note 9), he would transfer all the equity shares of his wholly owned company, Xi an Hanneng, to HYREF as repayment for the
loan made by Xi an Zhonghong to HYREF. The transfer of the project was completed on February 15, 2019. The Company recorded 397,033
loss from this transfer during the year ended December 31, 2019. On January 10, 2019, Mr. Chonggong Bai transferred all the equity
shares of his wholly owned company, Xi an Hanneng, to HYREF as repayment for the loan. Xi an Hanneng was expected to own 47,150,000
shares of Xi an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd for the repayment of Huayu system and Shenqiu system. As of September 30, 2019, Xi an
Hanneng already owned 29,948,000 shares of Huaxin, but was not able to obtain the remaining 17,202,000 shares due to halted trading of
Huaxin stock by NEEQ for not filing its 2018 annual report. On December 20, 2019, Mr. Bai and all the related parties agreed to have Mr.
Bai instead pay in cash for the transfer price of Huayu (see Note 9 for detail). 

On January 10, 2020, Zhonghong, Tianyu and Huaxin
signed a transfer agreement to transfer all assets under construction and related rights and interests of Xuzhou Tian an Project
to Tianyu for RMB 170 million including VAT 24.37 million) in three installment payments. The 1st installment payment of RMB 50 million 7.17 million) to be paid within 20 working days after the contract is signed. The 2nd installment payment of RMB 50 million 7.34 million)
was to be paid within 20 working days after completion of the project construction but no later than July 31, 2020. The final installment
payment of RMB 70 million 10.28 million) was to be paid before December 31, 2020. In December, 2020, the Company received payment in
full for Tian an Project. 

16 

Zhongtai Waste Heat Power Generation Energy
Management Cooperative Agreement 

On December 6, 2013, Xi an TCH entered into
a CDQ and WHPG Energy Management Cooperative Agreement (the Zhongtai Agreement with Xuzhou Zhongtai Energy Technology Co.,
Ltd. Zhongtai ), a limited liability company incorporated in Jiangsu Province, China. 

Pursuant to the Zhongtai Agreement, Xi an
TCH was to design, build and maintain a 150 ton per hour CDQ system and a 25 MW CDQ WHPG system and sell the power to Zhongtai, and Xi an
TCH is also to build a furnace to generate steam from the smoke pipeline s waste heat and sell the steam to Zhongtai. 

The construction period of the Project was expected
to be 18 months from the date when conditions are ready for construction to begin. Zhongtai is to start to pay an energy saving service
fee from the date when the WHPG station passes the required 72-hour test run. The payment term is 20 years. For the first 10 years, Zhongtai
shall pay an energy saving fee at RMB 0.534 0.089) per kilowatt hour (KWH) (including value added tax) for the power generated from
the system. For the second 10 years, Zhongtai shall pay an energy saving fee at RMB 0.402 0.067) per KWH (including value added tax).
During the term of the contract the energy saving fee shall be adjusted at the same percentage as the change of local grid electricity
price. Zhongtai shall also pay an energy saving fee for the steam supplied by Xi an TCH at RMB 100 16.67) per ton (including value
added tax). Zhongtai and its parent company will provide guarantees to ensure Zhongtai will fulfill its obligations under the Agreement.
Upon the completion of the term, Xi an TCH will transfer the systems to Zhongtai for RMB 1 0.16). Zhongtai shall provide waste
heat to the systems for no less than 8,000 hours per year and waste gas volume no less than 150,000 Normal Meter Cubed (Nm3) per hour,
with a temperature no less than 950 C. If these requirements are not met, the term of the Agreement will be extended accordingly.
If Zhongtai wants to terminate the Zhongtai Agreement early, it shall provide Xi an TCH with a 60 day notice and pay the termination
fee and compensation for the damages to Xi an TCH according to the following formula: (1) if it is less than five years into the
term when Zhongtai requests termination, Zhongtai shall pay: Xi an TCH s total investment amount plus Xi an TCH s
annual investment return times five years minus the years in which the system has already operated; or 2) if it is more than five years
into the term when Zhongtai requests the termination, Zhongtai shall pay: Xi an TCH s total investment amount minus total
amortization cost (the amortization period is 10 years). 

In March 2016, Xi an TCH entered into a
Transfer Agreement of CDQ and a CDQ WHPG system with Zhongtai and Xi an Huaxin (the Transfer Agreement ). Under the
Transfer Agreement, Xi an TCH agreed to transfer to Zhongtai all of the assets associated with the CDQ Waste Heat Power Generation
Project (the Project ), which is under construction pursuant to the Zhongtai Agreement. Additionally, Xi an TCH agreed
to transfer to Zhongtai the Engineering, Procurement and Construction EPC Contract for the CDQ Waste Heat Power Generation
Project which Xi an TCH had entered into with Xi an Huaxin in connection with the Project. Xi an Huaxin will continue
to construct and complete the Project and Xi an TCH agreed to transfer all its rights and obligations under the EPC Contract to
Zhongtai. As consideration for the transfer of the Project, Zhongtai agreed to pay to Xi an TCH RMB 167,360,000 25.77 million)
including (i) RMB 152,360,000 23.46 million) for the construction of the Project; and (ii) RMB 15,000,000 2.31 million) as payment
for partial loan interest accrued during the construction period. Those amounts have been, or will be, paid by Zhongtai to Xi an
TCH according to the following schedule: (a) RMB 50,000,000 7.70 million) was to be paid within 20 business days after the Transfer
Agreement was signed; (b) RMB 30,000,000 4.32 million) was to be paid within 20 business days after the Project was completed, but no
later than July 30, 2016; and (c) RMB 87,360,000 13.45 million) was to be paid no later than July 30, 2017. Xuzhou Taifa Special Steel
Technology Co., Ltd. Xuzhou Taifa guaranteed the payments from Zhongtai to Xi an TCH. The ownership of the Project
was conditionally transferred to Zhongtai following the initial payment of RMB 50,000,000 7.70 million) by Zhongtai to Xi an TCH
and the full ownership of the Project will be officially transferred to Zhongtai after it completes all payments pursuant to the Transfer
Agreement. The Company recorded a 2.82 million loss from this transaction in 2016. In 2016, Xi an TCH had received the first payment
of 7.70 million and the second payment of 4.32 million. However, the Company received a repayment commitment letter from Zhongtai on
February 23, 2018, in which Zhongtai committed to pay the remaining payment of RMB 87,360,000 13.45 million) no later than the end of
July 2018; in July 2018, Zhongtai and the Company reached a further oral agreement to extend the repayment term of RMB 87,360,000 13.45
million) by another two to three months. In January 2020, Zhongtai paid RMB 10 million 1.41 million); in March 2020, Zhongtai paid RMB
20 million 2.82 million); in June 2020, Zhongtai paid RMB 10 million 1.41 million); and in December 2020, Zhongtai paid RMB 30 million 4.28 million), which was payment in full. Accordingly, the Company reversed bad debt expense of 5.80 million which was recorded earlier. 

17 

Formation of Zhongxun 

On March 24, 2014, Xi an TCH incorporated
a new subsidiary, Zhongxun Energy Investment (Beijing) Co., Ltd Zhongxun with registered capital of 5,695,502 (RMB 35,000,000),
to be paid no later than October 1, 2028. Zhongxun is 100 owned by Xi an TCH and is mainly engaged in project investment, investment
management, economic information consulting, and technical services. Zhongxun has not yet commenced operations as of the date of this
report. 

Formation of Yinghua 

On February 11, 2015, the Company incorporated
a new subsidiary, Shanghai Yinghua Financial Leasing Co., Ltd Yinghua with registered capital of 30,000,000, to be paid
within 10 years from the date the business license is issued. Yinghua is 100 owned by the Company and is mainly engaged in financial
leasing, purchase of financial leasing assets, disposal and repair of financial leasing assets, consulting and ensuring of financial leasing
transactions, and related factoring business. Yinghua has not yet commenced operations as of the date of this report. 

Summary of Sales-Type Lease at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2021, Xi an TCH had the
following sales-type leases: BMPG systems to Pucheng Phase I and II (15 and 11-year terms, respectively). On February 15, 2019, Xi an
TCH transferred the Shenqiu Phase I and II Projects to Mr. Chonggong Bai. These agreements have ended. 

Asset Repurchase Agreement 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company entered into or completed the following Asset Repurchase Agreements: 

On November 16, 2015, Xi an TCH entered
into a Transfer Agreement of CDQ and a CDQ WHPG system with Rongfeng and Xi an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd., a limited liability
company incorporated in China Xi an Huaxin ). The Transfer Agreement provided for the sale to Rongfeng of the CDQ
Waste Heat Power Generation Project (the Project from Xi an TCH. Additionally, Xi an TCH agreed to transfer
to Rongfeng the Engineering, Procurement and Construction EPC Contract for the CDQ Waste Heat Power Generation Project
which Xi an TCH had entered into with Xi an Huaxin in connection with the Project. As consideration for the transfer of the
Project, Rongfeng will pay to Xi an TCH RMB 165,200,000 25.45 million), whereby (a) RMB 65,200,000 10.05 million) will be paid
by Rongfeng to Xi an TCH within 20 business days after the Transfer Agreement is signed, (b) RMB 50,000,000 7.70 million) will
be paid by Rongfeng to Xi an TCH within 20 business days after the Project is completed, but no later than March 31, 2016 and (c)
RMB 50,000,000 7.70 million) will be paid by Rongfeng to Xi an TCH no later than September 30, 2016. Mr. Cheng Li, the largest
stockholder of Rongfeng, has personally guaranteed the payments. The ownership of the Project was conditionally transferred to Rongfeng
within 3 business days following the initial payment of RMB 65,200,000 10.05 million) by Rongfeng to Xi an TCH and the full ownership
of the Project has been officially transferred to Rongfeng after it completes the entire payment pursuant to the Transfer Agreement. The
Company recorded a 3.78 million loss from this transaction in 2015. The Company received full payment of 25.45 million in 2016. 

In March 2016, Xi an TCH entered into a
Transfer Agreement of CDQ and a CDQ WHPG system with Zhongtai and Xi an Huaxin (the Transfer Agreement ). Under the
Transfer Agreement, Xi an TCH agreed to transfer to Zhongtai all of the assets associated with the CDQ Waste Heat Power Generation
Project (the Project ), which is under construction pursuant to the Zhongtai Agreement. Xi an Huaxin will continue
to construct and complete the Project and Xi an TCH agreed to transfer all its rights and obligation under the EPC 
Contract to Zhongtai. As consideration for the transfer of the Project, Zhongtai agreed to pay to Xi an TCH RMB 167,360,000 25.77
million) including payments of: (i) RMB 152,360,000 23.46 million) for the construction of the Project; and (ii) RMB 15,000,000 2.31
million) as payment for partial loan interest accrued during the construction period. Those amounts have been, or will be, paid by Zhongtai
to Xi an TCH according to the following schedule: (a) RMB 50,000,000 7.70 million) was paid within 20 business days after the
Transfer Agreement was signed; (b) RMB 30,000,000 4.32 million) will be paid within 20 business days after the Project is completed,
but no later than July 30, 2016; and (c) RMB 87,360,000 13.45 million) will be paid no later than July 30, 2017. Xuzhou Taifa Special
Steel Technology Co., Ltd. Xuzhou Taifa has guaranteed the payments from Zhongtai to Xi an TCH. The ownership of
the Project was conditionally transferred to Zhongtai following the initial payment of RMB 50,000,000 7.70 million) by Zhongtai to Xi an
TCH and the full ownership of the Project will be officially transferred to Zhongtai after it completes all payments pursuant to the Transfer
Agreement. Xi an TCH received the first payment of 7.70 million and the second payment of 4.32 million in 2016. The Company recorded
a 2.82 million loss from this transaction. In January 2020, Zhongtai paid RMB 10 million 1.41 million); in March 2020, Zhongtai paid
RMB 20 million 2.82 million); in June 2020, Zhongtai paid RMB 10 million 1.41 million); in December 2020, Zhongtai paid RMB 30 million 4.62 million.). The Company received full payment of 25.77 million in 2020. 

18 

On December 22, 2020, Shanghai TCH entered into
an Equity Acquisition Agreement with Xi an Taiying Energy Saving Technology Co., Ltd., a PRC company Xi an Taiying and its three shareholders to purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of Xi an Taiying. The purchase price for
said shares shall consist of (i) 619,525 shares of common stock at 4.37 per share, (ii) 60,000,000 shares of Series A convertible stock
and (iii) a cash payment of RMB 1,617,867,026 247 million at a conversion rate of 1:6.55). The shares shall be issued within 15 business
days after approval by the Board of Directors and/or shareholders of the Company and Nasdaq approval and the cash shall be paid in three
tranches RMB 390 million 59.5 million) within 10 days after the agreement is executed, RMB 300 million 45.8 million) by March
31, 2021 and RMB 927,867,026 141.7 million) within 10 days after the shares of Xi an Taiying are registered to Buyer. The parties
agreed to terminate this agreement of the end of June 2022. 

Industry and Market Overview 

Overview of Waste-to-Energy Industry 

The waste energy recycling industry concentrates
mostly on power-intensive manufacturing and production processes, such as iron, steel and nonferrous metal production, cement production,
and coal and petrochemical plants. Our waste energy recycling projects allow customers to recapture previously wasted pressure, heat,
and gas from their manufacturing and production processes and use this waste to generate electricity. Waste energy recycling projects
are installed at a customer s facility and the electricity produced can be used on-site to lower energy costs and create a more
efficient production process. The industry verticals at the vanguard of this trend are metallurgical production (including iron 
steel), cement, coal mining, coke production and petrochemicals. 

The industry also includes the conversion of biomass
to electricity. For thousands of years, biomass, biological material derived from living organisms like plants and their byproducts, was
burned to produce heat so as to convert it to energy. A number of non- combustion methods are now available to convert raw biomass into
a variety of gaseous, liquid, or solid fuels that can be used directly in a power plant to generate electricity. 

Waste-to-Energy Industry Growth 

China has experienced rapid economic growth and
industrialization in recent years, increasing the demand for electricity. In the PRC, growth in energy consumption has exceeded growth
in gross domestic product, causing a shortage of electricity with blackouts and brownouts over much of the country. Much of the energy
demand has been due to the expansion of energy intensive industrial sectors such as steel, cement, and chemicals. China s increasing
modernization and industrialization has made it the world s largest consumer of energy. 

One result of this massive increase in electric
generation capacity has been the rise of harmful emissions. China has surpassed the United States to become the world s largest
emitter of greenhouse gases, and the country faces enormous challenges from the pollution brought about by its consumption of conventional
energy. On September 12, 2013, the State Council released the Action Plan for Air Pollution Prevention and Control. The action plan proposed
that in five years, China will witness the overall improvement of air quality and dramatic drop of seriously polluted days. China will
strive to gradually eliminate the seriously polluted weather and notably better the national air quality in another five years or longer. 

Description of WGPG (Waste Gas Power Generation) 

During the process of industrial production, some
by-products, such as blast furnace gas, coke furnace gas, oil gas, and others are created with certain high intensive thermal energy.
The waste gas can be collected and used as a fuel by gas turbine system to generate power energy. 

Gas turbines are a set of hi-tech equipment and
devices that is crucial to the energy development strategy of China. Gas turbine, which uses flammable gas as fuel and combines with recycling
power generating technology, has many merits. These include high efficiency power generation, low investment, short construction periods,
small land usage, water savings, environment protection and more. We believe the market prospect of the gas turbine industry is promising. 

19 

Through years of research, development and experimental
applications, this gas-to-energy system has started to be applied into some high energy intensive industrial plants, such as in the course
of iron-smelting in metallurgy plants. Metallurgical enterprises, as the biggest industrial energy user in China, consume 13 -15 of the
nation s electricity. Electricity consumed by the iron-smelting industry accounts for 40 of that consumed by metallurgical enterprises.
If all top furnaces in the iron-smelting industry are equipped with gas recovery systems, electricity consumption may decrease by 30-45 .
Furthermore, environmental pollution will be reduced while energy efficiency is improved in those heavy industries. 

Stringent Environmental Standards and Increasing Government Supports 

Since energy is a major strategic issue affecting
the development of the Chinese economy, the Chinese government has promoted the development of recycling and encouraged enterprises to
use waste energy recycling projects of the type we sell and service. Similar to previous five year periods, the China National Environment
Protection Plan, for the 14th Five-Year period (2021-2025), under the goal of carbon neutrality and carbon peak, proposes
to accelerate green and low-carbon development, continuously improve environmental quality, enhance the quality and stability of ecosystems,
and comprehensively improve the efficiency of resource utilization. Given the worsening environment and insufficient energy supply in
China, the Chinese government has implemented policies to curb pollution and reduce wasteful energy usage. From 2020 to 2025, China will
reduce energy consumption per unit of GDP by 13.5 and carbon dioxide emission per unit of GDP by 18 . The Renewable Energy Law, strict
administrative measures to restrict investment and force consolidation in energy wasting industries, and the requirement to install energy-saving
and environment protecting equipment whenever possible are just some ways the government is emphasizing the need to reduce emissions and
to maximize energy creation. Local government officials, who sometimes flout central government policies for the sake of local GDP growth,
are now required to tie emission, energy usage and pollution to GDP growth. If local emissions of pollutants grow faster than the local
GDP, these local officials face the risk of losing their jobs. Such determination and strict enforcement by the central and local governments
provide a good backdrop and growth opportunity for CREG s business activities. 

In recent years, China attaches great importance
to the problem of environmental pollution, and has invested a lot of manpower and capital cost in air pollution control. It is estimated
that the output value of China s energy conservation and environmental protection industry will exceed RMB 10 trillion by 2022 and
reach RMB 12.3 trillion by 2023. 

According to the 14th Five-Year Plan for
Modern Energy System , by 2025, China s comprehensive annual energy production capacity will reach over 4.6 billion tons of
standard coal, the annual output of crude oil will rise and stabilize at 200 million tons, the annual output of natural gas will reach
over 230 billion cubic meters, and the total installed power generation capacity will reach about 3 billion kilowatts. By 2025, carbon
dioxide emissions per unit of industrial added value will be cut by 18 . China aims to peak carbon dioxide emissions by 2030 and achieve
carbon neutrality by 2060. 

The scale of China s energy conservation
and environmental protection industry will continue to expand under the impetus of a series of goals and plans of carbon neutrality
and carbon peak and the 14th Five-Year Plan. According to forward-looking analysis, the output value of
China s energy conservation and environmental protection industry is expected to exceed RMB19 trillion by 2027. 

20 

Waste-to-Energy is a Cost-Effective Means to Meet Rising Energy
Needs 

According to the International Energy Agency,
China will need to increase its electricity generating capacity to meet its future needs. This demand may mean price increases for electricity
in China. With the need for more energy, in particular energy that does not cause additional emissions, and the relative low price of
the waste-to-energy production we provide, we believe that our markets will continue to expand. 

Since China has been experiencing a dramatic surge
in its energy consumption as well as widespread energy shortages, recycling energy is not only an attractive alternative to other sources
of energy as part of a national diversification strategy to avoid dependence on any one energy source or politically sensitive energy
supplies, but also a proven solution to make the use of energy more efficient. Under current economic conditions and current tax and regulatory
regimes, waste energy recycling projects generally can create price- competitive electricity compared to electricity generated from fossil
fuels or other renewable sources. Our customers can reduce energy costs significantly by installing our waste energy recycling projects.
Compared to electricity from the national grid, the generating cost from recycling energy is lower, which means our customers can leverage
the waste-to-energy projects to generate low-cost electricity, reducing energy costs for the manufacturing process. The current national
grid electricity rate ranges from RMB 0.45-0.50/kWh and our operated recycling rate ranges from 0.35-0.45/kWh subject to project type,
generating scale and local situation. 

Customers of our energy recycling projects may
also qualify for credits from the Clean Development Mechanism CDM ). The CDM is an international arrangement under the Kyoto
Protocol allowing industrialized countries with a greenhouse gas reduction commitment to invest in ventures that reduce emissions in developing
countries as an alternative to more expensive emission reductions in their own countries. In 2005, China s government promulgated
 Measures for Operation and Management of Clean Development Mechanism Projects in China China CDM Measures to facilitate the application and operation of CDM project activities in China. Our energy recycling solutions are of a kind which falls
into the beneficial categories accredited by the China CDM Measures. If our customers can get approval from the Chinese government and
successfully register their projects in the United Nations CDM Executive Board, they can receive additional revenue income through
exchanging their Certified Emission Reductions CER credits with investors in industrialized countries. 

Trends in Industries We Principally Service 

Iron, Steel and Nonferrous Metal Industry 

As the biggest iron and steel producer in the
world and one of the highest CO2 emission sectors, China s iron and steel industry is undergoing a low-carbon transition accompanied
by remarkable technological progress and investment adjustment, in response to the macroeconomic climate and policy intervention. 

Environmental pollution, shortage of resources
and energy shortage have been identified in China as three major challenges for China s nonferrous metal industry. China aims to
save 1.7 million tons of coal and 6 billion kWh of electricity per year, as well as reduce sulfur dioxide by 850,000 tons annually as
part of the industrial upgrading for the nonferrous metallurgy sector and, at the same time, to improve the utilization efficiency for
resources. In China, the utilization rate for the nonferrous metal mineral resources is 60 , which is 10 to 15 lower than developed countries.
The utilization rate for associated nonferrous metals is only 40 , which is 20 lower than developed nations. In addition, parts of nonferrous
mines located in different cities are disorganized with random mining, causing severe wastes of resources. 

Coal and Petrochemicals 

Flammable waste gases emitted from industrial
production processes, such as blast furnace gas, coke furnace gas, oil or gas can be used to power gas-fired generators to create energy.
Two large producers of these waste gases are coal mining and petrochemical refining. The PRC is the largest coal producer and consumer
in the world. Coal is the dirtiest fossil fuel and a major cause of methane gas emissions, a greenhouse gas 21 times more potent than
carbon dioxide. Methane gas is found naturally in coal beds. In the 1950s, China began recovering methane to make mines safer. Now, as
then, most of the captured methane is released into the air but it could be used as a clean energy source using waste energy recycling
technologies. 

Biomass Waste-to-Energy Industry 

In China, agricultural waste and biogas are two
main sources for biomass waste. China has more than 600 million tons of wasted straw produced every year. It also has 19 billion tons
of forest biomass, of which 300 million tons can be utilized as an energy source. The straw burning power industry will grow faster in
China with supportive policies, development of new technologies and the formation of raw material collection and storage systems, according
to the National Development and Reform Commission. Electricity generated from straw has a preferential price of RMB 0.25 per kWh higher
than coal-fueled power when sold to the state grid. In addition, straw power plants enjoy a series of preferential policies including
tax exemption. 

21 

Biogas technology captures methane gases emitted
from compostable materials and burns it to power a turbine to produce electricity. The waste that is usually disposed of in landfills
is converted into liquid or gaseous fuels. By utilizing the resource from waste cellulosic or organic materials, biomass energy can be
generated through the fermentation process. 

Our Strategies 

Maintain Core Verticals to Increase Market Share in China 

We focus on waste-to-energy projects for specific
verticals, such as steel, cement, nonferrous metal and coal mining. We plan to continue our focus on such core verticals and leverage
our expertise to expand our market share. We intend to expand our waste-to-energy power generating capacity rapidly in order to meet the
anticipated growth of demand in China s energy efficiency industrial applications and to gain market share. We continually identify
potential customers in our core verticals. 

Expand to New Business of Energy Storage with Future High Growth
Potentials 

We are in the process of transforming into an
energy storage integrated solution provider. We plan to pursue disciplined and targeted expansion strategies for market areas that we
currently do not serve. We are actively seeking and exploring opportunities to apply energy storage technologies to new industries or
segments with high growth potential, including industrial and commercial complexes, large scale photovoltaic (PV) and wind power stations,
remote islands without electricity, and smart energy cities with multi-energy supplies. By supporting and motivating all kinds of the
electric power market to participant in resource development and utilization of demand response, we plan to provide services including
peak shaving with compensation and frequency modulation. 

In recent years, electrochemical energy storage
technology has maintained a rapid growth trend, the cumulative installed capacity continues to expand. In 2020, the accumulative
installed capacity of electrochemical energy storage in China was 3269.2MW. During the 14th Five-Year Plan period, it is an important
period for energy storage to explore and realize the rigid demand application of the market, to productize the system and
to obtain stable commercial interests. It is expected that the electrochemical energy storage market will continue to develop rapidly
in 2021, with the accumulative installed capacity reaching 5790.8MW. 

In April 2021, the National Development and Reform
Commission and the National Energy Administration issued Guiding Opinions on Accelerating the Development of New Type Energy Storage.
This is the second national comprehensive policy document on the energy storage industry since the National Energy Administration, together
with five ministries and commissions, issued the Guiding Opinions on Promoting the Development of China s Energy Storage Technology
and Industry in 2017 (the New Energy Storage Guidance ). The New Energy Storage Guidance establishes a double carbon 
goal, providing a development goal and direction for the industry. 

The New Energy Storage Guidance, for the first
time, explicitly quantified the development double carbon goals of the energy storage industry at the national level, and
it is estimated that more than 30 million kilowatts (30GW+) of new energy storage projects will be installed by 2025. From 3.28GW at the
end of 2020 to 30GW in 2025, the scale of the new energy storage market is expected to expand 10 times the current level in the next five
years, with an annual compound annual growth rate of more than 55 , as a consequence of the New Energy Storage Guidance. 

Continually Enhance Research and Development Efforts 

We plan to devote resources to research and development
to enhance our waste-to-energy design and engineering capabilities. We anticipate that our in-house design and engineering team will provide
additional competitive advantages, including flexibility to quickly design and evaluate new technologies or applications in response to
changing market trends. 

22 

Our Business Models 

We have sold our products to our customers under
two models: the BOT model and the operating lease model, although we emphasize the BOT model which we believe is more economically beneficial
to us and to our customers. 

BOT Model 

We primarily engage in the BOT model to provide
waste-to-energy solutions to our customers: 

Build 

We work directly with customers for each of our
waste-to-energy projects. Our working process starts with a team of engineers that assesses and analyzes the specific needs of the customer
to establish the design layout, equipment procurement list and capital expenditure budget for the project. Our sales team works closely
with our engineering staff to present and negotiate the model with the customer. 

After signing a contract, we finance the entire
capital expenditure budget ourselves and commence the construction and installation of the project. We do not manufacture the equipment
and materials that are used in the construction of the waste-to-energy power generation facility. Rather, we incorporate standard power
generating equipment into a fully integrated on-site waste energy recycling project for our customer. The construction and installation
period ranges from three to 12 months subject to the project type, size and complexity. 

We usually engage an EPC general contractor, which
experienced in power plant and waste energy recycling project construction, to take charge of equipment procurement, project construction
and installation. Our team of five engineers participates in and monitors the equipment purchase process; this team also oversees the
construction and installation activities to ensure that they are completed on time and meet our rigorous standards and specifications. 

Operate 

After the project has been installed at the customer
site and passed a series of stringent tests, we, currently, outsource the operation to a third-party vendor. The operation period ranges
from five to 20 years subject to the terms of each contract. 

During the operation period, the customer can
purchase all the electricity at a below-market price. We collect energy-saving- based lease payments from the customer; the lease term
is equivalent to the operation period, ranging from five to 20 years, and the payments are based on the sale by us as lessor to our customers
as lessee of energy generated by the waste energy recycling project at below-market rates. The customer s payments are based on
a minimum operation schedule agreed upon by us with our customer, and are collateralized by assets of the customer and/or third party
guarantees. To reduce risk, we offer leasing services across a wide variety of industries and only target larger manufacturers or state-owned
enterprises. Operation in excess of the minimum schedule enables us to receive additional revenues from the excess energy generated and
sold to the customer. 

Transfer 

Based on the specific terms for each project,
we eventually transfer the waste energy recycling project to the customer at no cost or a nominal cost upon the completion of the operation/lease
period. For example, Tongchuan Shengwei Cement Power Generation project signed a 5-year lease starting from the first quarter of 2009
to the end of 2013. After the lease term was up, we transferred the station to the owner at no cost pursuant to the contract terms, which
vary based on industries and the type of power generation stations. 

23 

Why BOT 

Waste-to-energy projects are capital intensive,
which requires the manufacturers to invest a considerable amount of cash to purchase equipment during the construction period. As a BOT
service provider, we fund all contracted projects on our own or jointly with our customers; such financing arrangements can help our customers
by removing or reducing the heavy capital expenditure burden required by specific projects, thereby allowing them to concentrate on their
core business. While technologically mature in advanced countries, waste-to-energy projects are still new to most of China s industrial
companies and require intensive technology or know-how with respect to energy recycling and power generation. It is time-consuming or
not feasible for industrial manufacturers to equip themselves with adequate expertise and technicians. Our specific sector knowledge and
rich project experience allow us to construct, operate and maintain the power plants efficiently and to respond to operational issues
in a timely and cost-efficient manner. 

In exchange for upfront capital investment, we
require secured power generating capacity during the operation period and guaranteed attractive internal rates of return from each project.
Our operation period ranges from five to 20 years, during which we are entitled to sell the recycled electricity to those customers at
a predetermined rate. Such electricity sales are secured by long-term electricity production agreements with guarantees, which result
in minimum annual payments. We employ a process of stringent and systematic internal scrutiny on new customer development so as to minimize
operational and default risk; for some smaller or non-SOE businesses, we require property collateral, management or third party guarantees,
and/or prepayment of three months. As such, our cash inflow schedule from each in-operation project is fixed and predictable providing
clear financial visibility. Our payback period is generally two to three years, depending on the project size. 

In our experience, this BOT model is well received
by our existing and potential customers in China. The insufficient supply of BOT vendors to the market is wholly due to the funding limitations
of most of the recycling energy solution providers. Not all of our competitors have the ability to access sufficient capital on a timely
basis. 

Operating Lease Model 

In the past, we also recorded rental income from
two separate one-year operating leases. Under the operating leases, we leased waste-energy systems and subleased the systems to a customer
for a greater amount. We choose not to renew our lease agreements, and we do not generally expect any revenue in the future through such
model. 

Contractor and Equipment Suppliers 

We generally conduct our project construction
through an EPC general contractor. We select the EPC general contractor for each project through a bidding process; then we sign a contract
with the selected contractor for that project. The general contractor may outsource parts of our project construction to subcontractors
according to the complexity and economics of the project. The general contractor is responsible for purchasing equipment to satisfy the
requirements of the project we design for our customer. We generally do not purchase equipment directly from the equipment suppliers,
but our general contractors obtain our consent before selecting the equipment suppliers. Our engineering department is involved in the
equipment supplier selection process together with our general contractors and makes sure our stringent standards and requirements have
been appropriately applied in selection of the equipment. We currently have engaged Shaanxi Huaxin Energy Engineering Co., Ltd. for our
projects under construction, and we also maintain relationships with many other quality general contractors in China, including Wuxi Guolian,
CITIC Heavy Industries Co., Ltd., A-Power Energy Generation Systems, Ltd. 

As mentioned above, we do not manufacture the
equipment and materials that are used in the construction of our waste energy recycling projects. Rather, we incorporate standard power
generating equipment into a fully integrated onsite system. The key equipment used in our projects are the boilers and turbine generators,
which represent the majority of equipment cost for each project. Though we do not place the direct procurement orders, we believe we maintain
good relationships with those power generation equipment suppliers, and these relationships help provide cost-effective equipment purchasing
by the general contractor for our intended projects and ensure the timely completion of these projects. We have well-established business
relationships with most of the suppliers from whom our general contractors procure equipment, including Hangzhou Boiler Plant, Beijing
Zhongdian Electric Machinery, Chengdu Engine Group, Shanghai Electric Group, China Aviation Gas Turbine Co. Ltd and Xuji Electric. Therefore,
we believe that we have a strong position and support in equipment supply and installation, which benefits us, the general contractors
and our customers. 

24 

Main Customers 

Our customers are mainly mid- to large-size enterprises
in China involving high energy-consuming businesses. Following our selection process described in the next paragraph, we conduct stringent
evaluation procedures to identify and qualify potential customers and projects. To lower our investment and operational risk, we target
companies with geographic or industry competitive advantages, with strong reputations and in good financial condition. Generally, our
targets include steel and nonferrous metal mills with over 3 million tons of production capacity per year, cement plants with over 2 million
tons of production capacity per year that utilize new- suspension-line process, and coking plants with over 600 tons production capacity
per year. Our existing customers operate in Shanxi, Shaan xi, Shandong and Jiangsu provinces and the Inner Mongolia Autonomic Region
in China. 

Marketing and Sales 

We market and sell our projects nationwide through
our direct sales force of two employees based in Xi an, China. Our marketing programs include industrial conferences, trade fairs,
sales training, and trade publication advertising. Our sales and marketing group works closely with our research and development and engineering
departments to coordinate our project development activities, project launches and ongoing demand and supply planning. We market our projects
directly to the industrial manufacturers who can utilize our energy recovery projects in their manufacturing processes, including steel,
cement, nonferrous metal, coal and petrochemical industries. 

Our management team has long-standing relationships
with our existing customers and those companies that we consider to be potential customers. We also maintain relationships with municipal
governments, which often sponsor or subsidize potential customers that can utilize our projects. 

Geographic Distribution of Sales 

Seasonality 

For the most part, the Company s business
and sales are not subject to any seasonality factors. 

Intellectual Property Rights 

The Company does not currently possess any intellectual
property rights. 

Research and Development 

We believe that our research and development R D efforts are among the best in the waste heat, gas and pressure to energy industry, particularly with regards to practical usage and application. 

To develop new and practical solutions for our
customers, our R D team also has the support of our on-site and project engineers who provide feedback and numerous ideas to the R D
team from their daily experiences with installation and operation of various waste gas, heat or pressure to energy projects. Our cooperative
relationship with the Shanghai Electric Distributed Energy Sources Technology Co., Ltd. gives us access to the latest developments in
energy and waste-to-energy technologies as well as technical support of the R D teams of the R D team of Distributed Energy
Sources of Central Research Institute of Shanghai Electric Group. 

25 

Government and Environmental Management System 

Since we do not hold the licenses that the various
levels of Chinese government require for our operations, we mainly rely on third-party servicers and contractors, which possess all levels
of licenses, to carry out our operations. 

Competition 

In the past, waste energy recycling projects have
been installed mainly by industrial plants themselves. These plants hire general contractors to purchase waste energy recycling equipment
manufactured by third parties and with design support from government design institutes, which usually charge a one-time design fee, construct
the projects on-site. Pressure has increased on Chinese producers to become more energy-efficient, but many mid-sized companies do not
have the special technical expertise or the capital to install and operate such waste energy recycling projects. Many companies have begun
to outsource these functions to third- party providers, creating an opportunity in a growing market. 

We use a BOT model to provide energy saving and
recovery systems for various energy intensive industries, such as cement, steel and metallurgy industries. We face competition from an
array of market participants. 

Our main competitors as third-party providers
are state owned research institutes or their wholly owned construction companies; however, smaller private companies occasionally employ
a BOT model to provide waste-to-energy systems. The state-owned enterprises include Equipment and System Engineer Co., Ltd. of Hangzhou
Steam Turbine Power Group (Hangzhou Turbine) and Energy Saving Development Co., Ltd of China National Material Group, Sinoma
Development Co., Ltd. The private companies include China Senyuan Electronic Co., Ltd., Dalian East New Energy Development Co. Ltd. , Top
Resource Conservation Engineering Co., Ltd. and Nanjing Kaisheng Kaineng Environmental Energy. 

We believe there is a larger market in the waste-to-energy
industry in China for systems constructed on the Engineering Procurement Construction or EPC model in which
customers purchase the services of a contractor to construct a system for the customer at the customer s expense. Service providers
include Dalian East New Energy Development, Nanjing Kaisheng Cement Technology and Engineering Co., Ltd., Jiangxi Sifang Energy Co., Ltd.,
Beijing Century Benefits Co., Ltd., Beijing Shineng Zhongjin Energy Technology Co., Ltd., Kunming Sunwise Co., Ltd. and China Everbright
International Ltd. We compete with EPC providers for waste-to-energy projects when potential customers are able to obtain external financing
or have the necessary capital. 

We believe we offer advantages over our competitors
in several ways: 

Our management team has over 20 years of industry experience and expertise; 

We have the capabilities to provide TRT, CHPG and WGPG systems, while our competitors usually concentrate on one type or another; 

We have the capabilities and experience in undertaking large scale projects; and 

We provide BOT or capital lease services to the customers, while our competitors usually use an EPC (engineering, procurement and construction) or turnkey contract model. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 14 employees: 

Management: 3 Employees 

Administration: 3 Employees 

Marketing: 2 Employees 

Accounting Finance: 4 Employees 

Project Officer: 2 Employees 

All of our personnel are employed full-time and
none is represented under collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. 

26 

We maintain certain insurance policies to safeguard
us against risks and unexpected events as required in China and with applicable PRC laws, such as social security insurance, including
pension insurance, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance and medical insurance for our employees. However, we do not maintain
business interruption insurance or product liability insurance, which are not mandatory under PRC laws. In addition, we do not maintain
key man insurance, insurance policies covering damages to our network infrastructures or information technology systems nor any insurance
policies for our properties. During fiscal years 2022 and 2021, we did not make any material insurance claims in relation to our business. 

Costs and Effects of Compliance with Environmental Laws 

There were many new laws, regulations, rules and
notices regarding the environment and energy production adopted, promulgated and put into force during past years. The Chinese government
is putting more stringent requirements and urgency on reducing pollution and emissions and improving energy efficiency nationwide. Our
products are designed and constructed to comply with the environmental laws and regulations of China. As our systems allow our customers
to use waste heat and gases to create energy, we help reduce the overall environmental impact of our customers. Since our business focuses
on recycling energy, the effect of the strengthening of environmental laws in China may be to increase demand for the products and services
we offer and others like them. 

Available Information 

We file reports with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other reports from time to time.
The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington,
DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Company
is an electronic filer and the SEC maintains an Internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains the reports, proxy and information
statements, and other information filed electronically. Our website address is www.creg-cn.com. Please note that our website address
is provided as an inactive textual reference only. The information provided on our website is not part of this report, and is therefore
not incorporated by reference unless such information is otherwise specifically referenced elsewhere in this report. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

In recent years, the growth of Chinese economy
has experienced slowdown, and if the growth of the economy continues to slow or if the economy contracts, our financial condition may
be materially and adversely affected. 

The rapid growth of the PRC economy has historically
resulted in widespread growth opportunities in industries across China. As a result of the global financial crisis and the inability of
enterprises to gain comparable access to the same amounts of capital available in past years, the business climate has changed and growth
of private enterprise in the PRC have slowed down. An economic slowdown could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. Further,
if economic growth slows, and if, in conjunction, inflation is allowed to proceed unchecked, our costs would likely increase, and there
can be no assurance that we would be able to increase our prices to an extent that would offset the increase in our expenses. 

We depend on the waste energy of our customers to generate electricity . 

We acquire waste pressure, heat and gases from
steelworks, cement, coking or metallurgy plants and use these to generate power. Therefore, our power generating capacity depends on the
availability of an adequate supply of our raw materials from our customers. If we do not have enough supply, power generated
for those customers will be impeded. Since our contracts are often structured so that we receive compensation based on the amount of energy
we supply, a reduction in production may cause problems for our revenues and results of operations. 

27 

Our revenue depends on gaining new customers
and project contracts and purchase commitments from customers . 

Currently and historically, we have only had a
limited number of projects in process at any time. Thus, our revenues have historically resulted, and are expected to continue in the
immediate future to result, primarily from the sale and operation of our waste energy recycling projects that, once completed, typically
produce ongoing revenues from energy production. Customers may change or delay orders for any number of reasons, such as force majeure
or government approval factors that are unrelated to us. As a result, to maintain and expand our business, we must continue to develop
and obtain new orders. However, it is difficult to predict whether and when we will receive such orders or project contracts due to the
lengthy process, which may be affected by factors that we do not control, such as market and economic conditions, financing arrangements,
commodity prices, environmental issues and government approvals. 

We may require additional funds to run our
business and may be required to raise these funds on terms which are not favorable to us or which reduce our stock price. 

We may need to complete additional equity or debt
financings to fund our operations. Our inability to obtain additional financing could adversely affect our business. Financings may not
be available at all or on terms favorable to us. In addition, these financings, if completed, may not meet our capital needs and could
result in substantial dilution to our stockholders. 

Changes in the economic and credit environment
could have an adverse effect on demand for our projects, which would in turn have a negative impact on our results of operations, our
cash flows, our financial condition, our ability to borrow and our stock price . 

Since late 2008 and continuing through 2021, global
market and economic conditions have been disrupted and volatile. Concerns over slowdown of Chinese economy, geopolitical issues, the availability
and cost of credit, to this increased volatility. These factors, combined with declining business and consumer confidence and increased
unemployment, precipitated a global recession. It is difficult to predict how long the current economic conditions will persist or whether
they will deteriorate further. As a result, these conditions could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

The slow growth of global economy has also resulted
in tighter credit conditions, which may lead to higher financing costs. Although poor market conditions can act as an incentive for our
customers to reduce their energy costs, if the global economic slowdown persists and has material adverse effects on our customers 
business, our customers may delay or cancel their plan of installing waste energy recycling projects. 

Decreases in the price of coal, oil and
gas or a decline in popular support for green energy technologies could reduce demand for our waste energy recycling projects,
which could materially harm our ability to grow our business . 

Higher coal, oil and gas prices provide incentives
for customers to invest in green energy technologies such as our waste energy recycling projects that reduce their need
for fossil fuels. Conversely, lower coal, oil and gas prices would tend to reduce the incentive for customers to invest in capital equipment
to produce electric power or seek out alternative energy sources. Demand for our projects and services depends in part on the current
and future commodity prices of coal, oil and gas. We have no control over the current or future prices of these commodities. 

In addition, popular support by governments, corporations
and individuals for green energy technologies may change. Because of the ongoing development of, and the possible change
in support for, green energy technologies we cannot assure you that negative changes to this industry will not occur. Changes
in government or popular support for green energy technologies could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects
and results of operations. 

28 

Changes in the growth of demand for or pricing
of electricity could reduce demand for our waste energy recycling projects, which could materially harm our ability to grow our business . 

Our revenues are dependent on the ability to provide
savings on energy costs for our clients. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of the PRC, China s total electricity consumption
in 2022 was 8637.2 trillion kilowatt-hours, , with an increase of 3.6 compared to 2020 . The growth in electricity consumption increases
due to the continued development of the Chinese economy. However, such growth is unpredictable and depends on general economic conditions
and consumer demand, both of which are beyond our control. Furthermore, pricing of electricity in the PRC is set in advance by the state
or local electricity administration and may be artificially depressed by governmental regulation or influenced by supply and demand imbalances.
If these changes reduce the cost of electricity from traditional sources of supply, the demand for our waste energy recycling projects
could be reduced, and therefore, could materially harm our ability to grow our business. 

Our insurance may not cover all liabilities
and damages . 

Our industry can be dangerous and hazardous. The
insurance we carry might not be enough to cover all the liabilities and damages that may be caused by potential accidents. 

Our heavy reliance on the experience and
expertise of our management may cause adverse impacts on us if a management member departs . 

We depend on key personnel for the success of
our business. Our business may be severely disrupted if we lose the services of our key executives and employees or fail to add new senior
and middle managers to our management. 

Our future success is heavily dependent upon the
continued service of our key executives. We also rely on a number of key technology staff for the operation of our company. Our future
success is also dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified senior and middle managers to our management team. If one or
more of our current or future key executives or employees are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be
able to easily replace them, and our business may be severely disrupted. In addition, if any of these key executives or employees joins
a competitor or forms a competing company, we could lose customers and suppliers and incur additional expenses to recruit and train personnel.
We do not maintain key-man life insurance for any of our key executives. 

We may need more capital for the operation
and failure to raise capital we need may delay the development plan and reduce the profits . 

If we don t have adequate income or our
capital can t meet the requirement for expansion of operations, we will need to seek financing to continue our business development.
If we fail to acquire adequate financial resources at acceptable terms, we might have to postpone our proposed business development plans
and reduce projections of our future incomes. 

Our use of a Build-Operate-Transfer 
model requires us to invest substantial financial and technical resources in a project before we deliver a waste energy recycling project . 

We use a Build-Operate-Transfer 
model to provide our waste energy recycling projects to our customers. This process requires us to provide significant capital at the
beginning of each project. The design, construction and completion of a waste energy recycling project is highly technical and the time
necessary to complete a project can take three to 12 months without any delays, including delays outside our control such as from the
result of customer s operations, and we incur significant expenses as part of this process. Our initial cash outlay and the length
of the delivery time makes us particularly vulnerable to the loss of a significant customer or contract because we may be unable to quickly
replace the lost cash flow. 

Our BOT model and the accounting for our
projects as sales-type leases could result in a difference between our revenue recognition and our cash flows . 

While we recognize a large portion of the revenue
from each project when it goes on-line, all of the cash flow from the project is received in even monthly payments across the term of
the lease. Although our revenues may be high, the initial cash outlay required for each project is substantial and even with the recovery
of this cost in the early years of each lease, we may need to raise additional capital resulting in a dilution in your holdings. This
discrepancy between revenue recognition and cash flow could also contribute to volatility in our stock price. 

29 

There is collection risk associated with
payments to be received over the terms of agreements with customers of our waste energy recycling projects . 

We are dependent in part on the viability of our
customers for collections under our BOT model. Customers may experience financial difficulties that could cause them to be unable to fulfill
their contractual payment obligations to us. Although our customers usually provide collateral or other guarantees to secure their obligations
to provide the minimum electricity income from the waste energy recycling projects, there is no guarantee that such collateral will be
sufficient to meet all obligations under the respective contract. As a result, our future revenues and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

We may not be able to assemble and deliver
our waste energy recycling projects as quickly as customers may require which could cause us to lose sales and could harm our reputation . 

We may not be able to assemble our waste energy
recycling projects and deliver them to our customers at the times they require. 

Manufacturing delays and interruptions can occur
for many reasons, including, but not limited to: 

the failure of a supplier to deliver needed components on a timely basis or of acceptable quality; 

equipment failures; 

personnel shortage; 

labor disputes; or 

transportation disruptions. 

Assembly of our waste energy recycling projects
is complex. If we fail to assemble and deliver our waste energy recycling projects in a timely fashion, our reputation may be harmed,
we may jeopardize existing orders and lose potential future sales, and we may be forced to pay penalties to our customers. 

We operate in an emerging competitive industry
and if we are unable to compete successfully our revenue and profitability will be adversely affected . 

Currently, the PRC waste energy recycling market
is fragmented but competitive. As the industry evolves, we anticipate that competition will increase. We currently face competition primarily
from companies that focus on one type of waste energy recycling project or one industry in the waste energy recycling market, some of
which may have more expertise in their area of focus than we do. We also compete against companies that have substantial competitive advantage
because of longer operating histories and larger marketing budgets, as well as substantially greater financial and other resources than
us. Our largest potential clients may choose to build their own systems. National or global competitors could enter the market with more
substantial financial and workforce resources, stronger existing customer relationships, and greater name recognition or could choose
to target medium to small companies in our traditional markets. Competitors could focus their substantial resources on developing a more
attractive solution set than ours or products with technologies that reduce demand for energy beyond what our solutions can provide and
at cheaper prices. Competition also places downward pressure on our contract prices and profit margins, which presents us with significant
challenges in our ability to maintain strong growth rates and acceptable profit margins. If we are unable to meet these competitive challenges,
we could lose market share to our competitors and experience an overall reduction in our profits. 

If we infringe the rights of third parties,
we could be prevented from selling products, forced to pay damages and compelled to defend against litigation . 

If our waste energy recycling projects, methods,
processes and other technologies infringe proprietary rights of other parties, we may have to obtain licenses (which may not be available
on commercially reasonable terms, if at all), redesign our waste energy recycling projects or processes, stop using the subject matter
claimed in the asserted patents, pay damages, or defend litigation or administrative proceedings, which may be costly whether we win or
lose. All of the above could result in a substantial diversion of valuable management resources and we could incur substantial costs. 

30 

We believe we have taken reasonable steps, including
prior patent searches, to ensure we can operate under our intellectual property rights, and that our development and commercialization
efforts can be carried out as planned without infringing others proprietary rights. However, a third-party patent may have been
filed or will be filed that may contain subject matter of relevance to our development, causing a third-party patent holder to claim infringement.
Resolution of such issues sometimes results in lengthy and costly legal proceedings, the outcome of which we cannot predict accurately. 

We may not be able to adequately respond
to changes in technology affecting the waste energy recycling industry . 

Our industry could experience rapid technological
changes and new product introductions. Current competitors or new market entrants could introduce new or enhanced products with features
which render the systems used in our projects obsolete or less marketable. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to
respond to changing technology and industry standards in a timely and cost-effective manner. We may not be successful in effectively using
new technologies, developing new systems or enhancing our existing systems and technology on a timely basis. Our new technologies or enhancements
may not achieve market acceptance. Our pursuit of new technologies may require substantial time and expense. We may need to license new
technologies to respond to technological change. These licenses may not be available to us on terms that we can accept. Finally, we may
not succeed in adapting our projects to new technologies as they emerge. 

We are dependent on third parties for manufacturing
key components and delays by third parties may cause delays in assembly and increased costs to us . 

We rely upon third parties for the manufacture
of key components. Delays and difficulties in the manufacturing of our waste energy recycling projects could substantially harm our revenues.
There are limited sources of supply for some key waste energy recycling project components. Business disruptions, financial difficulties
of the manufacturers or suppliers of these components, or raw material shortages could increase our costs, reduce the availability of
these components or delay our delivery of projects to customers. To date, we have been able to obtain adequate supplies of these key components.
If we are unable to obtain a sufficient supply of required components, we could experience significant delays in construction, which could
result in the loss of orders and customers, and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. If the cost of components increases, we may not be able to pass on price increases to our customers if we are to remain competitively
priced. This would reduce profit, which in turn would reduce the value of your investment. 

Increases in income tax rates, changes in
income tax laws or disagreements with tax authorities could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S
and in certain foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. Increases in income tax rates or other changes in income tax laws that
apply to our business could reduce our after-tax income from such jurisdiction and could adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations. Our operations outside the U.S. generate a significant portion of our income. In addition, the
U.S. and many of the other countries in which our products are distributed or sold, including countries in which we have significant
operations, have recently made or are actively considering changes to existing tax laws. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the
 TCJ Act was recently signed into law in the U.S. The changes in the TCJ Act are broad and complex and we are
continuing to examine the impact the TCJ Act may have on our business and financial results. This provisional expense is subject to
change, possibly materially, due to, among other things, changes in estimates, interpretations and assumptions we have made, changes
in Internal Revenue Service (IRS) interpretations, the issuance of new guidance, legislative actions, changes in accounting
standards or related interpretations in response to the TCJ Act and future actions by states within the U.S that have not yet
adopted state-level laws similar to the TCJ Act. 

Additional changes in the U.S. tax regime or in
how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings, including changes in how existing tax laws are interpreted or enforced,
could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

31 

We are also subject to regular reviews, examinations
and audits by the IRS and other taxing authorities with respect to income and non-income based taxes both within and outside the U.S.
Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which we operate, or the adoption of new or reformed tax
legislation or regulation, may make resolving tax disputes more difficult and the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation
could differ from our historical provisions and accruals, resulting in an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results
of operations. In addition, in connection with the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development Base Erosion and Profit Shifting
project, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater
audit scrutiny of profits earned in various countries. 

A downturn in China or global economy, and
economic and political policies of China could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Our business, prospects, financial condition and
results of operations may be influenced to a significant degree by political, economic and social conditions in China generally. The Chinese
economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the amount of government involvement, level
of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. While the Chinese economy has experienced significant
growth over the past decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. The Chinese government
has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit
the overall Chinese economy, but may have a negative effect on us. 

Economic conditions in China are sensitive to
global economic conditions. Any prolonged slowdown in the global or Chinese economy may affect potential clients confidence in
financial market as a whole and have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, continued
turbulence in the international markets may adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs. 

The recent outbreak of war in Ukraine has already
affected global economic markets, and the uncertain resolution of this conflict could result in protracted and/or severe damage to the
global economy. Russia s recent military interventions in Ukraine have led to, and may lead to, additional sanctions being levied
by the U.S, European Union and other countries against Russia. Russia s military incursion and the resulting sanctions could adversely
affect global energy and financial markets and thus could affect our client s business and our business, even though we do not have
any direct exposure to Russia or the adjoining geographic regions. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions, and resulting
market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. Any such disruptions caused by Russian military action or resulting
sanctions may magnify the impact of other risks described in this section. We cannot predict the progress or outcome of the situation
in Ukraine, as the conflict and governmental reactions are rapidly developing and beyond their control. Prolonged unrest, intensified
military activities, or more extensive sanctions impacting the region could have a material adverse effect on the global economy, and
such effect could in turn have a material adverse effect on the operations, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and
business outlook of our business. 

We face risks related to natural disasters,
extreme weather conditions, health epidemics and other catastrophic incidents, which could significantly disrupt our operations. 

China has experienced natural disasters, including
earthquakes, extreme weather conditions and any similar event could materially impact our business in the future. If a disaster
or other disruption occurred that affects the regions where we operate our business, the resulting loss of personnel and damage to property
could materially adversely affect our business. Even if we are not directly affected, such a disaster or disruption could affect the operations
or financial condition of our ecosystem participants, which could harm our results of operations. 

32 

In recent months, the
continued, global spread of COVID-19 has led to disruption and volatility in the global capital markets, which has increased
the cost of, and adversely impacted access to, capital (including the commercial paper markets) and increased economic uncertainty. It
is likely that the pandemic will cause an economic slowdown of potentially extended duration, and it is possible that it could cause a
global recession. To reduce the spread of the COVID-19, the Chinese government has employed measures
including city lockdowns, quarantines, travel restrictions, suspension of business activities and school closures. The COVID-19 pandemic
has resulted in, among other things, quarantines, travel restrictions, and the temporary closure of office buildings and facilities in
China, Hong Kong and in the U.S. 

COVID-19 is adversely affecting, and is expected
to continue to adversely affect, certain elements of our business, including as a result of impacts associated with preventive and precautionary
measures that we, other businesses, our communities and governments are taking. From April 2020 to the end of 2021, there were some new
COVID-19 cases discovered in a few provinces of China, however, the number of new cases are not significant due to PRC government s
strict control. Ftom January 2022 to date, COVID-19 case fluctuated and increased again in many cities of China including Xi an
Province where the Company is located, As a result of such increases, there have been periodic short-term lockdowns and restrictions on
travel in Xi an Province and other areas of China, the Company s operations have been adversely impacted by the travel and
work restrictions imposed on a temporary basis in China to limit the spread of COVID-19. Due to these impacts and measures, we have experienced
and expect to continue to experience delays in our internal product development and unpredictable reductions in demand for certain of
our products and services. Our employees have been required to work from home or not go into their offices. Such restrictions are slowly
being lifted. If the pandemic continues and conditions worsen, we expect to experience additional adverse impacts on our operational and
commercial activities and customer orders, which adverse impacts may be material, and it remains uncertain what impact these adverse impacts
would have on future sales and customer orders even if conditions begin to improve. In addition to existing travel restrictions, jurisdictions
may continue to close borders, impose prolonged quarantines and further restrict travel and business activity, which could significantly
impact our ability to support our operations and customers. Further, such travel restrictions and slowed-down business activities may
affect the operation of our customer and result in decrease of our products and services, which could adversely affect our financial results.
Due to the speed with which the COVID-19 situation is developing, the global breadth of its spread and the range of governmental
and community reactions thereto, there is uncertainty around its duration and ultimate impact; therefore, any negative impact on our overall
financial and operating results (including without limitation our liquidity) cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, but the pandemic
could lead to extended disruption of economic activity and the impact on our financial and operating results could be material. 

Risks Related to Doing Business in China 

We are a holding
company and will rely on dividends paid by our subsidiaries for our cash needs. Any limitation on the ability of our subsidiaries to make
dividend payments to us, or any tax implications of making dividend payments to us, could limit our ability to pay our parent company
expenses or pay dividends to holders of our common stock. 

We are a holding company and conduct substantially
all of our business through our PRC subsidiaries, which are limited liability companies in China. We may rely on dividends to be paid
by our PRC subsidiaries to fund our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions
to our shareholders, to service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating expenses. If our PRC subsidiaries incur debt on their own
behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. 

Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC subsidiaries,
which are mostly wholly foreign-owned enterprises in China, may pay dividends only out of its accumulated profits as determined in accordance
with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise is required to set aside at least 10 of
its accumulated after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a certain statutory reserve fund, until the aggregate amount of such fund
reaches 50 of its registered capital. 

33 

Our PRC subsidiaries generate primarily all of
their revenue in Renminbi, which is not freely convertible into other currencies. As a result, any restriction on currency exchange may
limit the ability of our PRC subsidiary to use its Renminbi revenues to pay dividends to us. The PRC government may continue to strengthen
its capital controls, and more restrictions and substantial vetting process may be put forward by State Administration of Foreign Exchange
(the SAFE for cross-border transactions falling under both the current account and the capital account. Any limitation
on the ability of our PRC subsidiary to pay dividends or make other kinds of payments to us could materially and adversely limit our ability
to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

In addition, the Enterprise Income Tax Law and
its implementation rules provide that a withholding tax rate of up to 10 will be applicable to dividends payable by Chinese companies
to non-PRC-resident enterprises unless otherwise exempted or reduced according to treaties or arrangements between the PRC central government
and governments of other countries or regions where the non-PRC resident enterprises are incorporated. Any limitation on the ability of
our PRC subsidiary to pay dividends or make other distributions to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments
or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

The Chinese government exerts substantial
influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities . We are currently not required to obtain approval from
Chinese authorities to list on U.S exchanges, however, if our holding company or subsidiaries were required to obtain approval or filing
in the future and were denied permission from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, we will not be able to continue listing on
U.S. exchange, which would materially affect the interest of the investors. 

The Chinese government has exercised and can continue
to exercise substantial control to intervene on virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulation and state ownership,
and as a result, it can influence the manner in which we must conduct our business activities and effect material changes in our operations
or the value of the common stock we are registering in this resale. Under the current government leadership, the government of the PRC
has been pursuing reform policies which have adversely affected China-based operating companies whose securities are listed in the U.S.,
with significant policies changes being made from time to time without notice. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation
and application of PRC laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations governing our business, or the enforcement
and performance of our contractual arrangements with borrowers in the event of the imposition of statutory liens, death, bankruptcy or
criminal proceedings. Our ability to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations, including those relating to
taxation, environmental regulations, land use rights, property and other matters. The central or local governments of these jurisdictions
may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts
on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations. Accordingly, government actions in the future, including
any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional or local
variations in the implementation of economic policies, could have a significant effect on economic conditions in China or particular regions
thereof, and could require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in Chinese properties. 

Given recent statements by the Chinese government
indicating an intent to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based
issuers, any such action could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors
and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

34 

Recently, the General Office of the Central Committee
of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severely Cracking Down on Illegal
Securities Activities According to Law, or the Opinions, which was made available to the public on July 6, 2021. The Opinions emphasized
the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities, and the need to strengthen the supervision over overseas
listings by Chinese companies. Effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems, will be taken to
deal with the risks and incidents of China-concept overseas listed companies. As of the date hereof, we have not received any inquiry,
notice, warning, or sanctions from PRC government authorities in connection with the Opinions. 

On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the
National People s Congress of China, or the SCNPC, promulgated the PRC Data Security Law, which took effect in September 2021. The
PRC Data Security Law imposes data security and privacy obligations on entities and individuals carrying out data activities, and introduces
a data classification and hierarchical protection system based on the importance of data in economic and social development, and the degree
of harm it will cause to national security, public interests, or legitimate rights and interests of individuals or organizations when
such data is tampered with, destroyed, leaked, illegally acquired or used. The PRC Data Security Law also provides for a national security
review procedure for data activities that may affect national security and imposes export restrictions on certain data an information. 

In early July 2021, regulatory authorities in
China launched cybersecurity investigations with regard to several China-based companies that are listed in the United States. The Chinese
cybersecurity regulator announced on July 2 that it had begun an investigation of Didi Global Inc. (NYSE: DIDI) and two days later ordered
that the company s app be removed from smartphone app stores. On July 5, 2021, the Chinese cybersecurity regulator launched the
same investigation on two other Internet platforms, China s Full Truck Alliance of Full Truck Alliance Co. Ltd. (NYSE: YMM) and
Boss of KANZHUN LIMITED (Nasdaq: BZ). On July 24, 2021, the General Office of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General
Office of the State Council jointly released the Guidelines for Further Easing the Burden of Excessive Homework and Off-campus Tutoring
for Students at the Stage of Compulsory Education, pursuant to which foreign investment in such firms via mergers and acquisitions, franchise
development, and variable interest entities are banned from this sector. 

On August 17, 2021, the State Council promulgated
the Regulations on the Protection of the Security of Critical Information Infrastructure, or the Regulations, which took effect on September
1, 2021. The Regulations supplement and specify the provisions on the security of critical information infrastructure as stated in the
Cybersecurity Review Measures. The Regulations provide, among others, that protection department of certain industry or sector shall notify
the operator of the critical information infrastructure in time after the identification of certain critical information infrastructure. 

On August 20, 2021, the SCNPC promulgated the
Personal Information Protection Law of the PRC, or the Personal Information Protection Law, which took effect in November 2021. As the
first systematic and comprehensive law specifically for the protection of personal information in the PRC, the Personal Information Protection
Law provides, among others, that (i) an individual s consent shall be obtained to use sensitive personal information, such as biometric
characteristics and individual location tracking, (ii) personal information operators using sensitive personal information shall notify
individuals of the necessity of such use and impact on the individual s rights, and (iii) where personal information operators reject
an individual s request to exercise his or her rights, the individual may file a lawsuit with a People s Court. 

35 

As such, the Company s business segments
may be subject to various government and regulatory interference in the provinces in which they operate. The Company could be subject
to regulation by various political and regulatory entities, including various local and municipal agencies and government sub-divisions.
The Company may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure
to comply. Additionally, the governmental and regulatory interference could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer
or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

Furthermore, it is uncertain when and whether
the Company will be required to obtain permission from the PRC government to list on U.S. exchanges in the future, and even when such
permission is obtained, whether it will be denied or rescinded. Although the Company is currently not required to obtain permission from
any of the PRC federal or local government to obtain such permission and has not received any denial to list on the U.S. exchange, our
operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by existing or future laws and regulations relating to its business or
industry. 

On
February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated Trial Administrative Measures of the Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies
(the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five relevant guidelines, which became effective on March 31, 2023. 
According to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, PRC domestic companies that seek to offer and list securities in overseas markets, either
in direct or indirect means, are required to fulfill the filing procedure with the CSRC and report relevant information. The Overseas
Listing Trial Measures provides that an overseas listing or offering is explicitly prohibited, if any of the following: (1) such securities
offering and listing is explicitly prohibited by provisions in laws, administrative regulations and relevant state rules; (2) the intended
securities offering and listing may endanger national security as reviewed and determined by competent authorities under the State Council
in accordance with law; (3) the domestic company intending to make the securities offering and listing, or its controlling shareholder(s)
and the actual controller, have committed relevant crimes such as corruption, bribery, embezzlement, misappropriation of property or undermining
the order of the socialist market economy during the latest three years; (4) the domestic company intending to make the securities offering
and listing is currently under investigations for suspicion of criminal offenses or major violations of laws and regulations, and no conclusion
has yet been made thereof; or (5) there are material ownership disputes over equity held by the domestic company s controlling shareholder(s)
or by other shareholder(s) that are controlled by the controlling shareholder(s) and/or actual controller. 

The Overseas Listing
Trial Measures also provides that if the issuer meets both the following criteria, the overseas securities offering and listing conducted
by such issuer will be deemed as indirect overseas offering by PRC domestic companies: (1) 50 or more of any of the issuer s operating
revenue, total profit, total assets or net assets as documented in its audited consolidated financial statements for the most recent fiscal
year is accounted for by domestic companies; and (2) the issuer s main business activities are conducted in China, or its main place(s)
of business are located in China, or the majority of senior management staff in charge of its business operations and management are PRC
citizens or have their usual place(s) of residence located in China. Where an issuer submits an application for initial public offering
to competent overseas regulators, such issuer must file with the CSRC within three business days after such application is submitted.
In addition, the Overseas Listing Trial Measures provide that the direct or indirect overseas listings of the assets of domestic companies
through one or more acquisitions, share swaps, transfers or other transaction arrangements shall be subject to filing procedures in accordance
with the Overseas Listing Trial Measures. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures also requires subsequent reports to be filed with the CSRC
on material events, such as change of control or voluntary or forced delisting of the issuer(s) who have completed overseas offerings
and listings. 

At a press conference
held for these new regulations Press Conference ), officials from the CSRC clarified that the domestic companies that have
already been listed overseas on or before March 31, 2023 shall be deemed as existing issuers (the Existing Issuers ). Existing
Issuers are not required to complete the filling procedures immediately, and they shall be required to file with the CSRC upon occurrences
of certain subsequent matters such as follow-on offerings of securities. According to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and the Press
Conference, the existing domestic companies that have completed overseas offering and listing before March 31, 2023, such as us, shall
not be required to perform filing procedures for the completed overseas securities issuance and listing. However, from the effective date
of the regulation, any of our subsequent securities offering in the same overseas market or subsequent securities offering and listing
in other overseas markets shall be subject to the filing requirement with the CSRC within three working days after the offering is completed
or after the relevant application is submitted to the relevant overseas authorities, respectively. If it is determined that any approval,
filing or other administrative procedures from other PRC governmental authorities is required for any future offering or listing, we cannot
assure you that we can obtain the required approval or accomplish the required filings or other regulatory procedures in a timely manner,
or at all. If we fail to fulfill filing procedure as stipulated by the Trial Measures or offer and list securities in an overseas market
in violation of the Trial Measures, the CSRC may order rectification, issue warnings to us, and impose a fine of between RMB1,000,000
and RMB10,000,000. Persons-in-charge and other persons that are directly liable for such failure shall be warned and each imposed a fine
from RMB500,000 to RMB5,000,000. Controlling shareholders and actual controlling persons of us that organize or instruct such violations
shall be imposed a fine from RMB1,000,000 and RMB10,000,000. 

36 

On February 24,
2023, the CSRC published the Provisions on Strengthening the Confidentiality and Archives Administration Related to the Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing by Domestic Enterprises (the Provisions on Confidentiality and Archives Administration ), which came
into effect on March 31, 2023. The Provisions on Confidentiality and Archives Administration requires that, in the process of overseas
issuance and listing of securities by domestic entities, the domestic entities, and securities companies and securities service institutions
that provide relevant securities service shall strictly implement the provisions of relevant laws and regulations and the requirements
of these provisions, establish and improve rules on confidentiality and archives administration. Where the domestic entities provide
with or publicly disclose documents, materials or other items related to the state secrets and government work secrets to the relevant
securities companies, securities service institutions, overseas regulatory authorities, or other entities or individuals, the companies
shall apply for approval of competent departments with the authority of examination and approval in accordance with law and report the
matter to the secrecy administrative departments at the same level for record filing. Where there is unclear or controversial whether
or not the concerned materials are related to state secrets, the materials shall be reported to the relevant secrecy administrative departments
for determination. However, there remain uncertainties regarding the further interpretation and implementation of the Provisions on Confidentiality
and Archives Administration. 

As of the date of this
annual report, we and our PRC subsidiaries have obtain the requisite licenses and permits from the
PRC government authorities that are material for the business operations of our PRC subsidiaries. In addition, as of the date of
this annual report, we and our PRC subsidiaries are not required to obtain approval or permission
from the CSRC or the CAC or any other entity that is required to approve our PRC subsidiaries operations or required for us to
offer securities to foreign investors under any currently effective PRC laws, regulations, and regulatory rules. If it is determined
that we are subject to filing requirements imposed by the CSRC under the Overseas Listing Regulations or approvals from other PRC regulatory
authorities or other procedures, including the cybersecurity review under the revised Cybersecurity
Review Measures , for our future offshore offerings, it would be uncertain whether we can or how long it will take us to complete
such procedures or obtain such approval and any such approval could be rescinded. Any failure to obtain or delay in completing such procedures
or obtaining such approval for our offshore offerings, or a rescission of any such approval if obtained by us, would subject us to sanctions
by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities for failure to file with the CSRC or failure to seek approval from other government authorization
for our offshore offerings. These regulatory authorities may impose fines and penalties on our operations in China, limit our ability
to pay dividends outside of China, limit our operating privileges in China, delay or restrict the repatriation of the proceeds from our
offshore offerings into China or take other actions that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations, and prospects, as well as the trading price of our common stock. The CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities also may
take actions requiring us, or making it advisable for us, to halt our offshore offerings before settlement and delivery of the securities
offered. Consequently, if investors engage in market trading or other activities in anticipation of and prior to settlement and delivery,
they do so at the risk that settlement and delivery may not occur. In addition, if the CSRC or other regulatory authorities later promulgate
new rules or explanations requiring that we obtain their approvals or accomplish the required filing or other regulatory procedures for
our prior offshore offerings, we may be unable to obtain a waiver of such approval requirements, if and when procedures are established
to obtain such a waiver. Any uncertainties or negative publicity regarding such approval requirement could materially and adversely affect
our business, prospects, financial condition, reputation, and the trading price of our common stock. 

In addition, on December 28, 2021, the CAC, the
National Development and Reform Commission NDRC ), and several other administrations jointly issued the revised Measures
for Cybersecurity Review, or the Revised Review Measures, which became effective and has replaced the existing Measures for Cybersecurity
Review on February 15, 2022. According to the Revised Review Measures, if an online platform operator that is in possession
of personal data of more than one million users intends to list in a foreign country, it must apply for a cybersecurity review. Based
on a set of Q A published on the official website of the State Cipher Code Administration in connection with the issuance of the Revised
Review Measures, an official of the said administration indicated that an online platform operator should apply for a cybersecurity review
prior to the submission of its listing application with non-PRC securities regulators. Given the recency of the issuance of the Revised
Review Measures and their pending effectiveness, there is a general lack of guidance and substantial uncertainties exist with respect
to their interpretation and implementation. For example, it is unclear whether the requirement of cybersecurity review applies to follow-on
offerings by an online platform operator that is in possession of personal data of more than one million users where the
offshore holding company of such operator is already listed overseas. Furthermore, the CAC released the draft of the Regulations on Network
Data Security Management in November 2021 for public consultation, which among other things, stipulates that a data processor listed overseas
must conduct an annual data security review by itself or by engaging a data security service provider and submit the annual data security
review report for a given year to the municipal cybersecurity department before January 31 of the following year. If the draft
Regulations on Network Data Security Management are enacted in the current form, we, as an overseas listed company, will be required to
carry out an annual data security review and comply with the relevant reporting obligations. 

37 

The M A Rules and certain other PRC
regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign investors, which could make it more difficult
for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China. 

The Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of
Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, adopted by six PRC regulatory agencies in 2006 and amended in 2009, and
some other regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions established additional procedures and requirements that could make
merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time-consuming and complex, including requirements in some instances that
the anti-monopoly law enforcement agency be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor
takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise. 

For example, the M A Rules require MOFCOM
be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise,
if (i) any important industry is concerned, (ii) such transaction involves factors that impact or may impact national economic
security, or (iii) such transaction will lead to a change in control of a domestic enterprise which holds a famous trademark or PRC
time-honored brand. Moreover, the PRC Anti-Monopoly Law promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress
effective 2008 requires that transactions which are deemed concentrations and involve parties with specified turnover thresholds (i.e.,
during the previous fiscal year, (i) the total global turnover of all operators participating in the transaction exceeds RMB10 billion
and at least two of these operators each had a turnover of more than RMB400 million within China, or (ii) the total turnover
within China of all the operators participating in the concentration exceeded RMB2 billion, and at least two of these operators each
had a turnover of more than RMB400 million within China) must be cleared by the anti-monopoly enforcement authority before they can
be completed. In addition, in 2011, the General Office of the State Council promulgated a Notice on Establishing the Security Review System
for Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, also known as Circular 6, which officially established a security
review system for mergers and acquisitions of domestic enterprises by foreign investors. Further, MOFCOM promulgated the Regulations on
Implementation of Security Review System for the Merger and Acquisition of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, effective 2011,
to implement Circular 6. Under Circular 6, a security review is required for mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors having national
defense and security concerns and mergers and acquisitions by which foreign investors may acquire the de facto control 
of domestic enterprises with national security concerns. Under the foregoing MOFCOM regulations, MOFCOM will focus on the
substance and actual impact of the transaction when deciding whether a specific merger or acquisition is subject to security review. If
MOFCOM decides that a specific merger or acquisition is subject to a security review, it will submit it to the Inter-Ministerial Panel,
an authority established under Circular 6 led by the National Development and Reform Commission, and MOFCOM under the leadership of the
State Council, to carry out security review. The regulations prohibit foreign investors from bypassing the security review by structuring
transactions through trusts, indirect investments, leases, loans, control through contractual arrangements or offshore transactions. There
is no explicit provision or official interpretation stating that the merging or acquisition of a company engaged in the internet content
business requires security review, and there is no requirement that acquisitions completed prior to the promulgation of the Security Review
Circular are subject to MOFCOM review. 

In the future, we may grow our business by acquiring
complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements of the above-mentioned regulations and other relevant rules to complete such
transactions could be time consuming, and any required approval processes, including obtaining approval from MOFCOM or its local counterparts
may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions. We believe that it is unlikely that our business would be deemed to be
in an industry that raises national defense and security or national security concerns. However, MOFCOM or
other government agencies may publish explanations in the future determining that our business is in an industry subject to the security
review, in which case our future acquisitions in China, including those by way of entering into contractual control arrangements with
target entities, may be closely scrutinized or prohibited. 

38 

Adverse changes in political and economic
policies of the PRC government could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China, which could materially and
adversely affect the demand for our projects and our business . 

Currently, all of our operations are conducted
in China. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are affected significantly by economic,
political and legal developments in China. The PRC economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including: 

the amount of government involvement; 

the level of development; 

the growth rate; 

the control of foreign exchange; and 

the allocation of resources. 

While the PRC economy has grown significantly
since the late 1970s, the growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. The PRC government has
implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures benefit the overall
PRC economy, but may also have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely
affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are applicable to us. 

The PRC economy has been transitioning from a
planned economy to a more market-oriented economy. Although the PRC government has in recent years implemented measures emphasizing the
utilization of market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets and the establishment of sound
corporate governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of the productive assets in China is still owned by the PRC government.
The continued control of these assets and other aspects of the national economy by the PRC government could materially and adversely affect
our business. The PRC government also exercises significant control over economic growth in China through the allocation of resources,
controlling payment of foreign currency- denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular
industries or companies. Efforts by the PRC government to slow the pace of growth of the PRC economy could result in decreased capital
expenditure by energy users, which in turn could reduce demand for our products. In addition, the PRC government, which regulates the
power industry in China, has adopted laws related to renewable energy, and has adopted policies for the accelerated development of renewable
energy as part of a Development Plan promulgated on August 31, 2007. 

39 

Any adverse change in the economic conditions
or government policies in China could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth and the level of energy investments
and expenditures in China, which in turn could lead to a reduction in demand for our products and consequently have a material adverse
effect on our business and prospects. 

Restrictions under PRC law on our subsidiaries 
ability to make dividends and other distributions could materially and adversely affect our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions
that could benefit our business, pay dividends to you, and otherwise fund and conduct our business . 

We conduct all of our business through our consolidated
subsidiaries and affiliated companies operating in the PRC. We rely on dividends paid by these consolidated subsidiaries for our cash
needs, including the funds necessary to pay any dividends and other cash distributions to our stockholders, to service any debt we may
incur and to pay our operating expenses. The payment of dividends by entities established in the PRC is subject to limitations imposed
by government regulations. Regulations in the PRC currently permit payment of dividends only out of accumulated profits as determined
in accordance with accounting standards and regulations in the PRC, subject to certain statutory procedural requirements and these may
not be calculated in the same manner as US GAAP. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside a certain amount
of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund certain statutory reserves. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends.
Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in China incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict
their ability to pay dividends or make other payments to us. Any limitations on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to transfer funds
to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business,
pay dividends and otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

Fluctuation in the value of the Renminbi may have a material
adverse effect on your investment . 

The value of the Renminbi RMB against the US Dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in China s political and
economic conditions. The conversion of RMB into foreign currencies, including US Dollars, has historically been set by the People s
Bank of China( PBOC ). On March 17, 2014, the PRC government changed its policy of pegging the value of the RMB to the US
Dollar. Under the new policy, the RMB is permitted to fluctuate within a band against a basket of certain foreign currencies, determined
by the Bank of China, against which it can rise or fall by as much as 2 each day. Since the adoption of this new policy, the value of
the RMB against the US Dollar has fluctuated on a daily basis within narrow ranges, but overall has strengthened against the US Dollar.
There remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to further liberalize its currency policy, which could result in
a further and more significant appreciation in the value of the RMB against the US Dollar. Appreciation or depreciation in the value of
the RMB relative to the US Dollar would affect our financial results reported in US Dollar terms even if there is no underlying change
in our business or results of operations. In addition, if we decide to convert our RMB into US Dollars for the purpose of making payments
for dividends on our common stock or for other business purposes, appreciation of the US Dollar against the RMB would have a negative
effect on the US Dollar amount available to us. 

The PRC currency is not a freely convertible
currency, which could limit our ability to obtain sufficient foreign currency to support our business operations in the future. In addition,
changes in foreign exchange regulations in the PRC may affect our ability to pay dividends in foreign currency or conduct other foreign
exchange business . 

The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility
of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of the PRC. We receive substantially all of our revenues
in RMB, which is currently not a freely convertible currency. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict our ability
to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends, or otherwise satisfy foreign currency-denominated obligations. Under existing PRC
foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures from
the transaction, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or the
SAFE, by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, approval from appropriate governmental authorities is required where
RMB are to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of bank loans denominated
in foreign currencies. 

The PRC government may also at its discretion
restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents
us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be able to pay certain of our expenses as they
come due. 

40 

We may be exposed to liabilities under the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Chinese anti-corruption law. 

We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act, or FCPA, and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political
parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also subject
to Chinese anti-corruption laws, which strictly prohibit the payment of bribes to government officials. We have operations, agreements
with third parties, and make sales in China, which may experience corruption. Our activities in China create the risk of unauthorized
payments or offers of payments by one of the employees, consultants or distributors of our company, because these parties are not always
subject to our control. We are in process of implementing an anticorruption program, which prohibits the offering or giving of anything
of value to foreign officials, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. The anticorruption program
also requires that clauses mandating compliance with our policy be included in all contracts with foreign sales agents, sales consultants
and distributors and that they certify their compliance with our policy annually. It further requires that all hospitality involving promotion
of sales to foreign governments and government-owned or controlled entities be in accordance with specified guidelines. In the meantime,
we believe to date we have complied in all material respects with the provisions of the FCPA and Chinese anti-corruption law. 

However, our existing safeguards and any future
improvements may prove to be less than effective, and the employees, consultants or distributors of our Company may engage in conduct
for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA or Chinese anti-corruption law may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions,
and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In
addition, the government may seek to hold our Company liable for successor liability FCPA violations committed by companies in which we
invest or that we acquire. 

Substantial uncertainties exist with respect
to the interpretation and implementation of PRC Foreign Investment Law and how it may impact the viability of our current corporate structure,
corporate governance and business operations 

The Ministry of Commerce published a discussion
draft of the proposed Foreign Investment Law in January 2015, or the 2015 FIL Draft, which expands the definition of foreign investment
and introduces the principle of actual control in determining whether a company is considered a foreign-invested enterprise,
or an FIE. 

On March 15, 2019, the National People s
Congress approved the Foreign Investment Law, which took effect on January 1, 2020 and replaced three existing laws on foreign investments
in China, namely, the PRC Equity Joint Venture Law, the PRC Cooperative Joint Venture Law and the Wholly Foreign-owned Enterprise Law,
together with their implementation rules and ancillary regulations. The Foreign Investment Law embodies an expected PRC regulatory trend
to rationalize its foreign investment regulatory regime in line with prevailing international practice and the legislative efforts to
unify the corporate legal requirements for both foreign and domestic invested enterprises in China. The Foreign Investment Law establishes
the basic framework for the access to, and the promotion, protection and administration of foreign investments in view of investment protection
and fair competition. 

According to the Foreign Investment Law, foreign
investment refers to investment activities directly or indirectly conducted by one or more natural persons, business entities,
or otherwise organizations of a foreign country (collectively referred to as foreign investor within China, and the investment
activities include the following situations: (i) a foreign investor, individually or collectively with other investors, establishes a
foreign-invested enterprise within China; (ii) a foreign investor acquires stock shares, equity shares, shares in assets, or other like
rights and interests of an enterprise within China; (iii) a foreign investor, individually or collectively with other investors, invests
in a new project within China; and (iv) investments in other means as provided by laws, administrative regulations, or the State Council. 

41 

According to the Foreign Investment Law, the State
Council will publish or approve to publish the negative list for special administrative measures concerning foreign investment.
The Foreign Investment Law grants national treatment to foreign-invested entities, or FIEs, except for those FIEs that operate in industries
deemed to be either restricted or prohibited in the negative list . Because the negative
list has yet to be published, it is unclear whether it will differ from the current Special Administrative Measures for Market
Access of Foreign Investment (Negative List). The Foreign Investment Law provides that FIEs operating in foreign restricted or prohibited
industries will require market entry clearance and other approvals from relevant PRC governmental authorities. If a foreign investor is
found to invest in any prohibited industry in the negative list , such foreign investor may be required to, among other aspects,
cease its investment activities, dispose of its equity interests or assets within a prescribed time limit and have its income confiscated.
If the investment activity of a foreign investor is in breach of any special administrative measure for restrictive access provided for
in the negative list , the relevant competent department shall order the foreign investor to make corrections and take necessary
measures to meet the requirements of the special administrative measure for restrictive access. 

The PRC government will establish a foreign investment
information reporting system, according to which foreign investors or foreign-invested enterprises shall submit investment information
to the competent department for commerce concerned through the enterprise registration system and the enterprise credit information publicity
system, and a security review system under which the security review shall be conducted for foreign investment affecting or likely affecting
the state security. 

Furthermore, the Foreign Investment Law provides
that foreign invested enterprises established according to the existing laws regulating foreign investment may maintain their structure
and corporate governance within five years after the implementing of the Foreign Investment Law. 

In addition, the Foreign Investment Law also provides
several protective rules and principles for foreign investors and their investments in the PRC, including, among others, that a foreign
investor may freely transfer into or out of China, in Renminbi or a foreign currency, its contributions, profits, capital gains, income
from disposition of assets, royalties of intellectual property rights, indemnity or compensation lawfully acquired, and income from liquidation,
among others, within China; local governments shall abide by their commitments to the foreign investors; governments at all levels and
their departments shall enact local normative documents concerning foreign investment in compliance with laws and regulations and shall
not impair legitimate rights and interests, impose additional obligations onto FIEs, set market access restrictions and exit conditions,
or intervene with the normal production and operation activities of FIEs; except for special circumstances, in which case statutory procedures
shall be followed and fair and reasonable compensation shall be made in a timely manner, expropriation or requisition of the investment
of foreign investors is prohibited; and mandatory technology transfer is prohibited. 

Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law,
or the EIT Law, we may be classified as a resident enterprise of China, which could result in unfavorable tax consequences
to us and our non-PRC shareholders. 

The EIT Law and its implementing rules provide
that enterprises established outside of China whose de facto management bodies are located in China are considered resident
enterprises under PRC tax laws. The implementing rules promulgated under the EIT Law define the term de facto management
bodies as a management body which substantially manages, or has control over the business, personnel, finance and assets of an
enterprise. In April 2009, the State Administration of Taxation, or SAT, issued the Circular on Issues Concerning the Identification of
Chinese-Controlled Overseas Registered Enterprises as Resident Enterprises in Accordance With the Actual Standards of Organizational Management,
known as Circular 82, which has provided certain specific criteria for determining whether the de facto management bodies 
of a PRC-controlled enterprise that is incorporated offshore is located in China. However, there are no further detailed rules or precedents
governing the procedures and specific criteria for determining de facto management body. Although our board of directors
and management are located in Hong Kong, it is unclear if the PRC tax authorities will determine that we should be classified as a PRC
 resident enterprise. 

42 

If we are deemed as a PRC resident enterprise, 
we will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on our worldwide income at a uniform tax rate of 25 , although dividends distributed to
us from our existing PRC subsidiary and any other PRC subsidiaries which we may establish from time to time could be exempt from the PRC
dividend withholding tax due to our PRC resident recipient status. This could have a material and adverse effect on our
overall effective tax rate, our income tax expenses and our net income. Furthermore, dividends, if any, paid to our shareholders may be
decreased as a result of the decrease in distributable profits. In addition, if we were considered a PRC resident enterprise ,
any dividends we pay to our non-PRC investors, and the gains realized from the transfer of our common stock may be considered income derived
from sources within the PRC and be subject to PRC tax, at a rate of 10 in the case of non-PRC enterprises or 20 in the case of non-PRC
individuals (in each case, subject to the provisions of any applicable tax treaty). It is unclear whether holders of our common stock
would be able to claim the benefits of any tax treaties between their country of tax residence and the PRC in the event that we are treated
as a PRC resident enterprise. This could have a material and adverse effect on the value of your investment in us and the price of our
common stock. 

PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment
by offshore holding companies in PRC entities may delay or prevent us from making loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC
operating companies, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and ability to fund and expand our business . 

As an offshore holding company of PRC operating
companies, we may make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC operating companies. Any loans to our PRC operating companies
are subject to PRC regulations. For example, loans to our operating companies in China to finance their activities may not exceed statutory
limits and must be registered with SAFE. If we decide to make capital contributions to our operating entities in the PRC, the PRC Ministry
of Commerce, or MOFCOM, (or MOFCOM s local counterpart, depending on the amount involved) may need to approve these capital contributions.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain these government approvals on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to any such
capital contributions. If we fail to receive such approvals, our ability to capitalize our PRC operations may be negatively affected,
which could adversely affect our ability to fund and expand our business. 

We may face PRC regulatory risks relating
to our equity incentive plan . 

On March 28, 2007, the SAFE promulgated a notice
requiring PRC individuals who are granted stock options and other types of stock-based awards by an overseas publicly-listed company to
obtain approval from the local SAFE branch through an agent of the overseas publicly-listed company (generally its PRC subsidiary or a
financial institution). 

We urged our PRC management personnel, directors,
employees and consultants who were granted stock options under our Incentive Plan to register them with the local SAFE pursuant to the
said regulation. However, we cannot ensure that each of these individuals have carried out all of the required registration procedures. 

If we, or any of these persons, fail to comply
with the relevant rules or requirements, we may be subject to penalties, and may become subject to more stringent review and approval
processes with respect to our foreign exchange activities, such as our PRC subsidiaries dividend payment to us or borrowing foreign
currency loans, all of which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal
system could adversely affect us and we may have limited legal recourse under PRC law if disputes arise under our contracts with third
parties . 

Since 1979, PRC legislation and regulations have
significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China. However, China has not developed a fully
integrated legal system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in China
in particular, because these laws and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited volume of published decisions and their
non-binding nature, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve uncertainties. In addition, the PRC legal
system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all) that may
have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until some time after violation. 

The Chinese government has enacted some laws and
regulations dealing with matters such as corporate organization and governance, foreign investment, commerce, taxation and trade. However,
their experience in implementing, interpreting and enforcing these laws and regulations is limited, and our ability to enforce commercial
claims or to resolve commercial disputes is unpredictable. The resolution of these matters may be subject to the exercise of considerable
discretion by agencies of the Chinese government, and forces unrelated to the legal merits of a particular matter or dispute may influence
their determination. Any rights we may have to specific performance, or to seek an injunction under PRC law, in either of these cases,
are severely limited, and without a means of recourse by virtue of the Chinese legal system, we may be unable to prevent others from violating
our rights. The occurrence of any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

43 

We may have difficulty maintaining adequate management, legal
and financial controls in the PRC . 

The PRC historically has been deficient in western
style management and financial reporting concepts and practices, as well as in modern banking, and other control systems. We may have
difficulty in hiring and retaining a sufficient number of qualified employees to work in the PRC. As a result of these factors, and especially
since we are a publicly listed company in the U.S. and subject to regulation as such, we may experience difficulty in maintaining management,
legal and financial controls, collecting financial data and preparing financial statements, books of account and corporate records and
instituting business practices that meet western standards. We may have difficulty establishing adequate management, legal and financial
controls in the PRC. Therefore, we may, in turn, experience difficulties in implementing and maintaining adequate internal controls as
required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or SOX 404, and other applicable laws, rules and regulations. This may result
in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls which could impact the reliability of our financial statements
and prevent us from complying with SEC rules and regulations and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Any such deficiencies,
weaknesses or lack of compliance could have a materially adverse effect on our business and the market price of our stock. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results or prevent fraud may be
adversely affected and investor confidence and the market price of our common stock may be adversely impacted . 

As directed by SOX 404, the SEC adopted rules
requiring public companies to include a report of management on the company s internal controls over financial reporting in their
annual reports. Our management may conclude that our internal controls over our financial reporting are not effective, which could result
in an adverse reaction in the financial marketplace due to a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our reporting processes,
which could adversely impact the market price of our common stock. 

Your ability to bring an action against
us or against our directors and officers, or to enforce a judgment against us or them, will be limited because we conduct substantially
all of our operations in the PRC and because the majority of our directors and officers reside outside of the United States . 

We are a Nevada corporation but nearly all of
our assets are located outside of the U.S. Most of our current operations are conducted in the PRC. In addition, most of our directors
and officers are nationals and residents of the PRC. A substantial portion of the assets of these persons is located outside the U.S.
As a result, it may be difficult for you to effect service of process within the U.S. upon these persons. It may also be difficult for
you to enforce in U.S. courts judgments on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers
and directors. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts.
The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided for under the PRC Civil Procedures Law . Courts in the PRC
may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements of the PRC Civil Procedures Law based
on treaties between the PRC and the country where the judgment is made or on reciprocity between jurisdictions. The PRC does not have
any treaties or other arrangements that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments with the U.S In addition,
according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law , courts in the PRC will not enforce a foreign judgment against us or our directors
and officers if they decide that the judgment violates basic principles of PRC law or national sovereignty, security or the public interest.
So it is uncertain whether a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the U.S. 

A failure by our stockholders or beneficial
owners who are PRC residents to comply with certain PRC foreign exchange regulations could restrict our ability to distribute profits,
restrict our overseas and cross-border investment activities or subject us to liability under PRC laws, which could adversely affect our
business and financial condition . 

On October 21, 2005, SAFE issued the Notice on
Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Administration for PRC Residents Engaging in Financing and Roundtrip Investments via Offshore
Special Purpose Vehicles, or State Administration of Foreign Exchange of China SAFE Circular 75. SAFE Circular 75 states
that PRC residents (including both legal persons and natural persons) must register with SAFE or its local branch in connection with their
establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas equity financing involving a roundtrip investment
whereby the offshore entity acquires or controls onshore assets or equity interests held by the PRC residents. In addition, such PRC residents
must update their SAFE registrations when the offshore SPV undergoes material events relating to increases or decreases in investment
amount, transfers or exchanges of shares, mergers or divisions, long-term equity or debt investments, external guarantees, or other material
events that do not involve roundtrip investments. To further clarify the implementation of SAFE Circular 75, the General Affairs Department
of SAFE issued SAFE Circular 106 on May 29, 2007. Under SAFE Circular 106, PRC subsidiaries of an offshore company governed by SAFE Circular
75 are required to coordinate and supervise the filing of SAFE registrations in a timely manner by the offshore holding company s
shareholders who are PRC residents. If these shareholders fail to comply, the PRC subsidiaries are required to report to the local SAFE
authorities. If our shareholders who are PRC residents do not complete their registration with the local SAFE authorities, our PRC subsidiaries
will be prohibited from distributing their profits and proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to us, and
we may be restricted in our ability to contribute additional capital to our PRC subsidiaries. 

44 

On July 14, 2014, SAFE promulgated the Circular
Relating to Foreign Exchange Administration of Offshore Investment, Financing and Return Investment by Domestic Residents Utilizing Special
Purpose Vehicles (Circular 37). Replacing an earlier circular published by SAFE in 2005 (Circular 75), Circular 37 further simplifies
the registration process for Chinese residents seeking the round- trip investment transactions where Chinese companies (Domestic Entities)
are re-organized to create an offshore holding company (the SPV) that will control the Domestic Entities and seek offshore financing.
Also, for the first time overseas investments by Chinese individuals are formally legalized under Circular 37. 

We are committed to complying, and to ensuring
that our shareholders, who are PRC residents, comply with the SAFE Circular 37 requirements. We believe that all of our PRC resident shareholders
and beneficial owners have completed their required registrations with SAFE, or are otherwise in the process of registering. However,
we may not at all times be fully aware or informed of the identities of all our beneficial owners who are PRC residents, and we may not
always be able to compel our beneficial owners to comply with the SAFE Circular 37 requirements. As a result, we cannot assure you that
all of our shareholders or beneficial owners who are PRC residents will at all times comply with, or in the future make or obtain any
applicable registrations or approvals required by, SAFE Circular 37 or other related regulations. Failure by any such shareholders or
beneficial owners to comply with SAFE Circular 37 could subject us to fines or legal sanctions, restrict our overseas or cross-border
investment activities, limit our subsidiaries ability to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure,
which could adversely affect our business and prospects. 

Our labor costs may increase due to the implementation of the
new PRC Labor Contract Law . 

The PRC Labor Contract Law was adopted by the
Standing Committee of the National People s Congress of PRC in June 2007 and became effective on January 1, 2008. The Implementation
Rules of the PRC Labor Contract Law were passed by the PRC State Council in September 2008 and became effective that same month. The implementation
of the new law and its Implementation Rules, particularly the following provisions, may increase our labor costs: (a) an employer shall
make monetary compensation, which shall be based on the number of an employee s working years with the employer at the rate of one
month s wage for each year, to the employee upon termination of an employment contract with certain exceptions (for example, in
circumstances where the term of a fixed-term employment contract expires and the employee does not agree to renew the contract even though
the conditions offered by the employer are the same as or better than those stipulated in the current contract); (b) the wages of an employee
who is on probation may not be less than the lowest wage level for the same job with the employer or less than 80 of the wage agreed
upon in the employment contract, and may not be less than the local minimum wage rate; (c) if an employee has been working for the employer
for a consecutive period of not less than 10 years, or if a fixed-term employment contract with an employee was entered into on two consecutive
occasions, generally the employer should enter into an open-ended employment contract with such employee, unless the employee requests
a fixed-term employment contract; (d) if an employer fails, in violation of the related provisions, to enter into an open-ended employment
contract with an employee, it shall in each month pay to the employee twice his/her wage, starting from the date on which an open-ended
employment contract should have been entered into; (e) if an employer fails to enter into a written employment contract with an employee
more than one month but less than one year after the date on which it started employing him/her, it shall in each month pay to the employee
twice his/her wage; and (f) if an employer hires an employee whose employment contract with another employer has not yet been terminated
or ended, causing the other employer to suffer a loss, the later hiring employer shall be jointly and severally liable with the employee
for the compensation for such loss. Our labor costs may increase due to the implementation of the new PRC Labor Contract Law and the Implementation
Rules of the PRC Labor Contract Law and our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

45 

The Opinions recently
issued by the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council may
subject us to additional compliance requirement in the future. 

July 2021, the General
Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions.
The Opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings
by China-based companies. These opinions proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory
systems, to deal with the risks and incidents facing China-based overseas-listed companies and the demand for cybersecurity and data privacy
protection. The aforementioned policies and any related implementation rules to be enacted may subject us to additional compliance requirement
in the future. As the Opinions were recently issued, official guidance and interpretation of the Opinions remain unclear in several respects
at this time. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we will remain fully compliant with all new regulatory requirements of the Opinions
or any future implementation rules on a timely basis, or at all. 

The recent joint statement by the SEC and
PCAOB, proposed rule changes submitted by Nasdaq, and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act all call for additional and more stringent
criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors
who are not inspected by the PCAOB. These developments could add uncertainties to our offering. 

On April 21, 2020, SEC Chairman Jay Clayton and
PCAOB Chairman William D. Duhnke III, along with other senior SEC staff, released a joint statement highlighting the risks associated
with investing in companies based in or have substantial operations in emerging markets including China. The joint statement emphasized
the risks associated with lack of access for the PCAOB to inspect auditors and audit work papers in China and higher risks of fraud in
emerging markets. 

On May 18, 2020, Nasdaq filed three proposals
with the SEC to (i) apply minimum offering size requirement for companies primarily operating in Restrictive Market , (ii)
adopt a new requirement relating to the qualification of management or board of director for Restrictive Market companies, and (iii) apply
additional and more stringent criteria to an applicant or listed company based on the qualifications of the company s auditors. 

On May 20, 2020, the U.S. Senate passed the HFCAA
requiring a foreign company to certify it is not owned or controlled by a foreign government if the PCAOB is unable to audit specified
reports because the company uses a foreign auditor not subject to PCAOB inspection. If the PCAOB is unable to inspect the Company s
auditors for three consecutive years, the issuer s securities are prohibited to trade on a U.S. stock exchange. On December 2, 2020,
the U.S. House of Representatives approved the HFCAA. On December 18, 2020, the HFCAA was signed into law. 

On March 24, 2021, the SEC announced that it had
adopted interim final amendments to implement congressionally mandated submission and disclosure requirements of the Act. The interim
final amendments will apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report on Forms 10-K, 20-F, 40-F or N-CSR
with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB has determined
it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in that jurisdiction. The SEC will implement
a process for identifying such a registrant and any such identified registrant will be required to submit documentation to the SEC establishing
that it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in that foreign jurisdiction, and will also require disclosure in the registrant s
annual report regarding the audit arrangements of, and governmental influence on, such a registrant. 

On
June 22, 2021, the U.S Senate has passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which was signed into law on December
29, 2022, amending the HFCAA and requiring the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchange if
its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three consecutive years. 

On September 22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted a final
rule implementing the HFCAA, which provides a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as contemplated under the HFCAA, whether
the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because
of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. 

On December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments
to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. The rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies
as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction
and that PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in foreign jurisdictions. 

46 

On December 16, 2021, SEC announced that the PCAOB
designated China and Hong Kong as the jurisdictions where the PCAOB is not allowed to conduct full and complete audit inspections as mandated
under the HFCAA. The Company s auditor, Kreit Chiu, is based in New York, New York, and therefore is not affected by this
mandate by the PCAOB. 

On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB announced
that it had signed a Statement of Protocol (the Statement of Protocol with the CSRC and the Ministry of Finance of China.
The terms of the Statement of Protocol would grant the PCAOB complete access to audit work papers and other information so that
it may inspect and investigate PCAOB-registered accounting firms headquartered in China and Hong Kong. 

On December 15, 2022, the
PCAOB announced that it was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered
in mainland China and Hong Kong completely in 2022. The PCAOB Board vacated its previous 2021 determinations that the PCAOB was unable
to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong. However, whether
the PCAOB will continue to be able to satisfactorily conduct inspections of PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in
mainland China and Hong Kong is subject to uncertainties and depends on a number of factors out of our and our auditor s control.
The PCAOB continues to demand complete access in mainland China and Hong Kong moving forward and is making plans to resume regular inspections
in early 2023 and beyond, as well as to continue pursuing ongoing investigations and initiate new investigations as needed. The PCAOB
has also indicated that it will act immediately to consider the need to issue new determinations with the HFCAA if needed. 

The lack of access to the PCAOB inspection in
China prevents the PCAOB from fully evaluating audits and quality control procedures of the auditors based in China. As a result, the
investors may be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors in
China makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of these accounting firms audit procedures or quality control procedures
as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to the PCAOB inspections, which could cause existing and potential investors
in our stock to lose confidence in our audit procedures and reported financial information and the quality of our financial statements. 

Kreit Chiu, the independent registered public
accounting firm that issues the audit report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included elsewhere in this annual report.
As an auditor of companies that are traded publicly in the U.S. and a firm registered with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the U.S. pursuant
to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to assess such auditor s compliance with the applicable professional standards.
Kreit Chiu is headquartered in New York, New York, and is subject to inspection by the PCAOB on a regular basis. Therefore, we believe
Kreit Chiu are not subject to the determinations as to the inability to inspect or investigate registered firms announced by the
PCAOB on December 16, 2021. 

However, recent developments with respect to audits
of China-based companies create uncertainty about the ability of Kreit Chiu to fully cooperate with the PCAOB s request for
audit workpapers without the approval of the Chinese authorities. We cannot assure you whether Nasdaq or regulatory authorities would
apply additional and more stringent criteria to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality
control procedures, adequacy of personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience as it relates to the
audit of our financial statements. In the event it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely the
Company s auditor because of a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction, then such lack of inspection could cause
trading in the Company s securities to be prohibited under the HFCAA ultimately result in a determination by a securities exchange
to delist the Company s securities. It remains unclear what the SEC s implementation process related to the above rules will
entail or what further actions the SEC, the PCAOB or Nasdaq will take to address these issues and what impact those actions will have
on U.S. companies that have significant operations in the PRC and have securities listed on a U.S. stock exchange. In addition, the above
amendments and any additional actions, proceedings, or new rules resulting from these efforts to increase U.S. regulatory access
to audit information could create some uncertainty for investors, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected, and
we could be delisted if we and our auditor are unable to meet the PCAOB inspection requirement or being required to engage a new audit
firm, which would require significant expense and management time. 

47 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 

The market price for our common stock may be volatile . 

Our common stock may be subject to extreme
volatility that is seemingly unrelated to the underlying performance of our business. In particular, our common stock may be subject
to rapid and substantial price volatility, low volumes of trades and large spreads in bid and ask prices, given that we will have
relatively small public floats after this offering. Such volatility, including any stock-run up, may be unrelated to our actual or
expected operating performance, financial condition or prospects. The market price for our common stock is highly volatile and
subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors including the following: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results; 

announcements of new services by us or our competitors; 

announcements by our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

changes in financial estimates by securities analysts; 

conditions in the energy recycling market; 

changes in the economic performance or market valuations of other companies involved in the same industry; 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretation or principles; 

loss of external funding sources; 

failure to maintain compliance with Nasdaq listing rules; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

potential litigation; 

conditions in the market; or 

relatively small size of shares of our common stock available for purchase. 

In addition, the securities markets from time
to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance of particular companies.
These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Holders of our common stock may
also not be able to readily liquidate their investment or may be forced to sell at depressed prices due to low volume trading. Broad market
fluctuations and general economic and political conditions may also adversely affect the market price of our common stock. As a result
of this volatility, investors may experience losses on their investment in our common stock. Furthermore, the potential extreme volatility
may confuse the public investors of the value of our stock, distort the market perception of our stock price and our company s financial
performance and public image, negatively affect the long-term liquidity of our common stock, regardless of our actual or expected operating
performance. If we encounter such volatility, including any rapid stock price increases and declines seemingly unrelated to our actual
or expected operating performance and financial condition or prospects, it will likely make it difficult and confusing for prospective
investors to assess the rapidly changing value of our common stock and understand the value thereof. 

Shareholders could experience substantial dilution . 

We may issue additional shares of our capital
stock to raise additional cash for working capital. If we issue additional shares of our capital stock, our shareholders will experience
dilution in their respective percentage ownership in the company. 

We have no present intention to pay dividends . 

We have not paid dividends or made other cash
distributions on our common stock during any of the past three years, and we do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable
future. We intend to retain any future earnings for working capital and to finance current operations and expansion of our business. 

48 

A large portion of our common stock is controlled
by a small number of shareholders . 

A large portion of our common stock is held by
a small number of shareholders. As a result, these shareholders are able to influence the outcome of shareholder votes on various matters,
including the election of directors and extraordinary corporate transactions including business combinations. In addition, the occurrence
of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock, or the perception that these sales could occur, may affect our stock price and
could impair our ability to obtain capital through an offering of equity securities. Furthermore, the current ratios of ownership of our
common stock reduce the public float and liquidity of our common stock which can in turn affect the market price of our common stock. 

We may be unable to maintain compliance
with Nasdaq Marketplace Rules which could cause our common stock to be delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market. This could result in the
lack of a market for our common stock, cause a decrease in the value of our common stock, and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Under the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules our common
stock must maintain a minimum price of 1.00 per share for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The per share price of our
common stock has fluctuated significantly. We cannot guarantee that our stock price will remain at or above 1.00 per share and if the
price again drops below 1.00 per share, the stock could become subject to delisting. If our common stock is delisted, trading of the
stock will most likely take place on an over-the-counter market established for unlisted securities. An investor is likely to find it
less convenient to sell, or to obtain accurate quotations in seeking to buy, our common stock on an over-the-counter market, and many
investors may not buy or sell our common stock due to difficulty in accessing over-the-counter markets, or due to policies preventing
them from trading in securities not listed on a national exchange or other reasons. For these reasons and others, delisting would adversely
affect the liquidity, trading volume and price of our common stock, causing the value of an investment in us to decrease and having an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations by limiting our ability to attract and retain qualified
executives and employees and limiting our ability to raise capital. 

Previously, we received letters from the Listing
Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq indicating that, because the Company has not yet filed
its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Qs for the period ended March
31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, the Company does not comply with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) for continued listing. The Company had until
October 12, 2022 to file all delinquent filings and regain compliance. On October 12, 2022, the
Company received a notice of delinquency compliance from Nasdaq indicating that, based on the filings of its Form 10-Qs for the periods
ended March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022 on October 11, 2022, Nasdaq has determined that the Company complies with the Rule. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently lease one office space in Xi an,
which is located at 4/F, Block C, Rong Cheng Yun Gu Building, Keji 3rd Road, Xi an, PRC. The average monthly rent for our office
locations was 5,669 in 2022 and 5,509 in 2021. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may be subject to legal
proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings, and to our
knowledge none is threatened. There can be no assurance that future legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise
will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

49 

In November 2019, Beijing Hongyuan Recycling Energy
Investment Center, or Hongyuan, filed a lawsuit with the Beijing Intermediate People s Court against Xi an TCH to compel Xi an
TCH to repurchase certain stocks pursuant to a stock repurchase option agreement. On April 9, 2021, the court rendered a judgment in favor
of Hongyuan. Xi an TCH filed a motion for retrial to High People s Court of Beijing on April 13, 2022, on the basis that Xi an
TCH has already paid RMB 267 million to Hongyuan as an out-of-court settlement. On August 10, 2022, Beijing No.1 Intermediate People s
Court of Beijing issued a Certificate of Active Performance, proving that Xi an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. had fulfilled
its buyback obligations. As the date of this annual report, Beijing No.1 Intermediate People s Court of Beijing has entered the
judgment enforcement procedure. There is a difference between the amount executed by the Court and the debt admitted by Xi an TCH.
Such difference is due to the valid judgement amount should be carried on until its revoked. Thus Xi an TCH should pay judgment
enforcement fees, late fees and other fees, RMB 14,204,317.3 in total. 

On April 9, 2021, Xi an TCH, Xi an
Zhonghong, Guohua Ku, Chonggong Bai and HYREF entered a Termination of Fulfillment Agreement (termination agreement). Under the termination
agreement, the original buyback agreement entered on December 19, 2019 was terminated upon signing of the termination agreement. HYREF
will not execute the buy-back option and will not ask for any additional payment from the buyers other than keeping the CDQ WHPG station. 

On June 28, 2021, Beijing No.4 Intermediate People s
Court of Beijing entered into a judgement that Xi an Zhonghong Technology Co., Ltd. should pay the loan principal of RMB 77 million
with loan interest of RMB 2,418,229.92 to Beijiang Hongyuan Recycling Energy Investment Center (Limited Partnership). In the end of 2022,
Beijing No.4 Intermediate People s Court of Beijing entered into the judgment enforcement procedure, which, in addition to the loan
principal with interest amount, Xi an Zhonghong Technology Co., Ltd. was to pay judgment enforcement fee, late fee and other fees
of RMB 80,288,184 in total. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

50 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our common stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq
Capital Market under the symbol CREG. On May 5, 2023, the last reported sales price for our common stock was 1.55 per share,
and there were 7,633,533 shares of our common stock outstanding, held by approximately 2,726 shareholders of record. 

Dividend Policy 

We did not pay any cash dividends on our common
stock in 2022. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain
future earnings, if any, to finance operations and the expansion of our business. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

As of December 31, 2022, there are no recent sales of unregistered
securities.. Certain information previously disclosed in prior quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or in current reports on Form 8-K we filed
has not been furnished in this annual report. 

Shares Issued for Stock Compensation 

None. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

2015 Plan 

In June of 2015, the stockholders of the Company
approved the China Recycling Energy Corporation Omnibus Equity Plan (the 2015 Equity Plan at its annual meeting. The total
aggregate shares of common stock authorized for issuance during the term of the 2015 Equity Plan is 124,6,26 shares of the Company s
authorized shares of common stock, as adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split, effected on April 13, 2020. The 2015 Equity Plan will terminate
on the earliest to occur of (i) the 10th anniversary of the Equity Plan s effective date, or (ii) the date on which all shares available
for issuance under the Equity Plan shall have been issued as fully-vested shares. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED]. 

Not applicable. 

51 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This quarterly report on Form 10-K and other
reports filed by the Company from time to time with the SEC (collectively the Filings contain or may contain forward-looking
statements and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, Company s management as well
as estimates and assumptions made by Company s management. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. When used in the filings, the words may , will ,
 should , would , anticipate , believe , estimate , expect ,
 future , intend , plan , or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate
to Company or Company s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current view of Company with
respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors (including the statements in the section
 results of operations below), and any businesses that Company may acquire. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed,
estimated, expected, intended, or planned. 

Although the Company believes the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, the Company cannot guarantee future results, levels of
activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, the
Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. Readers are urged
to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of annual report, which attempts to advise interested
parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Our financial statements are prepared in US
Dollars and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. See Foreign Currency Translation
and Comprehensive Income (Loss) below for information concerning the exchange rates at which Renminbi RMB were
translated into US Dollars USD at various pertinent dates and for pertinent periods. 

OVERVIEW 

The Company was incorporated on May 8, 1980 as
Boulder Brewing Company under the laws of the State of Colorado. On September 6, 2001, the Company changed its state of incorporation
to the State of Nevada. In 2004, the Company changed its name from Boulder Brewing Company to China Digital Wireless, Inc. and on March
8, 2007, again changed its name from China Digital Wireless, Inc. to its current name, China Recycling Energy Corporation. On March 3,
2022, the Company changed its name to Smart Powerr Corp. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides energy saving solutions and services,
including selling and leasing energy saving systems and equipment to customers, project investment, investment management, economic information
consulting, technical services, financial leasing, purchase of financial leasing assets, disposal and repair of financial leasing assets,
consulting and ensuring of financial leasing transactions in the Peoples Republic of China PRC ). 

The Company is in the process of transforming
and expanding into an energy storage integrated solution provider. We plan to pursue disciplined and targeted expansion strategies for
market areas we currently do not serve. We actively seek and explore opportunities to apply energy storage technologies to new industries
or segments with high growth potential, including industrial and commercial complexes, large scale photovoltaic PV and
wind power stations, remote islands without electricity, and cities with multi-energy supplies. 

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus
(COVID-19) was reported, and the World Health Organization declared the outbreak to constitute a Public Health Emergency of International
Concern. This contagious disease outbreak, which continues to spread to additional countries, and disrupts supply chains and affecting
production and sales across a range of industries as a result of quarantines, facility closures, and travel and logistics restrictions
in connection with the outbreak. The COVID-19 outbreak impacted the Company s operations for the first quarter of 2020. However,
as a result of PRC government s effort on disease control, most cities in China were reopened in April 2020, the outbreak in China
is under the control. From April 2020 to the end of 2021, there were some new COVID-19 cases discovered in a few provinces of China, however,
the number of new cases is not significant due to PRC government s strict control. In 2022, COVID-19 cases fluctuated and increased
again in many cities of China including Xi an Province where the Company is located. As a result of such increases, there have been
periodic short-term lockdowns and restrictions on travel in Xi an Province and other areas of China, the Company s operations
have been adversely impacted by the travel and work restrictions imposed on a temporary basis in China to limit the spread of COVID-19.
From January 2023, China has dropped all COVID restrictions. 

52 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had net loss of 4,457,327 and 12,230,190, respectively. The Company has an accumulated deficit of 59.73 million as of December
31, 2022. 

The Company had 138.81 million cash on hand on
December 31, 2022 and this satisfies the Company s estimated liquidity needs for 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements.
The Company believes the business transformation and expansion discussed above are probable of occurring and the occurrence, as well as
the cash flow discussed, mitigate the substantial doubt raised by the Company s historical operating results. 

Management also intends to raise additional funds
by way of a private or public offering, or by obtaining loans from banks or others. While the Company believes in the viability of its
strategy to generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional funds on reasonable terms and conditions, there can be
no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern depends upon the Company s ability to further
implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering,
or debt financing including bank loans. 

Our Subsidiaries and Projects 

Our business is primarily conducted through our
wholly-owned subsidiaries, Yinghua and Sifang, Sifang s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Huahong and Shanghai TCH, Shanghai TCH s
wholly-owned subsidiaries, Xi an TCH, Xi an TCH s wholly-owned subsidiary Erdos TCH and Xi an TCH s 90 
owned and Shanghai TCH s 10 owned subsidiary Xi an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and Zhongxun. Shanghai TCH
was established as a foreign investment enterprise in Shanghai under the laws of the PRC on May 25, 2004, and currently has registered
capital of 29.80 million. Xi an TCH was incorporated in Xi an, Shaanxi Province under the laws of the PRC in November 2007.
Erdos TCH was incorporated in April 2009. Huahong was incorporated in February 2009. Xi an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co.,
Ltd. was incorporated in July 2013. Xi an TCH owns 90 and Shanghai TCH owns 10 of Zhonghong. Zhonghong provides energy saving
solutions and services, including constructing, selling and leasing energy saving systems and equipment to customers. 

Zhongxun was incorporated in March 2014 and is
a wholly owned subsidiary of Xi an TCH. Zhongxun will be mainly engaged in project investment, investment management, economic
information consulting, and technical services. Zhongxun has not yet commenced operations nor has any capital contribution been made as
of the date of this report. 

Yinghua was incorporated on February 11, 2015
by the U.S. parent company. Yinghua will be mainly engaged in financial leasing, purchase of financial leasing assets, disposal and repair
of financial leasing assets, consulting and ensuring of financial leasing transactions, and related factoring business. Yinghua has not
yet commenced operations nor has any capital contribution been made as of the date of this report. 

53 

The Company s organizational chart as of December 31, 2022 is
as follows: 

Erdos TCH Joint Venture 

On April 14, 2009, the Company formed a joint
venture (the JV with Erdos Metallurgy Co., Ltd. Erdos to recycle waste heat from Erdos metal refining
plants to generate power and steam to be sold back to Erdos. The name of the JV was Inner Mongolia Erdos TCH Energy Saving Development
Co., Ltd. Erdos TCH with a term of 20 years. Erdos contributed 7 of the total investment of the project,
and Xi an TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd. Xi an TCH contributed 93 . On June 15, 2013, Xi an TCH
and Erdos entered into a share transfer agreement, pursuant to which Erdos sold its 7 ownership interest in the JV to Xi an
TCH for 1.29 million (RMB 8 million), plus certain accumulated profits. Xi an TCH paid the 1.29 million in
July 2013 and, as a result, became the sole stockholder of the JV. Erdos TCH currently has two power generation systems in Phase I with
a total of 18 MW power capacity, and three power generation systems in Phase II with a total of 27 MW power capacity. On April 28, 2016,
Erdos TCH and Erdos entered into a supplemental agreement, effective May 1, 2016, whereby Erdos TCH cancelled monthly minimum lease payments
from Erdos, and started to charge Erdos based on actual electricity sold at RMB 0.30 / KWH. The selling price of each KWH is determined
annually based on prevailing market conditions. In May 2019, Erdos TCH ceased its operations due to renovations and furnace safety upgrades
of Erdos, and the Company initially expected the resumption of operations in July 2020, but the resumption of operations was further delayed
due to government s mandate for Erdos to significantly lower its energy consumption per unit of GDP by implementing a comprehensive
technical upgrade of its ferrosilicon production line to meet the City s energy-saving targets. Erdos is currently researching
the technical rectification scheme. Once the scheme is determined, Erdos TCH will carry out supporting technical transformation for its
waste heat power station project. During this period, Erdos will compensate Erdos TCH RMB 1 million 145,460) per month, until operations
resume. The Company has not recognized any income due to the uncertainty of collection. 

In addition, Erdos TCH has 30 ownership
in DaTangShiDai (BinZhou) Energy Savings Technology Co., Ltd. BinZhou Energy Savings ), 30 ownership in DaTangShiDai
DaTong Recycling Energy Technology Co., Ltd. DaTong Recycling Energy ), and 40 ownership in DaTang ShiDai TianYu XuZhou
Recycling Energy Technology Co, Ltd. TianYu XuZhou Recycling Energy ). These companies were incorporated in 2012 but have
not had any operations since then nor has any registered capital contribution been made. 

Chengli Waste Heat Power Generation Projects 

On July 19, 2013, Xi an TCH formed a new
company, Xi an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. Zhonghong ), of which it owns 90 of Zhonghong,
with HYREF owning the other 10 . Zhonghong provides energy saving solution and services, including constructing, selling and
leasing energy saving systems and equipment to customers. On December 29, 2018, Shanghai TCH entered into a Share Transfer Agreement with
HYREF, pursuant to which HYREF transferred its 10 ownership in Zhonghong to Shanghai TCH for RMB 3 million 0.44 million). The transfer
was completed on January 22, 2019. The Company owns 100 of Xi an Zhonghong after the transaction. 

54 

On July 24, 2013, Zhonghong entered into a Cooperative
Agreement of CDQ and CDQ WHPG Project (Coke Dry Quenching Waste Heat Power Generation Project) with Boxing County Chengli Gas Supply Co.,
Ltd. Chengli ). The parties entered into a supplement agreement on July 26, 2013. Pursuant to these agreements, Zhonghong
will design, build and maintain a 25 MW CDQ system and a CDQ WHPG system to supply power to Chengli, and Chengli will pay energy saving
fees (the Chengli Project ). 

On December 29, 2018, Xi an Zhonghong, Xi an
TCH, HYREF, Guohua Ku, and Mr. Chonggong Bai entered into a CDQ WHPG Station Fixed Assets Transfer Agreement, pursuant to which Xi an
Zhonghong transferred Chengli CDQ WHPG station the Station as the repayment for the loan of RMB 188,639,400 27.54 million)
to HYREF. Xi an Zhonghong, Xi an TCH, Guohua Ku and Chonggong Bai also agreed to a Buy Back Agreement for the Station when
certain conditions are met (see Note 8). The transfer of the Station was completed on January 22, 2019, the Company recorded a 624,133
loss. However, because the loan was not deemed repaid due to the buyback provision (See Note 8 for detail), the Company kept the
loan and the Chengli project recognized in its consolidated financial statements CFS until April 9, 2021.
The Buy Back Agreement was terminated on April 9, 2021, HYREF did not execute the buy-back option and did not ask for any additional
payment from the buyers other than keeping the CDQ WHPG station. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Our management s discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements CFS ), which were
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP ). The preparation
of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported net sales and
expenses during the reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. We base our estimates on historical
experience and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

While our significant accounting policies are
more fully described in Note 2 to our CFS, we believe the following accounting policies are the most critical to assist you in fully understanding
and evaluating this management discussion and analysis. 

Basis of Presentation 

These accompanying CFS were prepared in accordance
with US GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC for financial statements. 

Basis of Consolidation 

The CFS include the accounts of CREG and, its
subsidiary, Sifang Holdings and Yinghua; Sifang Holdings wholly-owned subsidiaries, Huahong and Shanghai TCH; Shanghai TCH s
wholly-owned subsidiary Xi an TCH; and Xi an TCH s subsidiaries, Erdos TCH, Zhonghong, and Zhongxun. Substantially all
of the Company s revenues are derived from the operations of Shanghai TCH and its subsidiaries, which represent substantially all
of the Company s consolidated assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions
were eliminated in consolidation. 

55 

Use of Estimates 

In preparing the CFS, management makes estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheets as well as revenues and expenses during
the year reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Concentration of Credit Risk 

Cash includes cash on hand and demand deposits
in accounts maintained within China. Balances at financial institutions within China are not covered by insurance. The Company has not
experienced any losses in such accounts. 

Certain other financial instruments, which subject
the Company to concentration of credit risk, consist of accounts and other receivables. The Company does not require collateral or other
security to support these receivables. The Company conducts periodic reviews of its customers financial condition and customer
payment practices to minimize collection risk on accounts receivable. 

The operations of the Company are located in the
PRC. Accordingly, the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by the political, economic
and legal environments in the PRC. 

Revenue Recognition 

Sales-type Leasing and Related Revenue Recognition 

The Company follows Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 842 (See Operating lease below as relates to the
Company as a lessee). The Company s sales type lease contracts for revenue recognition fall under ASC 842. 

The Company constructs and leases waste energy
recycling power generating projects to its customers. The Company typically transfers ownership of the waste energy recycling power generating
projects to its customers at the end of the lease. 

The Company finances construction of waste energy
recycling power generating projects. The sales and cost of sales are recognized at the inception of the lease, which is when the control
is transferred to the lessee. The Company accounts for the transfer of control as a sales type lease in accordance with ASC 842-10-25-2.
The underlying asset is derecognized, and revenue is recorded when collection of payments is probable. This is in accordance with the
revenue recognition principle in ASC 606 -Revenue from contracts with customers. The investment in sales-type leases consists of the sum
of the minimum lease payments receivable less unearned interest income and estimated executory cost. Minimum lease payments are part of
the lease agreement between the Company (as the lessor) and the customer (as the lessee). The discount rate implicit in the lease is used
to calculate the present value of minimum lease payments. The minimum lease payments consist of the gross lease payments net of executory
costs and contingent rentals, if any. Unearned interest is amortized to income over the lease term to produce a constant periodic rate
of return on net investment in the lease. While revenue is recognized at the inception of the lease, the cash flow from the sales-type
lease occurs over the course of the lease, which results in interest income and reduction of receivables. Revenue is recognized net of
value-added tax. 

56 

Contingent Rental Income 

The Company records income from actual electricity
generated of each project in the period the income is earned, which is when the electricity is generated. Contingent rent is not part
of minimum lease payments. 

Foreign Currency Translation and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

The Company s functional currency is RMB.
For financial reporting purposes, RMB figures were translated into USD as the reporting currency. Assets and liabilities are translated
at the exchange rate in effect on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average rate of exchange prevailing
during the reporting period. Translation adjustments arising from the use of different exchange rates from period to period are included
as a component of stockholders equity as Accumulated other comprehensive income. Gains and losses from foreign currency
transactions are included in income. There has been no significant fluctuation in exchange rate for the conversion of RMB to USD after
the balance sheet date. 

The Company uses Reporting Comprehensive
Income (codified in FASB ASC Topic 220). Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders 
equity, except those due to investments by stockholders, changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Comparison of Results of Operations for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

The following table sets forth the results of
our operations for the periods indicated as a percentage of net sales. Certain columns may not add due to rounding. 

2022 
 of Sales 
 2021 
 of Sales 
 
 Sales 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cost of sales 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gross profit 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest income on sales-type leases 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 3,880,433 
 - 
 808,154 
 - 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (3,880,433 
 - 
 (808,154 
 - 
 
 Total non-operating expenses, net 
 (507,242 
 - 
 (11,475,176 
 - 
 
 Loss before income tax 
 (4,387,675 
 - 
 (12,283,330 
 - 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 69,652 
 - 
 (53,140 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 (4,457,327 
 - 
 (12,230,190 
 - 

SALES . Total sales for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 were 0. 

COST OF SALES. Cost of sales COS for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0. 

GROSS PROFIT . Gross profit for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 were 0 with gross margin of 0 . 

OPERATING EXPENSES . Operating expenses
consisted of general and administrative expenses G A totaling 3,880,433 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared
to 808,154 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 3,072,279 or 380.2 . The increase in operating expenses was mainly due
to increased litigation expense by 2,281,277 and increased R D expense by 850,000 which was partly offset by decreased other G A
expense by 93,686. 

NET NON-OPERATING EXPENSES . Net non-operating
expenses consisted of loss on note conversion, interest income, interest expenses, Impairment loss on long term equity investment of Xi an
TCH s investment into the HYREF fund, and miscellaneous expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net non-operating expense
was 507,242 compared to 11,475,176 for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had 431,489 interest
income which was offset by 686,581 interest expense on note payable, loss on note conversion of 135,103, and other expenses of 117,047.
For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had 414,468 interest income and gain on termination of buy-back agreement of Chengli project
of 3,165,887 (see Note 8), but the amount was offset by 542,289 interest expense on note payable, loss on note conversion of 151,275,
interest expense on entrusted loan of 374,865, interest expense on failure of note redemption on time of 2,189,811, and impairment loss
on long term equity investment into HYREF fund of 11,625,195 and other expenses of 172,096. 

57 

INCOME TAX EXPENSE (BENEFIT) . Income
tax expense was 69,652 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with income tax benefit of 53,140 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The consolidated effective income tax (benefit) rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 1.6 and (18.8) , respectively. 

NET LOSS . Net loss for the
year ended December 31, 2022 was 4,457,327 compared to 12,230,190 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an decrease of net loss of
 7,772,863. This decrease in net loss was mainly due to decreased impairment loss on long-term equity investment by 11,625,195, decreased
interest expense by 2,420,384 as describe above, which was partly offset by decreased gain on termination of buy-back agreement of Chengli
project by 3,165,887 and increased G A expense by 3,072,279. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash
and equivalents of 138.81 million, other current assets of 0.32 million, current liabilities of 24.38 million, working capital of 114.75
million, a current ratio of 5.71:1 and a liability-to-equity ratio of 0.26:1. 

The following is a summary of cash provided by
or used in each of the indicated types of activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash provided by (used in): 

Operating Activities 
 (351,880 
 (1,612,458 
 
 Investing Activities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Financing Activities 
 - 
 42,561,721 

Net cash used in operating activities was 351,880
during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,612,458 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net cash outflow
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly due to decreased cash outflow on prepaid expense by 1,683,855, decreased cash outflow
on taxes payable by 687,983, and increased cash inflow from accrued liabilities and other payables by 2,245,459, which was partly offset
by net loss and noncash adjustment to net loss totaling 2,647,241, decreased cash inflow from accounts receivable by 346,876, and decreased
cash inflow from interest payable on entrusted loan by 374,865. 

On August 2, 2021, the Company entered a Research
and Development Cooperation Agreement with a software development company to design, establish, upgrade and maintenance of Smart Energy
Management Cloud Platform for energy storage and remote-site monitoring; upon completion, the Company will provide such platform to its
customers at a fee. Total contracted research and development cost is 1,000,000, the Company paid 200,000 in 2021. 

On August 23, 2021, the Company entered a Market
Research and Project Development Service Agreement with a consulting company in Xi an for a service period of 12 months. The consulting
company will perform the market research for new energy industry including photovoltaic and energy storage, develop potential new customers
and due diligence check, assisting the Company for business cooperation negotiation and relevant agreements preparation. Total contract
amount is 1,150,000, and the Company paid 650,000 at commencement of the service; the Company will pay 200,000 upon issuance of the
research report, and pay the remaining of 300,000 upon completion all the services. 

58 

Net cash used in investing activities was 0 and 0, respectively,
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was
 0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 42,561,721 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The cash inflow for the year ended December 31, 2021 was mainly the proceeds from a private placement of 37,561,721 and issuance
of notes payable of 5,000,000. 

On February 23, 2021, the Company entered into
securities purchase agreements with several non-U.S. investors (the Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to
sell to the Purchasers, up to 3,320,000 shares of common stock of the Company, at 11.522 per share, which was the five-day average
closing price immediately prior to signing the Purchase Agreements. One of the purchasers was the Company s CEO (also is the
Company s Chairman), he purchased 1,000,000 common shares of the Company. On March 11, 2021, the Company received approximately
 38.25 million proceeds from the issuance of 3,320,000 shares under the securities purchase agreements, there was no any fees paid in
connection with this financing. In April 2021, the Company s CEO amended the number of shares that he would purchase from 1,000,000
shares to 940,000 shares; accordingly, the number of shares sold in this offering became 3,260,000. The Company returned 691,320 extra
proceeds that were received earlier to the Company s CEO in April 2021. 

We do not believe inflation has had or will have a significant negative
impact on our results of operations in 2022. 

Transfers of Cash to and from Our Subsidiaries 

The PRC has currency and capital transfer regulations
that require us to comply with certain requirements for the movement of capital. The Company is able to transfer cash (USD) to its PRC
subsidiaries through: (i) an investment (by increasing the Company s registered capital in a PRC subsidiary), or (ii) a stockholder
loan. The Company s subsidiaries in the PRC have not transferred any earnings or cash to the Company to date. The Company s
business is primarily conducted through its subsidiaries. The Company is a holding company and its material assets consist solely of the
ownership interests held in its PRC subsidiaries. The Company relies on dividends paid by its subsidiaries for its working capital and
cash needs, including the funds necessary: (i) to pay dividends or cash distributions to its stockholders, (ii) to service any debt obligations
and (iii) to pay operating expenses. As a result of PRC laws and regulations (noted below) that require annual appropriations of 10 of
after-tax income to be set aside in a general reserve fund prior to payment of dividends, the Company s PRC subsidiaries are restricted
in that respect, as well as in others respects noted below, in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company
as a dividend. 

With respect to transferring cash from the Company
to its subsidiaries, increasing the Company s registered capital in a PRC subsidiary requires the filing of the local commerce department,
while a stockholder loan requires a filing with the state administration of foreign exchange or its local bureau. 

With respect to the payment of dividends, we note the following: 

1. 
 PRC regulations currently permit the payment of dividends only out of accumulated profits, as determined in accordance with accounting standards and PRC regulations (an in-depth description of the PRC regulations is set forth below); 

2. 
 Our PRC subsidiaries are required to set aside, at a minimum, 10 of their net income after taxes, based on PRC accounting standards, each year as statutory surplus reserves until the cumulative amount of such reserves reaches 50 of their registered capital; 

3. 
 Such reserves may not be distributed as cash dividends; 

59 

4. 
 Our PRC subsidiaries may also allocate a portion of their after-tax profits to fund their staff welfare and bonus funds; except in the event of a liquidation, these funds may also not be distributed to stockholders; the Company does not participate in a Common Welfare Fund; 

5. 
 The incurrence of debt, specifically the instruments governing such debt, may restrict a subsidiary s ability to pay stockholder dividends or make other cash distributions; and 

6. 
 The Company is subject to covenants and consent requirements. 

If, for the reasons noted above, our subsidiaries
are unable to pay stockholder dividends and/or make other cash payments to the Company when needed, the Company s ability to conduct
operations, make investments, engage in acquisitions, or undertake other activities requiring working capital may be materially and adversely
affected. However, our operations and business, including investment and/or acquisitions by our subsidiaries within China, will not be
affected as long as the capital is not transferred in or out of the PRC. 

PRC Regulations 

In accordance with PRC regulations on Enterprises
with Foreign Investment and their articles of association, a foreign-invested enterprise FIE established in the PRC is
required to provide statutory reserves, which are appropriated from net profit, as reported in the FIE s PRC statutory accounts.
A FIE is required to allocate at least 10 of its annual after-tax profit to the surplus reserve until such reserve has reached 50 of
its respective registered capital (based on the FIE s PRC statutory accounts). The aforementioned reserves may only be used for
specific purposes and may not be distributed as cash dividends. Until such contribution of capital is satisfied, the FIE is not allowed
to repatriate profits to its stockholders, unless approved by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange. After satisfaction of this
requirement, the remaining funds may be appropriated at the discretion of the FIE s board of directors. Our subsidiary, Shanghai
TCH, qualifies as a FIE and is therefore subject to the above-mandated regulations on distributable profits. 

Additionally, in accordance with PRC corporate
law, a domestic enterprise is required to maintain a surplus reserve of at least 10 of its annual after-tax profit until such reserve
has reached 50 of its respective registered capital based on the enterprise s PRC statutory accounts. The aforementioned reserves
can only be used for specific purposes and may not be distributed as cash dividends. Xi an TCH, Huahong, Zhonghong and Erdos TCH
were established as domestic enterprises; therefore, each is subject to the above-mentioned restrictions on distributable profits. 

As a result of PRC laws and regulations that require
annual appropriations of 10 of after-tax income to be set aside, prior to payment of dividends, in a general reserve fund, the Company s
PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company as a dividend or otherwise. 

Chart of the Company s Statutory Reserve 

Pursuant to PRC corporate law, effective January
1, 2006, the Company is required to maintain a statutory reserve by appropriating from its after-tax profit before declaration or payment
of dividends. The statutory reserve is restricted retained earnings. Our restricted and unrestricted retained earnings under US GAAP are
set forth below: 

As of 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Unrestricted accumulated deficit 
 (59,726,943 
 (55,281,680 
 
 Restricted retained earnings (surplus reserve fund) 
 15,168,003 
 15,180,067 
 
 Total accumulated deficit 
 (44,558,940 
 (40,101,613 

60 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We have not entered into any other financial guarantees
or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. We have not entered into any derivative contracts that
are indexed to our shares and classified as stockholders equity or that are not reflected in our CFS. Furthermore, we do not have
any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk
support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk
or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 

The Company s contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022
are as follows: 

1 year or 
 More than 
 See Note 
 
 Contractual Obligation 
 less 
 1 year 
 (for details) 
 
 Notes payable including accrued interest of 261,035, net of unamortized OID of 31,250 
 5,958,762 
 - 
 10 
 
 Entrusted loan including interest payable of 347,249 
 11,403,160 
 - 
 8 
 
 Total 
 17,361,922 
 - 

The Company believes it has sufficient cash in
bank of 138.81 million as of December 31, 2022, and a sufficient channel to commercial institutions to obtain any loans that may be necessary
to meet its working capital needs. Historically, we have been able to obtain loans or otherwise achieve our financing objectives due to
the Chinese government s support for energy-saving businesses with stable cash inflows, good credit ratings and history. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

61 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders , Audit Committee, Board of Directors and
Management 

Smart Powerr Corp. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Smart Powerr Corp. the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for years then ended and the related notes (collectively
referred to as financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and
cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis of Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters (CAMs) are matters arising
from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of CAMs does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as
a whole, and we are not, by communicating the CAM below, providing separate opinions on the CAMs or on the accounts or disclosures to
which they relate. 

The Company disclosed litigation as discussed in Note 15 to the financial statements. Litigation resolution and disclosure involves judgment and uncertainty. Therefore, we considered this a CAM. We read the Company s disclosures, obtained attorney and management s representation on the litigation matters to conclude on the adequacy of the disclosures and need for accrual, if any. We also audited legal expenses to ensure all litigation is disclosed and accounted for as applicable. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

/s/ 

May 8, 2023 

PCAOB ID # 

F- 1 

SMART POWERR CORP 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

VAT receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 
 
 -

Other receivables 

Total current assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Long term deposit 
 -

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 
 -

Fixed assets, net 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Taxes payable 

Accrued interest on notes 

Notes payable, net of unamortized OID of and , respectively 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Operating lease liability 

Due to related parties 
 -

Payable for purchase of equity interest of Zhonghong 

Interest payable on entrusted loans 

Entrusted loan payable 

Total current liabilities 

NONCURRENT LIABILITIES 

Income tax payable 

Operating lease liability 
 -

Total noncurrent liabilities 

Total liabilities 

CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Statutory reserve 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Company stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 2 

SMART POWERR CORP 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Contingent rental income 
 -
 
 -

Interest income on sales-type leases 
 -
 
 -

Total operating income 
 -
 
 -

Operating expenses 

Bad debts reversal 
 -

Litigation expense 
 
 -

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Non-operating income (expenses) 

Loss on note conversion 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Gain on termination of buy-back agreement of Chengli project 
 -

Impairment loss on long-term equity investment 
 -

Other expenses, net 

Total non-operating expenses, net 

Loss before income tax 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive items 

Foreign currency translation income (expense) 

Comprehensive loss 

Weighted average shares used for computing basic and diluted loss per share

Basic and diluted net loss per share

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

SMART POWERR CORP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
2021 

Common Stock 
 Paid in 
 Statutory 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 (Loss) / 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Reserves 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Shares to be issued 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Conversion of long-term notes into common shares 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for equity financing 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Return of shares issued to CEO for equity financing 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Stock Compensation expense 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Transfer to Statutory Reserves 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

-

Foreign currency translation gain 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Conversion of long-term notes into common shares 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Transfer to Statutory Reserves 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

-

Foreign currency translation gain 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

SMART POWERR CORP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of OID and debt issuing costs of notes 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock compensation expense 
 -

Operating lease expenses 

Bad debt reversal 
 -

Loss on note conversion 

Interest expense 

Impairment loss on long-term equity investment 
 -

Gain on termination of buy-back agreement of Chengli Project 
 -

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 -

Prepaid expenses 

Other receivables 

VAT receivable 
 -

Taxes payable 

Payment of lease liability 

Interest payable on entrusted loan 
 -

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Issuance of notes payable 
 -

Issuance of common stock 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 -

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGE ON CASH 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH, END OF YEAR 

Supplemental cash flow data: 

Income tax paid 

Interest paid 
 -
 
 -

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash operating activities 

Settlement of entrusted loan resulting from termination of buy-back option for Chengli project 
 -

Adoption of ASC 842-right-of-use asset 
 -

Adoption of ASC 842-operating lease liability 
 -

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities 

Conversion of notes into common shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

SMART POWERR CORP.
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
2021 

years. Erdos contributed of
the total investment of the project, and Xi an TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd. Xi an TCH contributed .
On June 15, 2013, Xi an TCH and Erdos entered into a share transfer agreement, pursuant to which Erdos sold its ownership
interest in the JV to Xi an TCH for million (RMB million), plus certain accumulated profits. Xi an
TCH paid the million in July 2013 and, as a result, became the sole stockholder of the JV. Erdos TCH currently has two power
generation systems in Phase I with a total of 18 MW power capacity, and three power generation systems in Phase II with a total of 27
MW power capacity. On April 28, 2016, Erdos TCH and Erdos entered into a supplemental agreement, effective May 1, 2016, whereby Erdos
TCH cancelled monthly minimum lease payments from Erdos, and started to charge Erdos based on actual electricity sold at RMB /
KWH. The selling price of each KWH is determined annually based on prevailing market conditions. In May 2019, Erdos TCH ceased its operations
due to renovations and furnace safety upgrades of Erdos, and the Company initially expected the resumption of operations in July 2020,
but the resumption of operations was further delayed due to government s mandate for Erdos to significantly lower its energy consumption
per unit of GDP by implementing a comprehensive technical upgrade of its ferrosilicon production line to meet the City s energy-saving
targets. Erdos is currently researching the technical rectification scheme. Once the scheme is determined, Erdos TCH will carry
out technical transformation for its waste heat power station project. During this period, Erdos will compensate Erdos TCH RMB million per month, until operations resume. The Company has not recognized any income due to the uncertainty of collection. In
addition, Erdos TCH has ownership in DaTangShiDai (BinZhou) Energy Savings Technology Co., Ltd. BinZhou Energy Savings ), 
ownership in DaTangShiDai DaTong Recycling Energy Technology Co., Ltd. DaTong Recycling Energy ), and ownership
in DaTang ShiDai TianYu XuZhou Recycling Energy Technology Co, Ltd. TianYu XuZhou Recycling Energy ). These companies were
incorporated in 2012 but had no operations since then nor has any registered capital contribution been made. 

F- 6 

of Zhonghong, with HYREF owning the other . Zhonghong provides energy saving solution and services,
including constructing, selling and leasing energy saving systems and equipment to customers. On December 29, 2018, Shanghai TCH entered
into a Share Transfer Agreement with HYREF, pursuant to which HYREF transferred its ownership in Zhonghong to Shanghai TCH for
RMB million million). The transfer was completed on January 22, 2019. The Company owns of Xi an
Zhonghong after the transaction. 

million) to HYREF. Xi an Zhonghong, Xi an TCH, Guohua Ku
and Chonggong Bai also agreed to a Buy Back Agreement for the Station when certain conditions are met (see Note 8). The transfer of the
Station was completed on January 22, 2019, when the Company recorded a loss from this transfer. However, because the
loan was not deemed repaid due to the buyback provision (See Note 8 for detail), the Company kept the loan and the Chengli project in
its consolidated financial statements CFS until April 9, 2021. The Buy Back Agreement was terminated on April 9,
2021, HYREF did not execute the buy-back option and did not ask for any additional payment from the buyers other than keeping the CDQ
WHPG station. 

(RMB ), which must be contributed before October 1, 2028. Zhongxun is owned by Xi an TCH and
will be mainly engaged in project investment, investment management, economic information consulting, and technical services. Zhongxun
has not commenced operations nor has any capital contribution been made as of the date of this report. 

, to be paid within from the date the business license is issued. Yinghua is owned by the Company
and will be mainly engaged in financial leasing, purchase of financial leasing assets, disposal and repair of financial leasing assets,
consulting and ensuring of financial leasing transactions, and related factoring business. Yinghua has not commenced operations nor has
any capital contribution been made as of the date of this report. 

F- 7 

to , par value per share. 

million and million, respectively. The Company
had an accumulated deficit of million as of December 31, 2022. The Company disposed all of its systems and currently holds
five power generating systems through Erdos TCH, the five power generating systems are currently not producing any electricity. The Company
is in the process of transforming and expanding into an energy storage integrated solution provider. The Company plans to pursue disciplined
and targeted expansion strategies for market areas the Company currently does not serve. The Company actively seeks and explores opportunities
to apply energy storage technologies to new industries or segments with high growth potential, including industrial and commercial complexes,
large scale photovoltaic (PV) and wind power stations, remote islands without electricity, and smart energy cities with multi-energy
supplies. The Company s cash flow forecast indicates it will have sufficient cash to fund its operations for the next 12 months
from the date of issuance of these CFS. 

F- 8 

F- 9 

per bank. Any balance over RMB per bank in PRC will not be
covered. At December 31, 2022, cash held in PRC banks of was not covered by such insurance. The Company has not experienced
any losses in such accounts. 

- years 
 
 Office and Other Equipment 
 
 - years 
 
 Software 
 
 - years 

F- 10 

likely
of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken
that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance
sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest associated
with unrecognized tax benefits is classified as interest expense and penalties are classified in selling, general and administrative expenses
in the statement of income. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not take any uncertain positions that would necessitate
recording a tax related liability. 

F- 11 

F- 12 

shares purchasable under warrants
and options were excluded from the EPS calculation as these were not dilutive due to the exercise price was more than the stock market
price. 

F- 13 

, bearing no interest, payable upon demand, ii)
advance to suppliers of and (iii) others of . As of December 31, 2021, 

, as of December 31, 2022, the Company paid as R D expense, and was committed to pay
remaining after trial operation. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company expensed R D expense. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company expensed R D expense. As of December 31, 2022, due to the impact of the epidemic,
it is difficult to conduct field research and collect effective information, the market research work is making slow progress and can
only be proceed after PRC overall epidemic improves. 

million (without impairment
loss) and was ready to be put into operation as of December 31, 2018. On January 22, 2019, 

million from transferring the CDP WHPG station to HYREF as partial repayment of the entrusted loan, which is the difference
between the carrying value of the assets and loan and interest payable on the loan. 

Consulting and legal expenses 
 -

Accrued payroll and welfare 

Accrued litigation 
 
 -

Other 

Total 

F- 14 

Other 

Total 

Current 

Noncurrent 

million million included in current tax payable and million noncurrent)
from recording the estimated one-time transition tax on post-1986 foreign unremitted earnings under the Tax Cut and Jobs Act signed on
December 22, 2017. The Company made such an election. 

Write-off Erdos TCH net investment in sales-type leases 

Impairment loss of Xi an TCH s investment into the HYREF fund 

US NOL 

PRC NOL 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax assets, net 
 -
 
 -

million million) invested in Xi an Zhonghong
for Zhonghong s three new CDQ WHPG projects. The HYREF Fund invested RMB million million) as an equity investment and
RMB million million) as a debt investment in Xi an Zhonghong; in return for such investments, the HYREF Fund was to receive
interest from Zhonghong for the HYREF Fund s debt investment. The loan was collateralized by the accounts receivable and the fixed
assets of Shenqiu Phase I and II power generation systems; the accounts receivable and fixed assets of Zhonghong s three CDQ WHPG
systems; and a million RMB million) capital contribution made by Xi an TCH in Zhonghong. Repayment of the loan (principal
and interest) was also jointly and severally guaranteed by Xi an TCH and the Chairman and CEO of the Company. In the fourth quarter
of 2015, three power stations of Erdos TCH were pledged to Industrial Bank as an additional guarantee for the loan to Zhonghong s
three CDQ WHPG systems. In 2016, two additional power stations of Erdos TCH and Pucheng Phase I and II systems were pledged to Industrial
Bank as an additional guarantee along with Xi an TCH s equity in Zhonghong. 

F- 15 

. 

million)
to HYREF, the transfer of which was completed on January 22, 2019. 

million) including accrued interest of RMB million),
and was paid in full by Xi an TCH on December 20, 2019. 

F- 16 

million from transferring the CDP WHPG station
to HYREF as partial repayment of the entrusted loan resulting from the termination of the buy-back agreement. 

million) and Xi an TCH transferred two Biomass Power
Generation Projects in Shenqiu Shenqiu Phase I and II Projects to Mr. Bai for RMB million).
Mr. Bai agreed to transfer all the equity shares of his wholly owned company, Xi an Hanneng, to HYREF as repayment for the RMB million)
loan made by Xi an Zhonghong to HYREF as consideration for the transfer of the Xuzhou Huayu Project and Shenqiu Phase I and II Projects. 

shares of Xi an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd. Huaxin ),
so that HYREF will indirectly receive and own such shares of Xi an Huaxin as the repayment for the loan of Zhonghong. Xi an
Hanneng already owned shares of Huaxin; however, Xi an Hanneng was not able to obtain the remaining shares
due to halted trading of Huaxin stock by NEEQ for not filing its 2018 annual report. 

million)
including accrued interest of RMB million), and was paid in full by Xi an TCH on December 20, 2019. On
December 20, 2019, Mr. Bai, Xi an TCH and Xi an Zhonghong agreed to have Mr. Bai repay the Company in cash for the transfer
price of Xuzhou Huayu and Shenqiu in five installment payments. The 1 st payment of RMB million million) was
due on January 5, 2020, the 2 nd payment of RMB million million) was due on February 5, 2020, the 3 rd payment
of RMB million million) was due on April 5, 2020, the 4 th payment of RMB million million) is due on
June 30, 2020, and the final payment of RMB million) was due on September 30, 2020. As of December 31, 2020, the Company
received the full payment of RMB million million) from Mr. Bai. 

million from transferring the CDP WHPG station
to HYREF as partial repayment of the entrusted loan resulting from the termination of the buy-back agreement. 

F- 17 

million million) to July 8, 2023. However, per court s judgement
on June 28, 2021, the Company should repay principal million and accrued interest of million within 10 days from
the judgment date. The Company has not paid it yet as of this report date, but will pay it in full by the end of 2023. 

million million) into the HYREF fund as a secondary limited partner, and the Company
recorded an impairment loss of million for such investment during the year ended December 31, 2021 due to uncertainty of the
collection of the investment. This was impaired as Hongyuan does not have the ability to pay back (see Note 15 Litigation). 

and , respectively, in advances from the Company s management, which bears no interest,
is unsecured, and payable upon demand. 

. The Purchaser purchased the Note with an original issue discount OID of , which
was recognized as debt discount is amortized using the interest method over the life of the note. The Note bears interest at and
has a term of . All outstanding principal and accrued interest on the Note is due and payable December 3, 2022. The Company s
obligations under the Note may be prepaid at any time, provided that in such circumstance the Company would pay of any amounts
outstanding under the Note and being prepaid. Beginning on the date that is six months from the issue date of the Note, Purchaser
shall have the right to redeem any amount of this Note up to per calendar month by providing written notice to the Company. Upon
receipt of the redemption notice from the lender, the Company shall pay the applicable redemption amount in cash to lender within three
trading days of receipt of such redemption notice; if the Company fails to pay, then the outstanding balance will automatically be increased
by . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amortized OID of and recorded interest expense
on this Note. 

from the original Promissory Note, including adjustment of to
increase the principal of the notes during the second quarter of 2021 as a result of the Company s failure to pay the redemption
amount in cash to lender within three trading days from receipt of the redemption notice, the Company recorded principal
adjustment as interest expense. This Promissory Notes was paid in full
on January 10, 2022. 

F- 18 

. The Purchaser purchased the Note with an OID of , which was recognized as a debt discount
is amortized using the interest method over the life of the note. The Note bears interest at and has a term of .
All outstanding principal and accrued interest on the Note is due and payable on April 1, 2023. The Company s obligations under
the Note may be prepaid at any time, provided that in such circumstance the Company would pay of any amounts outstanding under
the Note and being prepaid. Beginning on the date that is six months from the issue date of the Note, Purchaser shall have the right to
redeem any amount of this Note up to per calendar month by providing written notice to the Company. Upon receipt of
the redemption notice from the lender, the Company shall pay the applicable redemption amount in cash to lender within three trading days
of receipt of such redemption notice; if the Company fails to pay, then the outstanding balance will automatically be increased by .
On October 28, 2021, the lender made an adjustment of to increase the outstanding principal of the notes as a result of
the Company s failure to pay the redemption amount in cash to lender on time, the Company recorded principal adjustment
as interest expense in 2021. The lender made an adjustment of to increase the outstanding principal of the notes based
on a forbearance agreement entered on September 14, 2022 resulting from the Company s default event of being delinquent on SEC filings,
the Company recorded the principal adjustment as interest expense. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
amortized OID of and recorded interest expense on this Note; and the Company and Lender exchanged these Partitioned
Notes of for the delivery of shares of the Company s common stock. The Company recorded loss
on conversion of these notes in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of this note was (net
of unamortized OID of with accrued interest of . The Note was classified as a current liability in accordance with ASC
470-10-45 Other Presentation Matters General Due on Demand Loan Arrangements. 

Exercisable at January 1, 2021 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exchanged 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Expired 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exchanged 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Expired 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

F- 19 

. The
Plan was effective immediately upon its adoption by the Board of Directors on April 24, 2015, subject to stockholder approval, and will
terminate on the earliest to occur of (i) the 10th anniversary of the Plan s effective date, or (ii) the date on which all shares
available for issuance under the Plan shall have been issued as fully-vested shares. The stockholders approved the Plan at their annual
meeting on June 19, 2015. 

Exercisable at January 1, 2021 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

on income reported in the statutory financial statements after appropriate tax adjustments. Under Chinese tax law, the
tax treatment of finance and sales-type leases is similar to US GAAP. However, the local tax bureau continues to treat the Company s
sales-type leases as operating leases. Accordingly, the Company recorded deferred income taxes. 

. Yinghua, Shanghai TCH, Xi an TCH, Huahong, Zhonghong and Erdos TCH file separate
income tax returns. 

F- 20 

million; for federal income tax purposes, the NOL arising in tax years beginning after 2017 may only reduce of a taxpayer s
taxable income, and may be carried forward indefinitely. However, the coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act the CARES
Act issued in March 2020, provides tax relief to both corporate and noncorporate taxpayers by adding a five-year carryback period
and temporarily repealing the limitation for NOLs arising in 2018, 2019 and 2020. Management believes the realization of benefits
from these losses uncertain due to the US parent company s continuing operating losses. Accordingly, a deferred tax asset valuation
allowance was provided. 

million NOL that can be carried forward to offset future taxable income
for from the year the loss is incurred. The NOL was mostly from Erdos TCH and Zhonghong. Management considers the
scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.
After consideration of all the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization
of the deferred tax assets due to the recurring losses from operations of these entities, accordingly, the Company recorded a 
deferred tax valuation allowance for the PRC NOL. 

Tax rate difference current provision 

Prior year income tax adjustment in current year 

Permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Tax expense (benefit) per financial statements 

Income tax expense deferred 
 -
 
 -

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

of their net income, as determined under PRC accounting rules and regulations,
to a statutory surplus reserve fund until such reserve balance reaches of the Company s registered capital. 

of the registered capital. 

F- 21 

Xi an TCH 

Erdos TCH 

Xi an Zhonghong 

Shaanxi Huahong 

Zhongxun 

to of its net income. This fund can only be utilized
for capital items for the collective benefit of the Company s employees, such as construction of dormitories, cafeteria facilities,
and other staff welfare facilities. This fund is non-distributable other than upon liquidation. The Company does not participate in this
fund. 

million million) principal and interest to Hongyuan
as an out-of-court settlement. On April 11, 2022, Xi an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co. Ltd., filed an application for retrial
and provided relevant evidence to the Beijing High People s Court on the Civil Judgment No. 264., awaiting trial. On August 10,
2022, Beijing No. 1 Intermediate People s Court of Beijing issued a Certificate of Active Performance, proving that Xi an
Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. had fulfilled its buyback obligations. On April 9, 2021, Xi an TCH, Xi an Zhonghong,
Guohua Ku, Chonggong Bai and HYREF entered a Termination of Fulfillment Agreement (termination agreement). Under the termination agreement,
the original buyback agreement entered on December 19, 2019 was terminated upon signing of the termination agreement. HYREF will not execute
the buy-back option and will not ask for any additional payment from the buyers other than keeping the CDQ WHPG station. 

million) between the amount executed by the court and the liability recognized by Xi an TCH, which was mainly the enforcement
fee, legal and penalty fee for the original judgement, and was automatically generated by the toll collection system of the People s
court. The Company accrued million litigation expense as of December 31, 2022. 

million million) with loan interest of RMB million) to Beijiang Hongyuan Recycling Energy Investment Center (Limited
Partnership). In the end of 2022, Beijing No.4 Intermediate People s Court of Beijing entered into the judgment enforcement procedure,
which, in addition to the loan principal with interest amount, Xi an Zhonghong Technology Co., Ltd. was to pay judgment enforcement
fee, late fee and other fees of RMB million) in total. 

F- 22 

The monthly rent was
RMB with quarterly payment in advance. This lease expired in . The Company entered a
new lease for the same location from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2023 with monthly rent of RMB ),
to be paid every half year in advance. 

Operating lease cost interest expense on lease liability 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term - Operating leases 
 years 
 
 Weighted Average Discount Rate - Operating leases 

Operating lease cost interest expense on lease liability 

Total undiscounted cash flows 

Less: imputed interest 

() 
 
 Present value of lease liabilities 

F- 23 

).
The Company will grant the CFO no less than shares of the Company s common stock annually; however, as of this report
date, the Board of Directors and Compensation Committee have not approved the number of shares to be given to the CFO, nor any stock reward
agreement has been signed. 

).
The Company will grant the CFO no less than shares of the Company s common stock annually; however, as of this report
date, the Board of Directors and Compensation Committee have not approved the number of shares to be given to the CFO, nor any stock reward
agreement has been signed. 

from either a public offering or a private placement. The Underwriter Warrants shall be exercisable at any time, and from time
to time, in whole or in part, during the period commencing 180 days from the date of commencement of sales of the offering, which period
shall not extend further than from the date of commencement of sales of the offering in compliance with FINRA Rule
5110(g)(8)(A). After an initial period of six months from the agreement entering date, this engagement may be terminated at any time
by either party upon 10 days written notice to the other party, effective upon receipt of written notice to that effect by the other party.
The Company filed an S-1 with the SEC on July 28, 2021. 

from the original Promissory Note entered on April 2, 2021. The Company and Lender exchanged this
Partitioned Note for the delivery of shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

from the original Promissory Note entered on April 2, 2021. The Company and Lender exchanged this
Partitioned Note for the delivery of shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

from the original Promissory Note entered on April 2, 2021. The Company and Lender exchanged this
Partitioned Note for the delivery of shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

F- 24 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of the end of the period covered by this report,
we conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act )). Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our periodic reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
disclosure. 

Our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all errors and
all fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed, operated and managed, can provide only reasonable assurance
that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Because of the inherent limitations of disclosure controls and
procedures, no evaluation of such disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances
of fraud, if any, have been detected. 

Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining a system of internal control over financial reporting ICFR (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act) to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with US generally accepted accounting principles. All internal control systems, no matter
how well designed, have inherent limitations. 

We conducted an assessment of the effectiveness
of our system of ICFR as of December 31, 2022, the last day of our fiscal year. This assessment was based on criteria established in the
framework Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission and included an evaluation of elements such as the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls,
process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment. Based on our assessment, management has concluded that
our ICFR was effective as of the end of the fiscal year to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with US GAAP. We reviewed the results of management s
assessment with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. 

This annual report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding ICFR. Management s report was not subject
to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm. 

Changes in internal control over financial reporting 

With the participation of the Company s
management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company also conducted an evaluation of the Company s
ICFR to determine whether any changes occurred during the Company s fiscal year ended as of December 31, 2022, that materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s ICFR. Based on such evaluation, management concluded that, as of the
end of the period covered by this report, there have not been any changes in the Company s ICFR(as such term is defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter to which this report relates that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s ICFR. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

62 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding our executive officers and director nominees as of the date of this report: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Guohua Ku 
 
 61 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Yongjiang (Jackie) Shi 
 
 48 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Vice President 
 
 Binfeng (Adeline) Gu 
 
 45 
 
 Secretary 
 
 Yan Zhan 
 
 49 
 
 Director 
 
 Xiaoping Guo (1) 
 
 70 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Zhongli Liu (1) 
 
 63 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 LuLu Sun (1) 
 
 45 
 
 Independent Director 

(1) Member
of Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

Mr. Guohua Ku was appointed
as a director and our Chief Executive Officer CEO as of December 10, 2008. He was elected Chairman of the Board as of
April 1, 2009. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Ku served as a Senior Engineer for Yingfeng Technology from 2003 to 2007. From 1979 to
2003, Mr. Ku served in multiple capacities for Shaanxi Blast Air Blower (Group) Co., Ltd., with his last position serving as a Senior
Engineer. Mr. Ku s experience as our Chief Executive Officer, as well as Chairman of the Board, and extensive scientific and operational
knowledge and expertise qualifies him to serve as Chairman of the Board and led the Board to conclude that he should be nominated to serve
another term as a director. 

Mr. Yongjiang (Jackie) Shi was appointed
as our Chief Financial Officer CFO and a Vice President, effective December 20, 2019. Mr. Shi has served as the financial
consultant to the Board since September 28, 2016, and was the CFO of the Company from May 16, 2015 to September 27, 2016. Mr. Shi was
the Assistant CFO Vice President in charge of finance for the Company from January 2015 to May 2015. Mr. Shi joined Xi an
TCH Energy Technology Company, Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in 2014 as a VP of Finance and he previously worked as the
Director of Investor Relations for Xilan Natural Gas Group from 2005 to 2014. Mr. Shi studied professional accounting at the University
of New South Wales, Australia from 2001 to 2003, and was awarded his master s degree of finance in 2003. He studied public administration
at Northwest University of China from 1994 to 1998, and obtained his bachelor s degree in law in 1998. 

Ms. Adeline Gu was appointed
as the Company s CFO and Secretary on September 28, 2016. Ms. Gu resigned as our CFO as of December 13, 2019. Ms. Gu has been serving
as the director of the office of Board of Directors of the Company from August 2012 to September 27, 2016. She was the Investor Relations
Director from December 2007 to August 13, 2012, and Investor Relations Director Assistant from March 2006 to December 2007 of China Natural
Gas, Inc. From October 2005 to March 2006, Ms. Gu was the Interpreter of Xi an Equity Exchange Shaanxi Watson Biology
Gene Technology Co., Ltd. Ms. Gu studied at Northwest University of China from September 1995 to June, 1999 and received her bachelor
degree, majoring in English. Ms. Gu has held a Chinese Accounting Certificate since 2000. 

Mr. Yan Zhan was appointed a director
of the Company on March 16, 2021. He worked for Xi an TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd., our wholly-owned subsidiary in the PRC, since
May 2013 and he served as the Chief Sales Officer since June 2016. Mr. Zhan obtained his junior college diploma majored in Manufacturing Processes and Equipment from
Northwestern Polytechnical University in September 1995. After his graduation, he served as the head of production department of Xi An
Kanghuamen Factory from 1995 to 1996. Mr. Zhan studied and taught at Shanxi Educational College from 1996 to 1998. From 1998 to 2004,
he served as the sales manager of Xi An Equipment Import and Export Company, after which he served as the general manager of Shanxi
Wanding Yandong Technology Co., Limited from 2004 to 2013. In nominating Mr. Zhan for election as a director, our Board focused
on his past marketing and sales experience and technical knowledge in the energy recycling industry and his knowledge of the
operations of the Company as a member of management. 

63 

Mr. Xiaoping Guo was appointed
a director on June 1, 2017. Mr. Guo has served as the assistant to the president of Datang New Energy Co., Ltd., since 2010. Mr. Guo received
his bachelor degree from the Xi an Jiaotong University in 1977, and his master s degree in systems engineering from the same
school in 2000. Mr. Guo s extensive project engineering and development experience, as well as his management experience, qualifies
him to serve on our Board and led the Board to conclude that he should be nominated as a director. 

Mr Zhongli Liu was appointed
a director on March 6, 2020. Mr. Liu was also appointed as the Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Compensation, Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committees. Mr. Liu served as the inspector to be in charge of securities inspection at Shaanxi Supervision Bureau
of China Securities Regulatory Commission from 1999 to September 2019. He worked as the head of department of economics and management,
professor, chief of scientific research at Xi an Finance and Economics University from 1984 to 1998. Since July 2017, he served
as the independent director of the Board at China Haiseng Fresh Fruit Juice Co., Ltd. (00359.HK). Mr. Liu studied industrial economy management
at Xi an Jiaotong University from September 1978 to July 1982 and was awarded his his bachelor s degree of finance in 1982.
He studied planning economics at Renmin University of China from 1982 to 1984 and was awarded his master s degree of finance in
1984. Mr. Liu s significant financial expertise qualifies him to serve on our Board and led the Board to conclude that he should
be nominated as a director. 

Ms. LuLu Sun was appointed
a director on August 5, 2015. Ms. Sun serves as Marketing Director for Net Engine Power Tech. Ltd. Co. in China from June 2013 to present,
and she was the New Media Business Development Director for Rayli Magazine in China from June 2009 to May 2013. From July 2002 to May
2009, Ms. Sun was the Business Development Project Manager for Sina Mobile in China. Ms. Sun s extensive experience in marketing
and business development in China qualifies her to serve on our Board and led the Board to conclude that she should be nominated as a
director. 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

The Company s current Board leadership structure
separates the board chair and principal executive officer roles into two positions. Mr. Ku has served as both Chairman of the Board and
CEO of the Company since April 1, 2009. Our Board continues to believe there are important advantages to Mr. Ku serving in both roles
at this time. Mr. Ku is the director most familiar with our business and industry and is best situated to propose Board agendas and lead
Board discussions on important matters. Mr. Ku provides a strong link between management and the Board, which promotes clear communication
and enhances strategic planning and implementation of corporate strategies. Another advantage is the clarity of leadership provided by
one person representing us to employees, stockholders and other stakeholders. The Board has not named a lead independent director. 

Our Board is responsible for oversight of the
Company s risk management practices while management is responsible for the day-to-day risk management processes. In the Board s
opinion, this division of responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the risks facing the Company. The Board receives
periodic reports from management regarding the most significant risks facing the Company. In addition, the Audit Committee assists the
Board in its oversight of our risk assessment and risk management policies. Our Audit Committee is empowered to appoint and oversee our
independent registered public accounting firm, monitor the integrity of our financial reporting processes and systems of internal controls
and provide an avenue of communication among our independent auditors, management, our internal auditing department and our Board. 

Diversity 

The Board does not have a formal policy with respect
to Board nominee diversity. In recommending proposed nominees to the full Board, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is
charged with building and maintaining a board that has an ideal mix of talent and experience to achieve our business objectives in the
current environment. In particular, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is focused on relevant subject matter expertise,
depth of knowledge in key areas that are important to us, and diversity of thought, background, perspective and experience so as to facilitate
robust debate and broad thinking on strategies and tactics pursued by us. 

The following Board Diversity
Matrix presents our Board diversity statistics in accordance with Nasdaq Rule 5606, as self-disclosed by our directors. While the Board
satisfies the minimum objectives of Nasdaq Rule 5605(f)(2) by having at least one director who identifies as female and at least one director
who identifies as a member of an Underrepresented Minority (as defined by Nasdaq Rules), the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
will continue to consider the diversity of our Board in its selection of director nominees. The following table provides certain information
regarding the diversity of our Board of Directors as of the date of this annual report. 

Board Diversity Matrix
(As of the date of this annual report) 

Total Number of Directors 
 
 Female 

Male 

Non-Binary 

Did Not 
Disclose 
Gender 

Part I: Gender Identity 

Directors 

1 

4 

Part II: Demographic Background 

African American or Black 

Alaskan Native or American Indian 

Asian 

1 

4 

Hispanic or Latinx 

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 

White 

Two or More Races or Ethnicities 

LGBTQ+ 

Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 

64 

Director Independence 

Xiaoping Guo, LuLu Sun and Zhongli Liu are our
only non-employee directors, and our Board determined that each of them is independent pursuant to the listing rules of Nasdaq. All of
the members of each of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee are independent as
defined in Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2). As required under applicable Nasdaq listing standards, in the 2022 fiscal year, our independent directors
met once in regularly scheduled executive sessions at which only our independent directors were present. 

Board Meetings and Committee Meeting; Annual Meeting Attendance 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board
held two meetings and acted through unanimous consent on eight different occasions. In addition, the Audit Committee held four meetings;
the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee held one meeting; and the Compensation Committee held one meeting. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, each of the directors attended, in person or by telephone, more than 75 of the meetings of the Board and the committees
on which he or she served. We encourage our Board members to attend our Annual Meetings, but we do not have a formal policy requiring
attendance. 

Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee 

The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
currently consists of Xiaoping Guo, Zhongli Liu and LuLu Sun. Ms. LuLu Sun is the chairman of our Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee oversees all aspects of the Company s corporate governance functions
on behalf of the Board, including identifying individuals qualified to become directors, recommending to the Board the selection of director
nominees for each meeting of the stockholders at which directors are elected and overseeing the monitoring and evaluation of the Company s
corporate governance practices. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee reviewed the performance of all of the current members
of the Board and determined and recommended to the Board that all of the current directors should be nominated for re-election. No other
candidates were recommended or evaluated. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee operates under a written charter, which is available
on our website at www.creg-cn.com under the links Investor Relations Corporate Governance. 

Selection of Board Nominees 

Our Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
is responsible for identifying, selecting and evaluating Board candidates. From a general perspective, candidates are reviewed in the
context of the existing Board members, our operating requirements and the long-term interests of our stockholders. In selecting candidates
for appointment or re-election to the Board, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board considers the following criteria:
(i) personal and professional ethics and integrity, including a reputation for integrity and honesty in the business community; (ii) experience
as an executive officer of companies or as a senior leader of complex organizations, including scientific, government, financial or technological
organizations; (iii) financial knowledge, including an understanding of finance, accounting, the financial reporting process, and company
measures for operating and strategic performance; (iv) ability to critically and independently evaluate business issues, contributing
diverse perspectives or viewpoints, and making practical and mature judgments; (v) a genuine interest in the Company, and the ability
to spend the time required to make substantial contributions as a director; and (vi) no conflict of interest or legal impediment that
would interfere with the duty of loyalty to the Company and its stockholders. In addition, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
reviews the qualifications of the directors to be appointed to serve as members of the Audit Committee to ensure that they meet the financial
literacy and sophistication requirements under the Nasdaq rules and that at least one of them qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert under the rules of the SEC. 

65 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee currently consists of Xiaoping
Guo, Zhongli Liu and LuLu Sun, each of whom is independent under Nasdaq listing standards. Zhongli Liu serves as chairman of our Audit
Committee. 

The Board determined Mr. Liu qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert, as defined by Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2) and Item 407 of Regulation S-K. In reaching this determination,
the Board made a qualitative assessment of Mr. Liu s level of knowledge and experience based on a number of objective and subjective
factors, including formal education, financial and accounting acumen, and business experience. The Audit Committee is responsible for
assisting the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to: (i) the financial reports and other financial information
provided by us to the public or any governmental body; (ii) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (iii) our systems of
internal controls regarding finance, accounting and legal compliance that have been established by management and the Board; (iv) the
qualifications and independence of our independent registered public accounting firm; (v) the performance of our internal audit function
and the independent registered public accounting firm; and (vi) our auditing, accounting and financial reporting processes generally.
The Audit Committee has been established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. In connection with its responsibilities,
the Board has delegated to the Audit Committee the authority to select and hire our independent registered public accounting firm and
determine their fees and retention terms. The Audit Committee s policy is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services by category,
including audit-related services, tax services, and other permitted non-audit services. In accordance with the policy, the Audit Committee
regularly reviews and receives updates on specific services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All services
rendered by Kreit Chiu CPA LLP to the Company are permissible under applicable laws and regulations. During fiscal year 2022, all
services requiring pre-approval and performed by the Company s accounting firm, Kreit Chiu CPA LLP, were approved in advance
by the Audit Committee in accordance with the pre-approval policy. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter, which is available
on our website at www.creg-cn.com under the links Investor Relations Corporate Governance. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee currently consists
of Xiaoping Guo, Zhongli Liu and LuLu Sun. Mr. Guo is the chairman of our Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee s purpose
is (i) to oversee the Company s efforts to attract, retain and motivate members of the Company s senior management team, (ii)
to carry out the Board s overall responsibility relating to the determination of compensation for all executive officers, (iii)
to oversee all other aspects of the Company s compensation policies, and to oversee the Company s management resources, succession
planning and management development activities. The Compensation Committee has the authority to engage independent advisors to assist
it in carrying out its duties. During fiscal year 2022, the Compensation Committee did not engage the services of any independent advisors,
experts or other third parties. We believe that the functioning of our Compensation Committee complies with any applicable requirements
of Nasdaq and SEC rules and regulations. The Compensation Committee operates under a written charter, which is available on our website
at www.creg-cn.com under the links Investor Relations Corporate Governance. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in Compensation
Decisions 

All members of the Compensation Committee are
independent directors. No current member of our Compensation Committee is a current or former officer or employee of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries, and no director or executive officer of the Company is a director or executive officer of any other corporation that
has a director or executive officer who is also a director of the Company. 

66 

Stockholder Communication with the Board of Directors 

Stockholders may communicate with the Board by
writing to the attention of Ms. Adeline Gu, our Secretary, at 4/F, Tower C, Rong Cheng Yun Gu Building, Keji 3rd Road, Yanta District,
Xi an City, Shaanxi Province, 710075 China. 

Code of Ethics 

We adopted a code of ethics as defined
by regulations promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Exchange Act that applies to all of our directors and
employees worldwide, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. A current
copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at www.creg-cn.com under the links Investor Relations
 Corporate Governance. We intend to disclose any amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as any waivers
for executive officers or directors, on our website. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
executive officers, directors and holders of more than 10 of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports
of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities. Based solely on our review of the copies of these reports, we
believe that all filing requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act were timely complied with during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table summarizes the compensation
earned during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, by those individuals who served as our CEO, or CFO during any part of fiscal
year 2022 and our other most highly compensated executive officer. The individuals listed in the table below are referred to as the named
executive officers. 

Name and Principal 
 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Position Year 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 )(4) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Guohua Ku 
 2022 
 32,239 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 32,239 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 2021 
 32,239 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 32,239 
 
 Yongjiang (Jackie) Shi 
 2022 
 32,239 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 32,239 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 32,239 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 32,239 
 
 Binfeng (Adeline) Gu 
 2022 
 25,075 

25,075 
 
 Secretary 
 2021 
 25,075 

25,075 

67 

Narrative to Summary Compensation Table 

During the 2022 fiscal year, we used base salary
as the exclusive executive compensation to our executive officers. We use base salary to fairly and competitively compensate our executives,
including the named executive officers, for the jobs we ask them to perform. We view base salary as the most stable component of our executive
compensation program, as this amount is not at risk. We believe that the base salaries of our executives should be targeted at or above
the median of base salaries for executives in similar positions with similar responsibilities at comparable companies, consistent with
our compensation philosophy. Because of our emphasis on performance-based compensation for executives, base salary adjustments are generally
made only when we believe there is a significant deviation from the market or an increase in responsibility. Our Compensation Committee
reviews the base salary levels of our executives each year to determine whether an adjustment is warranted or necessary. 

Employment Contracts 

Mr. Guohua Ku entered into an employment agreement
with the Company to serve as its CEO on December 10, 2008. The agreement had a two-year term, starting December 10, 2008, that included
a one-month probationary period. In accordance with the terms and conditions of Mr. Ku s employment agreement, on December 10, 2010,
2014, December 10, 2016, December 10, 2018 and December 10, 2020, more recently, on December 10, 2022, the Company and Mr. Ku agreed to
renew Mr. Ku s employment agreement for an additional two-year term. Mr. Ku receives a salary of RMB 216,000 33,078) annually
for his service as CEO. The Company may terminate the employment agreement at any time without any prior notice to the employee if Mr.
Ku engages in certain conduct, including, but not limited to (i) the violation of the rules and procedures of the Company or breaches
the terms of the employment agreement; (ii) neglecting his duties or engages in malpractice for personal gain that damages the Company;
(iii) entering into an employment relationship with any other employer during his employment with the Company; or (iv) the commission
of a crime. The Company also may terminate the employment agreement upon 30 days written notice to Mr. Ku under certain other conditions,
including but not limited to (i) inability to continue position due to non-work-related sickness or injury; (ii) incompetence; and (iii)
the need for mass layoffs or other restructuring. Mr. Ku has the right to resign at any time upon a 30-day written notice to the Company. 

Mr. Yongjiang Shi entered into an employment agreement
with the Company on December 16, 2019, effective as of December 20, 2019, in connection with his appointment to serve as the CFO and vice
President of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of Mr. Shi s employment agreement, he receives a cash compensation in the
amount of RMB 16,000 (approximately 2,300) per month for his service as the CFO and Vice President and is also entitled to receive an
annual equity award of at least 5,000 shares of common stock of the Company. The term of the employment agreement is for 24 months and
may be renewed for an additional term by the Company upon 30-day notice prior to its termination. This employment agreement may be terminated
by the Company or Mr. Shi at any time without any prior notice. On December 16, 2021, the Company and Mr. Shi agreed to renew Mr. Shi s
employment agreement for an additional two-year term. Mr. Shi receives a salary of RMB 216,000 32,239) annually for his service as CFO. 

Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change
of Control 

Employment Agreements 

Certain of our executive officers, including our
CEO, have employment agreements with the Company. Under Chinese law, we may only terminate employment agreements without cause and without
penalty by providing notice of non-renewal one month prior to the date on which the employment agreement is scheduled to expire. If we
fail to provide this notice or if we wish to terminate an employment agreement in the absence of cause, as defined in the agreement, then
we are obligated to pay the employee one month s salary for each year we have employed the employee. We are, however, permitted
to terminate an employee for cause without penalty pursuant to the employment agreement. 

2015 Plan 

In June of 2015, the stockholders of the Company
approved the China Recycling Energy Corporation Omnibus Equity Plan (the 2015 Equity Plan at its annual meeting. The total
aggregate shares of common stock authorized for issuance during the term of the 2015 Equity Plan is 124,626 shares of the Company s
authorized shares of Common Stock, as adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split, effected on April 13, 2020. The 2015 Equity Plan will terminate
on the earliest to occur of (i) the 10th anniversary of the Equity Plan s effective date, or (ii) the date on which all shares available
for issuance under the Equity Plan shall have been issued as fully-vested shares. We have not granted any options to purchase shares of
our common stock under the 2015 Equity Plan during the 2022 fiscal year. 

68 

NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Non-Employee Director Compensation 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding the compensation earned by or awarded during the 2022 fiscal year to each of our non-executive directors: 

Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 LuLu Sun 
 7,813 

7,813 
 
 Xiaoping Guo 
 7,813 

7,813 
 
 Zhongli Liu 
 7,813 

7,813 

In setting director compensation, we consider
the significant amount of time that directors expend in fulfilling their duties to the Company, as well as the skill level required to
serve as a director and manage the affairs of the Company. Each non-employee director receives an annual Board fee of RMB 50,000. Non employee
directors do not receive additional fees for attendance at Board or Board committee meetings or for serving on Board Committees. There
were no stock options granted and exercised by non-employee directors during the 2022 fiscal year. There were no option awards outstanding
as of December 31, 2022, for any of the non-employee directors. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT 

The following table sets forth certain information
provided to us by each of the following as of the date of this report (unless otherwise indicated) regarding their beneficial ownership
of our common stock: 

each person, entity or group (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our directors and named executive officers; and 

all of our directors and named executive officers as a group. 

69 

Information relating to beneficial ownership of
common stock by our principal stockholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership 
concepts under the rules of the SEC. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person directly
or indirectly has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power,
which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any
security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the SEC rules, more than one person may
be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which
he or she may not have any pecuniary interest. The address for each director and executive officer is 4/F, Tower C, Rong Cheng Yun Gu
Building, Keji 3rd Road, Yanta District, Xi an City, Shaanxi Province, China 710075. 

Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Number of Shares 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Guohua Ku 
 1,154,477 
 15.12 
 
 Yongjiang (Jackie) Shi 
 0 (1) 

Adeline Gu 
 500 (2) 

Yan Zhan 
 0 

Xiaoping Guo 
 0 

Zhongli Liu 
 0 

LuLu Sun 
 0 

All executive officers and directors as a group (7 persons) 
 1,154,477 
 15.12 
 
 Other 5 Stockholders 

Eastern Good Investments, Ltd. 
 440,000 
 5.76 
 
 Keen Merit Investments, Ltd. 
 440,000 
 5.76 
 
 Lead Crest Investments, Ltd. 
 440,000 
 5.76 

Less
than one percent (1 of outstanding shares. 

1. Excludes
at least 5,000 shares issuable to Mr. Shi annually pursuant to the term of his employment agreement with the Company. 

2. Represents
500 shares of common stock subject to currently exercisable stock options on September 28, 2016. Ms. Gu has not received further shares
subject to exercisable stock options since September 28, 2016. 

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
we have not issued any shares of common stock under the 2015 Plan. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had [ ] and 27,357, respectively, in advances from the Company s management, which bear no interest, are unsecured, and are
payable upon demand. 

On February 23, 2021, the Company entered into
securities purchase agreements with several non-U.S. investors (the Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Company agreed
to sell to the Purchasers, up to 3,320,000 shares of common stock of the Company, at 11.522 per share. One of the purchasers
is the Company s CEO (who is also the Company s Chairman), who purchased 1,000,000 common shares of the Company. In April
2021, the Company s CEO amended the number of shares that he would purchase from 1,000,000 shares to 940,000 shares. In April 2021
the Company returned to the Company s CEO the 691,320 in extra proceeds that had been received earlier. 

70 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Audit and Non-Audit Fees 

Kreit Chiu is the independent registered
certified public accounting firm to audit the books and accounts of our Company and subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. The following table presents the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered to us for the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 by Kreit Chiu, respectively. 

The aggregate fees and
expenses included in the Audit category are fees and expenses billed for the fiscal years for the audit of our annual financial statements
and review of our interim financial statements and statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees and expenses included in each
of the other categories are fees and expenses billed in the fiscal years. 

Kreit Chiu CPA LLP 

Fiscal Year 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 237,312 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 -- 
 
 Tax Fees 
 -- 
 
 All Other Fees 
 -- 
 
 Total 
 237,312 

Fiscal Year 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 193,857 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 193,857 

Audit Fees for the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 were for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and of our internal
control over financial reporting and quarterly review of the financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 

Audit-Related Fees are fees not included
in audit fees that are billed by the independent accountant for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements, which include audits in connection with acquisitions. 

Tax Fees are fees billed by the independent
accountant for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees are fees billed by
the independent accountant for products and services not included in the foregoing categories. 

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
has determined that the provision of these services is compatible with the maintenance of the independence of Kreit Chiu CPA LLP. 

Pre-approval Policies and Procedures 

The Audit Committee has adopted a policy to pre-approve
all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. The pre-approval policy is
detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is subject to a specific budget. The services include the engagement
of the independent registered public accounting firm for audit services, audit-related services, and tax services. 

If we need to engage the independent registered
public accounting firm for other services, which are not considered subject to the general pre-approval as described above, then the Audit
Committee must approve such specific engagement as well as the projected fees. If the timing of the project requires an expedited decision,
then the Audit Committee has delegated to the Chairman of the Committee the authority to pre-approve such engagement, subject to fee limitations.
The Chairman must report all such pre- approvals to the entire Audit Committee for ratification at the next Audit Committee meeting. 

71 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.05 to the Company s Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001). 

3.2 
 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 9, 2022). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Change (filed as Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 24, 2016). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 9, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Common Stock Specimen (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated November 12, 2004; 1934 Act File No. 333-120431). 

4.2 

Description of Securities of China Recycling Energy Corporation registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended(filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed on May 14, 2020). 

10.1 
 
 Supplementary Agreement by and between Inner Mongolia Erdos TCH Energy Saving Development Co., Ltd. and Inner Mongolia Erdos Metallurgy Co., Ltd., dated December 1, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009). 

10.2 
 
 Joint Operation Agreement by and between Xi an TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Inner Mongolia Erdos Metallurgy Co., Ltd., dated January 20, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2009). 

10.3 
 
 Form of Independent Director Agreement. (filed as Exhibit 10.28 on the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on February 5, 2010). 

10.4 
 
 English Translation of Employment Agreement between the Company and Guohua Ku, dated December 10, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022). 

10.5 
 
 English Translation of Employment Agreement between the Company and Yongjiang Shi, dated December 16, 2021(filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022). 

10.6 
 
 Biomass Power Generation Asset Transfer Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 16, 2013). 

10.7 
 
 Biomass Power Generation Project Lease Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 16, 2013). 

10.8 
 
 Partnership Agreement of Beijing Hongyuan Recycling Energy Investment Center, LLP, dated July 18, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2013). 

10.9 
 
 EPC Contract for Boxing CDQ Waste Heat Power Generation Project, dated July 22, 2013, by and between Xi an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd and Xi an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2013). 

10.10 
 
 EPC Contract for CDQ Power Generation Project of Xuzhou Tianyu Group, dated July 22, 2013, by and between Xi an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd and Xi an H201uaxin New Energy Co., Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2013). 

72 

10.11 
 
 Cooperation Agreement, dated July 22, 2013, by and between Xi an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. and Jiangsu Tianyu Energy and Chemical Group Co., Ltd (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2013). 

10.12 
 
 Waste Heat Power Generation Energy Management Cooperative Agreement with Zhongtai (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 6, 2013). 

10.13 
 
 CDQ Power Generation Energy Management Cooperative Agreement with Rongfeng (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 17, 2013). 

10.14 
 
 China Recycling Energy Corporation Omnibus Equity Plan (Incorporated by reference from Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Schedule 14A filed on April 30, 2015). 

10.15 
 
 Transfer Agreement of CDQ Waste Heat Power Generation, dated November 16, 2015, by and between Xi an TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd and Tangshan Rongfeng Iron Steel Co., Ltd. and Xi an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 20, 2015). 

10.16 
 
 Xuzhou Zhongtai CDQ and Waste Heat Power Generation System Transfer Agreement, dated March 14, 2016, by Xi an TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd, Xuzhou Zhongtai Energy Technology Co., Ltd. and Xi an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 18, 2016). 

10.17 
 
 Repurchase Agreement for Coking Coal Gas Power Generation Project, dated June 22, 2016, by and between Xi an TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and Qitaihe City Boli Yida Coal Selection Co., Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated August 15, 2016). 

10.18 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P., dated July 11, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 17, 2018). 

10.19 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, issued by China Recycling Energy Corporation to Iliad Research and Trading, L.P., dated July 11, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 17, 2018). 

10.20 
 
 Equity Purchase Agreement by and between Shanghai TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd. and Jinhua Wang, dated September 30, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 30, 2018). 

10.21 
 
 Agreement of Supplementary and Amendment by and between Shanghai TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd. and Jinhua Wang, dated November 21, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 26, 2018). 

10.22 
 
 CDQ WHPG Station Fixed Assets Transfer Agreement, dated December 29, 2018, by and among Xi an Zhonghong, Xi an TCH, the HYREF, Guohua Ku and Chonggong Bai (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed on March 16, 2019). 

10.23 
 
 Buy-Back Agreement, dated December 29, 2018, by and among HYREF, Xi an Zhonghong, Xi an TCH, Guohua Ku, Chonggong Bai and Xi an Hanneng (filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed on March 16, 2019). 

10.24 
 
 Equity Transfer Agreement, dated December 29, 2018, by and between Xi an TCH and Hongyuan Huifu. (filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed on March 16, 2019) 

73 

10.25 
 
 Equity Transfer Agreement, dated December 29, 2018, by and between Shanghai TCH and HYREF. (filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed on April 16, 2019) 

10.26 
 
 Supplementary
Agreement of Equity Transfer Agreement, dated December 29, 2018, by and among Xi an TCH, Hongyuan Huifu, and the Fund Management
Company. (filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed
on April 16, 2019) 

10.27 
 
 Projects Transfer Agreement by and among Xi an Zhonghong, Xi an TCH, and Mr. Chonggong Bai, dated January 4, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed on April 16, 2019). 

10.28 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Great Essential Investment, Ltd, dated February 13, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 19, 2019). 

10.29 
 
 Termination of Equity Purchase Agreement and Supplementary Amendment Agreement by and between Shanghai TCH and Mr. Jihua Wang, dated March 29, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 29, 2019). 

10.30 
 
 Forebearance Agreement by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. dated September 11, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 11, 2019). 

10.31 
 
 Forebearance Agreement by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. dated September 19, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 19, 2019). 

10.32 
 
 Termination Agreement of Lease Agreement of Biomass Power Generation Project by and between Xi an TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd. and Pucheng Xin Heng Yuan Biomass Power Generation Co., Ltd. dated September 29, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 29, 2019). 

10.33 
 
 Exchange Agreement by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. dated October 16, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 16, 2019). 

10.34 
 
 Exchange Agreement by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. dated October 16, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 16, 2019). 

10.35 
 
 Amendment to Forebearance Agreement by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. dated December 16, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2019). 

10.36 
 
 Exchange Agreement by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. dated January 3, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 3, 2020). 

10.37 
 
 Exchange Agreement by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. dated January 13, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 13, 2020). 

10.38 
 
 Exchange Agreement by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. dated May 4, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated May 4, 2020). 

74 

10.39 

Employment Agreement by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Yongjiang (Jackie) Shi, dated May 8, 2020(filed as Exhibit 10.38 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed on May 14, 2020). 

10.40 
 
 Exchange Agreement dated as of May 15, 2020 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Lliad Research and Trading, L.P. (filed as Exhibit 10.39 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated May 21, 2020). 

10.41 
 
 Forbearance Agreement dated as of May 15, 2020 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Lliad Research and Trading, L.P. (filed as Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated May 21, 2020). 

10.42 
 
 Exchange Agreement dated as of May 29, 2020 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Lliad Research and Trading, L.P. (filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated June 4, 2020). 

10.43 
 
 Equity Acquisition Agreement dated as of December 22, 2020 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Shanghai TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd., Zheng Feng, Yinhua Zhang, Weidong Xu and Xi an Taiying Energy Saving Technology Co., Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10.43 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated December 29, 2020). 

10.44 
 
 Promissory Note dated as of December 4, 2020 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Streeterville Capital, LLC. (filed as Exhibit 10.43 to the Company s Form S-1/A dated October 6, 2021) 

10.45 
 
 Exchange Agreements dated as of August 24, 2021 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Streeterville Capital, LLC. (filed as Exhibit 10.44 to the Company s Form S-1/A dated October 6, 2021) 

10.46 
 
 Exchange Agreements dated as of August 31, 2021 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Streeterville Capital, LLC. (filed as Exhibit 10.45 to the Company s Form S-1/A dated October 6, 2021) 

10.47 
 
 Exchange Agreements dated as of September 1, 2021 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Streeterville Capital, LLC. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q dated November 12, 2021) 

10.48 
 
 Exchange Agreements dated as of October 8, 2021 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Streeterville Capital, LLC. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q dated November 12, 2021) 

10.49 
 
 Exchange Agreements dated as of October 21, 2021 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Streeterville Capital, LLC. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q dated November 12, 2021) 

75 

10.50 
 
 Exchange Agreements dated as of October 25, 2021 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Streeterville Capital, LLC. (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q dated November 12, 2021) 

10.51 
 
 Exchange Agreements dated as of November 9, 2021 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Streeterville Capital, LLC. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q dated November 12, 2021) 

10.52 
 
 Exchange Agreements dated as of November 30, 2021 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Streeterville Capital, LLC. (filed as Exhibit to the Company s Amendment to Registration Statement on Form S1/A dated December 3, 2021) 

10.53 
 
 Exchange Agreements dated as of November 7, 2022 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Bucktown Capital, LLC. 

10.54 
 
 Exchange Agreements dated as of January 6, 2023 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Bucktown Capital, LLC. 

10.55 
 
 Exchange Agreements dated as of January 18, 2023 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Bucktown Capital, LLC. 

10.56 
 
 Exchange Agreements dated as of February 13, 2023 by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Bucktown Capital, LLC. 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (filed as Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 2, 2009). 

19.1 
 
 Insider Trading Policy, dated November 25, 2009. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries (filed as Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated May 14, 2020). 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification of the Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification of the Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

76 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Smart Powerr Corp. 

Date: May 8, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Guohua Ku 

Guohua Ku 

Chairman of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: May 8, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yongjiang Shi 

Yongjiang Shi 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and 
Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the date indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Guohua Ku 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 May 8, 2023 
 
 Guohua Ku 

/s/ Xiaoping Guo 
 
 Director 
 
 May 8, 2023 
 
 Xiaoping Guo 

/s/ Yan Zhan 
 
 Director 
 
 May 8, 2023 
 
 Yan Zhan 

/s/ LuLu Sun 
 
 Director 
 
 May 8, 2023 
 
 LuLu Sun 

/s/ Zhongli Liu 
 
 Director 
 
 May 8, 2023 
 
 Zhongli Liu 

77 

<EX-10.53>
 2
 f10k2022ex10-53_smartpowerr.htm
 EXCHANGE AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 7, 2022 BY AND BETWEEN CHINA RECYCLING ENERGY CORPORATION AND BUCKTOWN CAPITAL, LLC

Exhibit 10.53 

THE EXCHANGE CONTEMPLATED HEREIN
IS INTENDED TO COMPORT WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 3(a)(9) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. 

EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 

This Exchange
Agreement (this Agreement is entered into as of November 7, 2022 by and between Bucktown Capital, LLC, a Utah limited
liability company Lender ), and Smart Powerr Corp. (f/k/a China Recycling Energy Corporation), a Nevada corporation Borrower ). Capitalized terms used in this Agreement without definition shall have the meanings given to them in
the Original Note (defined below). 

A. Borrower
previously sold and issued to Lender that certain Promissory Note dated April 2, 2021 in the original principal amount of 5,250,000.00
(the Original Note pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 2, 2021 by and between Lender
and Borrower (the Purchase Agreement, and together with the Original Note and all other documents entered into in
conjunction therewith, the Transaction Documents ). 

B. Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, Borrower and Lender desire to partition a new Promissory Note in the original principal amount of 100,000.00
(the Partitioned Note from the Original Note and then cause the outstanding balance of the Original Note to be reduced
by an amount equal to the initial outstanding balance of the Partitioned Note. 

C. Borrower
and Lender further desire to exchange (such exchange is referred to as the Note Exchange the Partitioned Note for
the delivery of 33,944 shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value 0.001 (the Common Stock , and such 33,944
shares of Common Stock, the Exchange Shares ), according to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

D. The
Note Exchange will consist of Lender surrendering the Partitioned Note in exchange for the Exchange Shares, which will be issued free
of any restrictive securities legend pursuant to Rule 144. Other than the surrender of the Partitioned Note, no consideration of any kind
whatsoever shall be given by Lender to Borrower in connection with this Agreement. 

E. Lender
and Borrower now desire to exchange the Partitioned Note for the Exchange Shares on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE,
for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Recitals
and Definitions . Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the recitals set forth above in this Agreement are true and
accurate, are contractual in nature, and are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. 

2. Partition .
Effective as of the date hereof, Borrower and Lender agree that the Partitioned Note is hereby partitioned from the Original Note. Following
such partition of the Original Note, Borrower and Lender agree that the Original Note shall remain in full force and effect, provided
that the outstanding balance of the Original Note shall be reduced by an amount equal to the initial outstanding balance of the Partitioned
Note. 

3. Issuance
of Shares . Pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Exchange Shares shall be delivered to Lender on or before November
10, 2022 and the Note Exchange shall occur with Lender surrendering the Partitioned Note to Borrower on the Free Trading Date (as defined
below). On the Free Trading Date, the Partitioned Note shall be cancelled and all obligations of Borrower under the Partitioned Note shall
be deemed fulfilled. All Exchange Shares delivered hereunder shall be delivered via DWAC to Lender s designated brokerage account.
Subject to the securities laws and regulations, Borrower agrees to provide all necessary cooperation or assistance that may be required
to cause all Exchange Shares delivered hereunder to become Free Trading (the first date such occurs, the Free Trading Date ).
For purposes hereof, the term Free Trading means that (a) the Exchange Shares have been cleared and approved for
public resale by the compliance departments of Lender s brokerage firm and the clearing firm servicing such brokerage, and (b) such
shares are held in the name of the clearing firm servicing Lender s brokerage firm and have been deposited into such clearing firm s
account for the benefit of Lender. 

4. Closing .
The closing of the transaction contemplated hereby (the Closing along with the delivery of the Exchange Shares to
Lender shall occur on the date that is mutually agreed to by Borrower and Lender by means of the exchange by email of .pdf documents,
but shall be deemed to have occurred at the offices of Hansen Black Anderson Ashcraft PLLC in Lehi, Utah. 

5. Holding
Period, Tacking and Legal Opinion . Lender and Borrower agree that for the purposes of Rule 144 Rule 144 of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the holding period of the Partitioned Note and the Exchange
Shares will include Lender s holding period of the Original Note from April 2, 2021, which date is the date that the Original Note
was originally issued. Borrower agrees not to take a position contrary to this Section 5 in any document, statement, setting, or situation.
Borrower agrees to take all action necessary to issue the Exchange Shares without restriction, and not containing any restrictive legend
without the need for any action by Lender; provided that the applicable holding period has been met. In furtherance thereof, prior to
the Closing, counsel to Lender may, in its sole discretion, provide an opinion that: (a) the Exchange Shares may be resold pursuant to
Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements; and (b) the transactions contemplated
hereby and all other documents associated with this transaction comport with the requirements of Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act.
Borrower represents that it is in full compliance with the tests and standards set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) as of the date of this Agreement.
The Exchange Shares are being issued in substitution of and exchange for and not in satisfaction of the Partitioned Note. The Exchange
Shares shall not constitute a novation or satisfaction and accord of the Partitioned Note. Borrower acknowledges and understands that
the representations and agreements of Borrower in this Section 5 are a material inducement to Lender s decision to consummate the
transactions contemplated herein. 

2 

6. Representations,
Warranties and Agreements of Borrower . In order to induce Lender to enter into this Agreement, Borrower, for itself, and for its
affiliates, successors and assigns, hereby acknowledges, represents, warrants and agrees as follows: (a) Borrower has full power and
authority to enter into this Agreement and to incur and perform all obligations and covenants contained herein, all of which have
been duly authorized by all proper and necessary action, (b) no consent, approval, filing or registration with or notice to any
governmental authority is required as a condition to the validity of this Agreement or the performance of any of the obligations of
Borrower hereunder, (c) except as specifically set forth herein, nothing herein shall in any manner release, lessen, modify or
otherwise affect Borrower s obligations under the Original Note, (d) the issuance of the Exchange Shares is duly authorized by
all necessary corporate action and the Exchange Shares are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all
taxes, liens, claims, pledges, mortgages, restrictions, obligations, security interests and encumbrances of any kind, nature and
description, (e) Borrower has not received any consideration in any form whatsoever for entering into this Agreement, other than the
surrender of the Partitioned Note, and (f) Borrower has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for a
brokerage commission, placement agent or finder s fee or other similar payment by Borrower related to this Agreement. 

7. Representations,
Warranties and Agreements of Lender . In order to induce Borrower to enter into this Agreement, Lender, for itself, and for its affiliates,
successors and assigns, hereby acknowledges, represents, warrants and agrees as follows: (a) Lender has full power and authority to enter
into this Agreement and to incur and perform all obligations and covenants contained herein, all of which have been duly authorized by
all proper and necessary action, and (b) no consent, approval, filing or registration with or notice to any governmental authority is
required as a condition to the validity of this Agreement or the performance of any of the obligations of Lender hereunder. 

8. Arbitration .
By its execution of this Agreement, each party agrees to be bound by the Arbitration Provisions (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)
set forth as an exhibit to the Purchase Agreement and the parties agree to submit all Claims (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) arising
under this Agreement or any Transaction Document or other agreement between the parties and their affiliates to binding arbitration pursuant
to the Arbitration Provisions. 

9. Governing
Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity,
interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Utah, without giving effect to
any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Utah or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the
application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Utah. The provisions set forth in the Purchase Agreement to determine
the proper venue for any disputes are incorporated herein by this reference. BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION
WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

10. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if all signing parties had signed the same
document. All counterparts shall be construed together and constitute the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Agreement
and of signature pages by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission (including email) shall constitute effective
execution and delivery of this Agreement as to the parties and may be used in lieu of the original Agreement for all purposes.
Signatures of the parties transmitted by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission (including email) shall be deemed
to be their original signatures for all purposes. 

3 

11.
 Attorneys Fees . In the event of any arbitration or action at law or in equity to enforce or interpret the terms of this
Agreement, the prevailing party shall therefore be entitled to an additional award of the full amount of the attorneys fees and
expenses paid by such prevailing party in connection with the arbitration, litigation and/or dispute without reduction or apportionment
based upon the individual claims or defenses giving rise to the fees and expenses. Nothing herein shall restrict or impair an arbitrator s
or a court s power to award fees and expenses for frivolous or bad faith pleading. 

12. No
Reliance . Each party acknowledges and agrees that neither the other party nor any of such other party s officers, directors,
members, managers, equity holders, representatives or agents has made any representations or warranties to the party or any of its agents,
representatives, officers, directors, or employees except as expressly set forth in this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and,
in making its decision to enter into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the party is not relying on any representation,
warranty, covenant or promise of the other party or such other party s officers, directors, members, managers, equity holders, agents
or representatives other than as set forth in this Agreement. 

13. Severability .
If any part of this Agreement is construed to be in violation of any law, such part shall be modified to achieve the objective of the
parties to the fullest extent permitted and the balance of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

14. Entire
Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Transaction Documents, and all other documents referred to herein, supersedes all other
prior oral or written agreements between Borrower, Lender, its affiliates and persons acting on its behalf with respect to the matters
discussed herein, and this Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect
to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither Lender nor Borrower makes any
representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. 

15. Amendments .
This Agreement may be amended, modified, or supplemented only by written agreement of the parties. No provision of this Agreement may
be waived except in writing signed by the party against whom such waiver is sought to be enforced. 

16. Successors and Assigns .
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns. This Agreement
or any of the severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Lender hereunder may be assigned by Lender
to a third party, including its financing sources, in whole or in part. Neither party shall assign this Agreement or any of its obligations
herein without the prior written consent of the other party. 

17. Continuing
Enforceability; Conflict Between Documents . Except as otherwise modified by this Agreement, the Original Note and each of the other
Transaction Documents shall remain in full force and effect, enforceable in accordance with all of its original terms and provisions.
This Agreement shall not be effective or binding unless and until it is fully executed and delivered by Lender and Borrower. If there
is any conflict between the terms of this Agreement, on the one hand, and the Original Note or any other Transaction Document, on the
other hand, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. 

18. Time
of Essence . Time is of the essence with respect to each and every provision of this Agreement. 

19. Notices .
Unless otherwise specifically provided for herein, all notices, demands or requests required or permitted under this Agreement to be given
to Borrower or Lender shall be given as set forth in the Notices section of the Purchase Agreement. 

20. Further
Assurances . Each party shall do and perform or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

[Remainder of page intentionally
left blank] 

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have
executed this Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 

COMPANY: 

SMART POWERR CORP. 

/s/ Guohua Ku 

Name: Guohua Ku 

Title:CEO 

LENDER: 

BUCKTOWN CAPITAL, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ John M. Fife 

John M. Fife, President 

[Signature Page to Exchange
Agreement] 

5 

</EX-10.53>

<EX-10.54>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-54_smartpowerr.htm
 EXCHANGE AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF JANUARY 6, 2023 BY AND BETWEEN CHINA RECYCLING ENERGY CORPORATION AND BUCKTOWN CAPITAL, LLC

Exhibit
10.54 

THE
EXCHANGE CONTEMPLATED HEREIN IS INTENDED TO COMPORT WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 3(a)(9) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. 

EXCHANGE
AGREEMENT 

This
Exchange Agreement (this Agreement is entered into as of January 6, 2023 by and between Bucktown Capital, LLC,
a Utah limited liability company Lender ), and Smart Powerr Corp. (f/k/a China Recycling Energy Corporation), a
Nevada corporation Borrower ). Capitalized terms used in this Agreement without definition shall have the meanings
given to them in the Original Note (defined below). 

A. Borrower
previously sold and issued to Lender that certain Promissory Note dated April 2, 2021 in the original principal amount of 5,250,000.00
(the Original Note pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 2, 2021 by and between Lender
and Borrower (the Purchase Agreement, and together with the Original Note and all other documents entered into in
conjunction therewith, the Transaction Documents ). 

B. Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, Borrower and Lender desire to partition a new Promissory Note in the original principal amount of 150,000.00
(the Partitioned Note from the Original Note and then cause the outstanding balance of the Original Note to be
reduced by an amount equal to the initial outstanding balance of the Partitioned Note. 

C. Borrower
and Lender further desire to exchange (such exchange is referred to as the Note Exchange the Partitioned Note for
the delivery of 63,025 shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value 0.001 (the Common Stock , and such
63,025 shares of Common Stock, the Exchange Shares ), according to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

D. The
Note Exchange will consist of Lender surrendering the Partitioned Note in exchange for the Exchange Shares, which will be issued free
of any restrictive securities legend pursuant to Rule 144. Other than the surrender of the Partitioned Note, no consideration of any
kind whatsoever shall be given by Lender to Borrower in connection with this Agreement. 

E. Lender
and Borrower now desire to exchange the Partitioned Note for the Exchange Shares on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Recitals
and Definitions . Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the recitals set forth above in this Agreement are true
and accurate, are contractual in nature, and are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. 

2. Partition .
Effective as of the date hereof, Borrower and Lender agree that the Partitioned Note is hereby partitioned from the Original Note. Following
such partition of the Original Note, Borrower and Lender agree that the Original Note shall remain in full force and effect, provided
that the outstanding balance of the Original Note shall be reduced by an amount equal to the initial outstanding balance of the Partitioned
Note. 

3. Issuance
of Shares . Pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Exchange Shares shall be delivered to Lender on or before
January 10, 2023 and the Note Exchange shall occur with Lender surrendering the Partitioned Note to Borrower on the Free Trading Date
(as defined below). On the Free Trading Date, the Partitioned Note shall be cancelled and all obligations of Borrower under the Partitioned
Note shall be deemed fulfilled. All Exchange Shares delivered hereunder shall be delivered via DWAC to Lender s designated brokerage
account. Subject to the securities laws and regulations, Borrower agrees to provide all necessary cooperation or assistance that may
be required to cause all Exchange Shares delivered hereunder to become Free Trading (the first date such occurs, the Free Trading
Date ). For purposes hereof, the term Free Trading means that (a) the Exchange Shares have been cleared
and approved for public resale by the compliance departments of Lender s brokerage firm and the clearing firm servicing such brokerage,
and (b) such shares are held in the name of the clearing firm servicing Lender s brokerage firm and have been deposited into such
clearing firm s account for the benefit of Lender. 

4. Closing .
The closing of the transaction contemplated hereby (the Closing along with the delivery of the Exchange Shares
to Lender shall occur on the date that is mutually agreed to by Borrower and Lender by means of the exchange by email of .pdf documents,
but shall be deemed to have occurred at the offices of Hansen Black Anderson Ashcraft PLLC in Lehi, Utah. 

5. Holding
Period, Tacking and Legal Opinion . Lender and Borrower agree that for the purposes of Rule 144 Rule 144 of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the holding period of the Partitioned Note and the
Exchange Shares will include Lender s holding period of the Original Note from April 2, 2021, which date is the date that the Original
Note was originally issued. Borrower agrees not to take a position contrary to this Section 5 in any document, statement, setting, or
situation. Borrower agrees to take all action necessary to issue the Exchange Shares without restriction, and not containing any restrictive
legend without the need for any action by Lender; provided that the applicable holding period has been met. In furtherance thereof, prior
to the Closing, counsel to Lender may, in its sole discretion, provide an opinion that: (a) the Exchange Shares may be resold pursuant
to Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements; and (b) the transactions contemplated
hereby and all other documents associated with this transaction comport with the requirements of Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act.
Borrower represents that it is in full compliance with the tests and standards set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) as of the date of this Agreement.
The Exchange Shares are being issued in substitution of and exchange for and not in satisfaction of the Partitioned Note. The Exchange
Shares shall not constitute a novation or satisfaction and accord of the Partitioned Note. Borrower acknowledges and understands that
the representations and agreements of Borrower in this Section 5 are a material inducement to Lender s decision to consummate the
transactions contemplated herein. 

2 

6. Representations,
Warranties and Agreements of Borrower . In order to induce Lender to enter into this Agreement, Borrower, for itself, and for its
affiliates, successors and assigns, hereby acknowledges, represents, warrants and agrees as follows: (a) Borrower has full power and
authority to enter into this Agreement and to incur and perform all obligations and covenants contained herein, all of which have been
duly authorized by all proper and necessary action, (b) no consent, approval, filing or registration with or notice to any governmental
authority is required as a condition to the validity of this Agreement or the performance of any of the obligations of Borrower hereunder,
(c) except as specifically set forth herein, nothing herein shall in any manner release, lessen, modify or otherwise affect Borrower s
obligations under the Original Note, (d) the issuance of the Exchange Shares is duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and
the Exchange Shares are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all taxes, liens, claims, pledges, mortgages,
restrictions, obligations, security interests and encumbrances of any kind, nature and description, (e) Borrower has not received any
consideration in any form whatsoever for entering into this Agreement, other than the surrender of the Partitioned Note, and (f) Borrower
has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for a brokerage commission, placement agent or finder s fee
or other similar payment by Borrower related to this Agreement. 

7. Representations,
Warranties and Agreements of Lender . In order to induce Borrower to enter into this Agreement, Lender, for itself, and for its affiliates,
successors and assigns, hereby acknowledges, represents, warrants and agrees as follows: (a) Lender has full power and authority to enter
into this Agreement and to incur and perform all obligations and covenants contained herein, all of which have been duly authorized by
all proper and necessary action, and (b) no consent, approval, filing or registration with or notice to any governmental authority is
required as a condition to the validity of this Agreement or the performance of any of the obligations of Lender hereunder. 

8. Arbitration .
By its execution of this Agreement, each party agrees to be bound by the Arbitration Provisions (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)
set forth as an exhibit to the Purchase Agreement and the parties agree to submit all Claims (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) arising
under this Agreement or any Transaction Document or other agreement between the parties and their affiliates to binding arbitration pursuant
to the Arbitration Provisions. 

9. Governing
Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity,
interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Utah, without giving effect
to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Utah or any other jurisdictions) that would cause
the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Utah. The provisions set forth in the Purchase Agreement to
determine the proper venue for any disputes are incorporated herein by this reference. BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING
OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

10. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if all signing parties had signed the same document.
All counterparts shall be construed together and constitute the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Agreement and of signature
pages by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission (including email) shall constitute effective execution and delivery
of this Agreement as to the parties and may be used in lieu of the original Agreement for all purposes. Signatures of the parties transmitted
by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission (including email) shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all
purposes. 

11. 
 Attorneys Fees . In the event of any arbitration or action at law or in equity to enforce or interpret the terms of this
Agreement, the prevailing party shall therefore be entitled to an additional award of the full amount of the attorneys fees and
expenses paid by such prevailing party in connection with the arbitration, litigation and/or dispute without reduction or apportionment
based upon the individual claims or defenses giving rise to the fees and expenses. Nothing herein shall restrict or impair an arbitrator s
or a court s power to award fees and expenses for frivolous or bad faith pleading. 

3 

12. No
Reliance . Each party acknowledges and agrees that neither the other party nor any of such other party s officers, directors,
members, managers, equity holders, representatives or agents has made any representations or warranties to the party or any of its agents,
representatives, officers, directors, or employees except as expressly set forth in this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and,
in making its decision to enter into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the party is not relying on any representation,
warranty, covenant or promise of the other party or such other party s officers, directors, members, managers, equity holders,
agents or representatives other than as set forth in this Agreement. 

13. Severability .
If any part of this Agreement is construed to be in violation of any law, such part shall be modified to achieve the objective of the
parties to the fullest extent permitted and the balance of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

14. Entire
Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Transaction Documents, and all other documents referred to herein, supersedes all other
prior oral or written agreements between Borrower, Lender, its affiliates and persons acting on its behalf with respect to the matters
discussed herein, and this Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect
to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither Lender nor Borrower makes
any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. 

15. Amendments .
This Agreement may be amended, modified, or supplemented only by written agreement of the parties. No provision of this Agreement may
be waived except in writing signed by the party against whom such waiver is sought to be enforced. 

16. Successors
and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns.
This Agreement or any of the severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Lender hereunder may be
assigned by Lender to a third party, including its financing sources, in whole or in part. Neither party shall assign this Agreement
or any of its obligations herein without the prior written consent of the other party. 

17. Continuing
Enforceability; Conflict Between Documents . Except as otherwise modified by this Agreement, the Original Note and each of the other
Transaction Documents shall remain in full force and effect, enforceable in accordance with all of its original terms and provisions.
This Agreement shall not be effective or binding unless and until it is fully executed and delivered by Lender and Borrower. If there
is any conflict between the terms of this Agreement, on the one hand, and the Original Note or any other Transaction Document, on the
other hand, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. 

18. Time
of Essence . Time is of the essence with respect to each and every provision of this Agreement. 

19. Notices .
Unless otherwise specifically provided for herein, all notices, demands or requests required or permitted under this Agreement to be
given to Borrower or Lender shall be given as set forth in the Notices section of the Purchase Agreement. 

20. Further
Assurances . Each party shall do and perform or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank] 

4 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 

COMPANY: 

SMART POWERR
 CORP. 

/s/
 Guohua Ku 

Name: 
 Guohua Ku 

Title: 
 CEO 

LENDER: 

BUCKTOWN CAPITAL,
 LLC 

By: 
 /s/ John
 M. Fife 

John M. Fife, President 

[Signature Page to Exchange Agreement] 

5 

</EX-10.54>

<EX-10.55>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-55_smartpowerr.htm
 EXCHANGE AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF JANUARY 18, 2023 BY AND BETWEEN CHINA RECYCLING ENERGY CORPORATION AND BUCKTOWN CAPITAL, LLC

Exhibit 10.55 

THE EXCHANGE CONTEMPLATED HEREIN
IS INTENDED TO COMPORT WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 3(a)(9) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. 

EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 

This Exchange Agreement
(this Agreement is entered into as of January 18, 2023 by and between Bucktown Capital, LLC, a Utah limited liability
company Lender ), and Smart Powerr Corp. (f/k/a China Recycling Energy Corporation), a Nevada corporation Borrower ).
Capitalized terms used in this Agreement without definition shall have the meanings given to them in the Original Note (defined below). 

A. Borrower
previously sold and issued to Lender that certain Promissory Note dated April 2, 2021 in the original principal amount of 5,250,000.00
(the Original Note pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 2, 2021 by and between Lender
and Borrower (the Purchase Agreement, and together with the Original Note and all other documents entered into in
conjunction therewith, the Transaction Documents ). 

B. Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, Borrower and Lender desire to partition a new Promissory Note in the original principal amount of 150,000.00
(the Partitioned Note from the Original Note and then cause the outstanding balance of the Original Note to be reduced
by an amount equal to the initial outstanding balance of the Partitioned Note. 

C. Borrower
and Lender further desire to exchange (such exchange is referred to as the Note Exchange the Partitioned Note for
the delivery of 70,754 shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value 0.001 (the Common Stock , and such 70,754
shares of Common Stock, the Exchange Shares ), according to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

D. The
Note Exchange will consist of Lender surrendering the Partitioned Note in exchange for the Exchange Shares, which will be issued free
of any restrictive securities legend pursuant to Rule 144. Other than the surrender of the Partitioned Note, no consideration of any kind
whatsoever shall be given by Lender to Borrower in connection with this Agreement. 

E. Lender
and Borrower now desire to exchange the Partitioned Note for the Exchange Shares on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE,
for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Recitals
and Definitions . Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the recitals set forth above in this Agreement are true and
accurate, are contractual in nature, and are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. 

2. Partition .
Effective as of the date hereof, Borrower and Lender agree that the Partitioned Note is hereby partitioned from the Original Note. Following
such partition of the Original Note, Borrower and Lender agree that the Original Note shall remain in full force and effect, provided
that the outstanding balance of the Original Note shall be reduced by an amount equal to the initial outstanding balance of the Partitioned
Note. 

3. Issuance
of Shares . Pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Exchange Shares shall be delivered to Lender on or before January
20, 2023 and the Note Exchange shall occur with Lender surrendering the Partitioned Note to Borrower on the Free Trading Date (as defined
below). On the Free Trading Date, the Partitioned Note shall be cancelled and all obligations of Borrower under the Partitioned Note shall
be deemed fulfilled. All Exchange Shares delivered hereunder shall be delivered via DWAC to Lender s designated brokerage account.
Subject to the securities laws and regulations, Borrower agrees to provide all necessary cooperation or assistance that may be required
to cause all Exchange Shares delivered hereunder to become Free Trading (the first date such occurs, the Free Trading Date ).
For purposes hereof, the term Free Trading means that (a) the Exchange Shares have been cleared and approved for
public resale by the compliance departments of Lender s brokerage firm and the clearing firm servicing such brokerage, and (b) such
shares are held in the name of the clearing firm servicing Lender s brokerage firm and have been deposited into such clearing firm s
account for the benefit of Lender. 

4. Closing .
The closing of the transaction contemplated hereby (the Closing along with the delivery of the Exchange Shares to
Lender shall occur on the date that is mutually agreed to by Borrower and Lender by means of the exchange by email of .pdf documents,
but shall be deemed to have occurred at the offices of Hansen Black Anderson Ashcraft PLLC in Lehi, Utah. 

5. Holding
Period, Tacking and Legal Opinion . Lender and Borrower agree that for the purposes of Rule 144 Rule 144 of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the holding period of the Partitioned Note and the Exchange
Shares will include Lender s holding period of the Original Note from April 2, 2021, which date is the date that the Original Note
was originally issued. Borrower agrees not to take a position contrary to this Section 5 in any document, statement, setting, or situation.
Borrower agrees to take all action necessary to issue the Exchange Shares without restriction, and not containing any restrictive legend
without the need for any action by Lender; provided that the applicable holding period has been met. In furtherance thereof, prior to
the Closing, counsel to Lender may, in its sole discretion, provide an opinion that: (a) the Exchange Shares may be resold pursuant to
Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements; and (b) the transactions contemplated
hereby and all other documents associated with this transaction comport with the requirements of Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act.
Borrower represents that it is in full compliance with the tests and standards set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) as of the date of this Agreement.
The Exchange Shares are being issued in substitution of and exchange for and not in satisfaction of the Partitioned Note. The Exchange
Shares shall not constitute a novation or satisfaction and accord of the Partitioned Note. Borrower acknowledges and understands that
the representations and agreements of Borrower in this Section 5 are a material inducement to Lender s decision to consummate the
transactions contemplated herein. 

2 

6. Representations,
Warranties and Agreements of Borrower . In order to induce Lender to enter into this Agreement, Borrower, for itself, and for its
affiliates, successors and assigns, hereby acknowledges, represents, warrants and agrees as follows: (a) Borrower has full power and
authority to enter into this Agreement and to incur and perform all obligations and covenants contained herein, all of which have
been duly authorized by all proper and necessary action, (b) no consent, approval, filing or registration with or notice to any
governmental authority is required as a condition to the validity of this Agreement or the performance of any of the obligations of
Borrower hereunder, (c) except as specifically set forth herein, nothing herein shall in any manner release, lessen, modify or
otherwise affect Borrower s obligations under the Original Note, (d) the issuance of the Exchange Shares is duly authorized by
all necessary corporate action and the Exchange Shares are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all
taxes, liens, claims, pledges, mortgages, restrictions, obligations, security interests and encumbrances of any kind, nature and
description, (e) Borrower has not received any consideration in any form whatsoever for entering into this Agreement, other than the
surrender of the Partitioned Note, and (f) Borrower has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for a
brokerage commission, placement agent or finder s fee or other similar payment by Borrower related to this Agreement. 

7. Representations,
Warranties and Agreements of Lender . In order to induce Borrower to enter into this Agreement, Lender, for itself, and for its affiliates,
successors and assigns, hereby acknowledges, represents, warrants and agrees as follows: (a) Lender has full power and authority to enter
into this Agreement and to incur and perform all obligations and covenants contained herein, all of which have been duly authorized by
all proper and necessary action, and (b) no consent, approval, filing or registration with or notice to any governmental authority is
required as a condition to the validity of this Agreement or the performance of any of the obligations of Lender hereunder. 

8. Arbitration .
By its execution of this Agreement, each party agrees to be bound by the Arbitration Provisions (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)
set forth as an exhibit to the Purchase Agreement and the parties agree to submit all Claims (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) arising
under this Agreement or any Transaction Document or other agreement between the parties and their affiliates to binding arbitration pursuant
to the Arbitration Provisions. 

9. Governing
Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity,
interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Utah, without giving effect to
any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Utah or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the
application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Utah. The provisions set forth in the Purchase Agreement to determine
the proper venue for any disputes are incorporated herein by this reference. BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION
WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

10. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if all signing parties had signed the same document.
All counterparts shall be construed together and constitute the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Agreement and of
signature pages by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission (including email) shall constitute effective execution and
delivery of this Agreement as to the parties and may be used in lieu of the original Agreement for all purposes. Signatures of the parties
transmitted by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission (including email) shall be deemed to be their original signatures
for all purposes. 

3 

11. 
 Attorneys Fees . In the event of any arbitration or action at law or in equity to enforce or interpret the terms of this
Agreement, the prevailing party shall therefore be entitled to an additional award of the full amount of the attorneys fees and
expenses paid by such prevailing party in connection with the arbitration, litigation and/or dispute without reduction or apportionment
based upon the individual claims or defenses giving rise to the fees and expenses. Nothing herein shall restrict or impair an arbitrator s
or a court s power to award fees and expenses for frivolous or bad faith pleading. 

12. No
Reliance . Each party acknowledges and agrees that neither the other party nor any of such other party s officers, directors,
members, managers, equity holders, representatives or agents has made any representations or warranties to the party or any of its agents,
representatives, officers, directors, or employees except as expressly set forth in this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and,
in making its decision to enter into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the party is not relying on any representation,
warranty, covenant or promise of the other party or such other party s officers, directors, members, managers, equity holders, agents
or representatives other than as set forth in this Agreement. 

13. Severability .
If any part of this Agreement is construed to be in violation of any law, such part shall be modified to achieve the objective of the
parties to the fullest extent permitted and the balance of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

14. Entire
Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Transaction Documents, and all other documents referred to herein, supersedes all other
prior oral or written agreements between Borrower, Lender, its affiliates and persons acting on its behalf with respect to the matters
discussed herein, and this Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect
to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither Lender nor Borrower makes any
representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. 

15. Amendments .
This Agreement may be amended, modified, or supplemented only by written agreement of the parties. No provision of this Agreement may
be waived except in writing signed by the party against whom such waiver is sought to be enforced. 

16. Successors
and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns.
This Agreement or any of the severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Lender hereunder may be
assigned by Lender to a third party, including its financing sources, in whole or in part. Neither party shall assign this Agreement
or any of its obligations herein without the prior written consent of the other party. 

17. Continuing
Enforceability; Conflict Between Documents . Except as otherwise modified by this Agreement, the Original Note and each of the other
Transaction Documents shall remain in full force and effect, enforceable in accordance with all of its original terms and provisions.
This Agreement shall not be effective or binding unless and until it is fully executed and delivered by Lender and Borrower. If there
is any conflict between the terms of this Agreement, on the one hand, and the Original Note or any other Transaction Document, on the
other hand, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. 

18. Time
of Essence . Time is of the essence with respect to each and every provision of this Agreement. 

19. Notices .
Unless otherwise specifically provided for herein, all notices, demands or requests required or permitted under this Agreement to be given
to Borrower or Lender shall be given as set forth in the Notices section of the Purchase Agreement. 

20. Further
Assurances . Each party shall do and perform or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

[Remainder of page intentionally
left blank] 

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have
executed this Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 

COMPANY: 

SMART POWERR CORP. 

/s/ Guohua Ku 

Name: 
 Guohua Ku 

Title: 
 CEO 

LENDER: 

BUCKTOWN CAPITAL, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ John M. Fife 

John M. Fife, President 

[Signature Page to Exchange Agreement] 

5 

</EX-10.55>

<EX-10.56>
 5
 f10k2022ex10-56_smartpowerr.htm
 EXCHANGE AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 13, 2023 BY AND BETWEEN CHINA RECYCLING ENERGY CORPORATION AND BUCKTOWN CAPITAL, LLC

Exhibit 10.56 

THE
EXCHANGE CONTEMPLATED HEREIN IS INTENDED TO COMPORT WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 3(a)(9) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. 

EXCHANGE
AGREEMENT 

This
Exchange Agreement (this Agreement is entered into as of February 13, 2023 by and between Bucktown Capital, LLC,
a Utah limited liability company Lender ), and Smart Powerr Corp. (f/k/a China Recycling Energy Corporation), a
Nevada corporation Borrower ). Capitalized terms used in this Agreement without definition shall have the meanings
given to them in the Original Note (defined below). 

A. Borrower
previously sold and issued to Lender that certain Promissory Note dated April 2, 2021 in the original principal amount of 5,250,000.00
(the Original Note pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 2, 2021 by and between Lender
and Borrower (the Purchase Agreement, and together with the Original Note and all other documents entered into in
conjunction therewith, the Transaction Documents ). 

B. Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, Borrower and Lender desire to partition a new Promissory Note in the original principal amount of 200,000.00
(the Partitioned Note from the Original Note and then cause the outstanding balance of the Original Note to be
reduced by an amount equal to the initial outstanding balance of the Partitioned Note. 

C. Borrower
and Lender further desire to exchange (such exchange is referred to as the Note Exchange the Partitioned Note for
the delivery of 107,758 shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value 0.001 (the Common Stock , and such
107,758 shares of Common Stock, the Exchange Shares ), according to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

D. The
Note Exchange will consist of Lender surrendering the Partitioned Note in exchange for the Exchange Shares, which will be issued free
of any restrictive securities legend pursuant to Rule 144. Other than the surrender of the Partitioned Note, no consideration of any
kind whatsoever shall be given by Lender to Borrower in connection with this Agreement. 

E. Lender
and Borrower now desire to exchange the Partitioned Note for the Exchange Shares on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Recitals
and Definitions . Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the recitals set forth above in this Agreement are true
and accurate, are contractual in nature, and are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. 

2. Partition .
Effective as of the date hereof, Borrower and Lender agree that the Partitioned Note is hereby partitioned from the Original Note. Following
such partition of the Original Note, Borrower and Lender agree that the Original Note shall remain in full force and effect, provided
that the outstanding balance of the Original Note shall be reduced by an amount equal to the initial outstanding balance of the Partitioned
Note. 

3. Issuance
of Shares . Pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Exchange Shares shall be delivered to Lender on or before
February 15, 2023 and the Note Exchange shall occur with Lender surrendering the Partitioned Note to Borrower on the Free Trading Date
(as defined below). On the Free Trading Date, the Partitioned Note shall be cancelled and all obligations of Borrower under the Partitioned
Note shall be deemed fulfilled. All Exchange Shares delivered hereunder shall be delivered via DWAC to Lender s designated brokerage
account. Subject to the securities laws and regulations, Borrower agrees to provide all necessary cooperation or assistance that may
be required to cause all Exchange Shares delivered hereunder to become Free Trading (the first date such occurs, the Free Trading
Date ). For purposes hereof, the term Free Trading means that (a) the Exchange Shares have been cleared
and approved for public resale by the compliance departments of Lender s brokerage firm and the clearing firm servicing such brokerage,
and (b) such shares are held in the name of the clearing firm servicing Lender s brokerage firm and have been deposited into such
clearing firm s account for the benefit of Lender. 

4. Closing .
The closing of the transaction contemplated hereby (the Closing along with the delivery of the Exchange Shares
to Lender shall occur on the date that is mutually agreed to by Borrower and Lender by means of the exchange by email of .pdf documents,
but shall be deemed to have occurred at the offices of Hansen Black Anderson Ashcraft PLLC in Lehi, Utah. 

5. Holding
Period, Tacking and Legal Opinion . Lender and Borrower agree that for the purposes of Rule 144 Rule 144 of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the holding period of the Partitioned Note and the
Exchange Shares will include Lender s holding period of the Original Note from April 2, 2021, which date is the date that the Original
Note was originally issued. Borrower agrees not to take a position contrary to this Section 5 in any document, statement, setting, or
situation. Borrower agrees to take all action necessary to issue the Exchange Shares without restriction, and not containing any restrictive
legend without the need for any action by Lender; provided that the applicable holding period has been met. In furtherance thereof, prior
to the Closing, counsel to Lender may, in its sole discretion, provide an opinion that: (a) the Exchange Shares may be resold pursuant
to Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements; and (b) the transactions contemplated
hereby and all other documents associated with this transaction comport with the requirements of Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act.
Borrower represents that it is in full compliance with the tests and standards set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) as of the date of this Agreement.
The Exchange Shares are being issued in substitution of and exchange for and not in satisfaction of the Partitioned Note. The Exchange
Shares shall not constitute a novation or satisfaction and accord of the Partitioned Note. Borrower acknowledges and understands that
the representations and agreements of Borrower in this Section 5 are a material inducement to Lender s decision to consummate the
transactions contemplated herein. 

6. Representations,
Warranties and Agreements of Borrower . In order to induce Lender to enter into this Agreement, Borrower, for itself, and for its
affiliates, successors and assigns, hereby acknowledges, represents, warrants and agrees as follows: (a) Borrower has full power and
authority to enter into this Agreement and to incur and perform all obligations and covenants contained herein, all of which have
been duly authorized by all proper and necessary action, (b) no consent, approval, filing or registration with or notice to any
governmental authority is required as a condition to the validity of this Agreement or the performance of any of the obligations of
Borrower hereunder, (c) except as specifically set forth herein, nothing herein shall in any manner release, lessen, modify or
otherwise affect Borrower s obligations under the Original Note, (d) the issuance of the Exchange Shares is duly authorized by
all necessary corporate action and the Exchange Shares are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all
taxes, liens, claims, pledges, mortgages, restrictions, obligations, security interests and encumbrances of any kind, nature and
description, (e) Borrower has not received any consideration in any form whatsoever for entering into this Agreement, other than the
surrender of the Partitioned Note, and (f) Borrower has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for a
brokerage commission, placement agent or finder s fee or other similar payment by Borrower related to this
Agreement. 

2 

7. Representations,
Warranties and Agreements of Lender . In order to induce Borrower to enter into this Agreement, Lender, for itself, and for its affiliates,
successors and assigns, hereby acknowledges, represents, warrants and agrees as follows: (a) Lender has full power and authority to enter
into this Agreement and to incur and perform all obligations and covenants contained herein, all of which have been duly authorized by
all proper and necessary action, and (b) no consent, approval, filing or registration with or notice to any governmental authority is
required as a condition to the validity of this Agreement or the performance of any of the obligations of Lender hereunder. 

8. Arbitration .
By its execution of this Agreement, each party agrees to be bound by the Arbitration Provisions (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)
set forth as an exhibit to the Purchase Agreement and the parties agree to submit all Claims (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) arising
under this Agreement or any Transaction Document or other agreement between the parties and their affiliates to binding arbitration pursuant
to the Arbitration Provisions. 

9. Governing
Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity,
interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Utah, without giving effect
to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Utah or any other jurisdictions) that would cause
the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Utah. The provisions set forth in the Purchase Agreement to
determine the proper venue for any disputes are incorporated herein by this reference. BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING
OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

10. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if all signing parties had signed the same
document. All counterparts shall be construed together and constitute the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Agreement
and of signature pages by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission (including email) shall constitute effective
execution and delivery of this Agreement as to the parties and may be used in lieu of the original Agreement for all purposes.
Signatures of the parties transmitted by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission (including email) shall be deemed
to be their original signatures for all purposes. 

11.
 Attorneys Fees . In the event of any arbitration or action at law or in equity to enforce or interpret the terms of this
Agreement, the prevailing party shall therefore be entitled to an additional award of the full amount of the attorneys fees and
expenses paid by such prevailing party in connection with the arbitration, litigation and/or dispute without reduction or apportionment
based upon the individual claims or defenses giving rise to the fees and expenses. Nothing herein shall restrict or impair an arbitrator s
or a court s power to award fees and expenses for frivolous or bad faith pleading. 

3 

12. No
Reliance . Each party acknowledges and agrees that neither the other party nor any of such other party s officers, directors,
members, managers, equity holders, representatives or agents has made any representations or warranties to the party or any of its agents,
representatives, officers, directors, or employees except as expressly set forth in this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and,
in making its decision to enter into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the party is not relying on any representation,
warranty, covenant or promise of the other party or such other party s officers, directors, members, managers, equity holders,
agents or representatives other than as set forth in this Agreement. 

13. Severability .
If any part of this Agreement is construed to be in violation of any law, such part shall be modified to achieve the objective of the
parties to the fullest extent permitted and the balance of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

14. Entire
Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Transaction Documents, and all other documents referred to herein, supersedes all other
prior oral or written agreements between Borrower, Lender, its affiliates and persons acting on its behalf with respect to the matters
discussed herein, and this Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect
to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither Lender nor Borrower makes
any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. 

15. Amendments .
This Agreement may be amended, modified, or supplemented only by written agreement of the parties. No provision of this Agreement may
be waived except in writing signed by the party against whom such waiver is sought to be enforced. 

16. Successors
and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns.
This Agreement or any of the severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Lender hereunder may be
assigned by Lender to a third party, including its financing sources, in whole or in part. Neither party shall assign this Agreement
or any of its obligations herein without the prior written consent of the other party. 

17.
 Continuing Enforceability; Conflict Between Documents . Except as otherwise modified by this Agreement, the Original Note and each
of the other Transaction Documents shall remain in full force and effect, enforceable in accordance with all of its original terms and
provisions. This Agreement shall not be effective or binding unless and until it is fully executed and delivered by Lender and Borrower.
If there is any conflict between the terms of this Agreement, on the one hand, and the Original Note or any other Transaction Document,
on the other hand, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. 

18. Time
of Essence . Time is of the essence with respect to each and every provision of this Agreement. 

19. Notices .
Unless otherwise specifically provided for herein, all notices, demands or requests required or permitted under this Agreement to be
given to Borrower or Lender shall be given as set forth in the Notices section of the Purchase Agreement. 

20. Further
Assurances . Each party shall do and perform or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank] 

4 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 

COMPANY: 

SMART POWERR CORP. 

/s/ Guohua Ku 

Name: 
 Guohua Ku 

Title: 
 CEO 

LENDER: 

BUCKTOWN CAPITAL, LLC 

By: 
 s/ John M. Fife 

John M. Fife, President 

[Signature Page to Exchange Agreement] 

5 

</EX-10.56>

<EX-19.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex19-1_smartpowerr.htm
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY, DATED NOVEMBER 25, 2009

EXHIBIT 19.1 

CHINA RECYCLING ENERGY CORPORATION
INSIDER TRADING POLICY 

 THIS POLICY HAS BEEN APPROVED
BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

 OF CHINA RECYCLING ENERGY
CORPORATION 

 AND IS APPLICABLE TO ALL EMPLOYEES,
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF CHINA RECYCLING ENERGY CORPORATION 

The Need for a Policy Statement 

For many years,
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the Justice Department have pursued individuals for violations of the
laws with respect to insider trading (i.e., trading in a company s securities while in possession of material nonpublic information
about that company). To further deter insider trading violations, Congress in 1988 expanded the authority of the SEC and the Justice Department
by adopting the Insider Trading and Securities Fraud Enforcement Act (the Act ). In addition to increasing the penalties
for insider trading, the Act imposes liability on companies and possibly other controlling persons for violations by company
personnel. Although the Act was aimed primarily at firms in the securities industry, and individuals who trade or tip information to others
who trade, the Act also applies to all companies, with the result that if companies like ours do not take active steps to adopt preventive
policies and procedures covering securities trades by our personnel, the consequences to China Recycling Energy Corporation CREG could be severe. 

Persons to Whom the Policy Applies 

CREG has adopted
the following policy regarding purchases and sales of CREG s securities by all Insiders who have access to material
nonpublic information (as defined below) about CREG and about other firms with which CREG does business. Insiders 
include all CREG directors, officers and 10 or greater shareholders who are required to file reports with the SEC under Section 16 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and certain other key employees, designated by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer,
who have access to the same types of information. Each Insider is responsible for ensuring that he or she does not violate federal or
state securities laws or CREG s policy concerning securities trading. This policy is designed to promote compliance with the
federal securities laws and to protect CREG, as well as its Insiders, from the very serious liabilities and penalties that can result
from violations of these laws. 

While only certain
individuals are designated Insiders for purposes of limitations on periods when they may trade, the approval process for
such trades, and the filing requirements, ALL employees are subject to the prohibitions on trading and the other contraints contained
in this policy while in possession of undisclosed material information . Consequently, CREG requires each employee to read and certify
that he/she has read and understands the policy. Anyone who is uncertain should contact CREG s Chief Financial Officer. 

The Consequences of Insider Trading Violations 

The consequences
of insider trading violations can be staggering. For an individual who trades on inside information (or tips information
to others), the consequences can include severe civil and criminal monetary penalties and extended jail terms. CREG and potentially any
control supervisory person may also be subject to severe civil and criminal monetary penalties if they fail to take appropriate steps
to prevent illegal trading. 

Moreover, if one
of CREG s Insiders violates this insider trading policy, CREG may impose sanctions, including dismissal for cause. Needless to say,
any of the above consequences or even an SEC investigation that does not result in prosecution, can tarnish one s reputation and
irreparably damage a career. 

General Policy 

CREG Insiders
and their family members may not trade in the stock or other securities of CREG or of any other firm with which CREG does business when
they know material nonpublic information about CREG or the other firm. The definition of material nonpublic information 
is discussed in detail below. An SEC rule makes it clear that a person will be deemed to have traded on the basis of material nonpublic
information if the person effects the transaction while aware of the information. Thus, a person will not be able to claim
that the material nonpublic information did not affect his or her decision to trade. 

This restriction
on insider trading is not limited to trading in CREG s securities. It includes trading in the securities of other firms, such as
customers, suppliers or vendors of CREG and those with which CREG may be negotiating transactions, such as an acquisition, investment
or sale. Information that is not material to CREG may nevertheless be material to one of those other firms. 

Assuming no awareness
of material nonpublic information, Insiders may trade in CREG s securities only during certain Trading Windows 
discussed below, and then only if the Insider does not have knowledge of any material nonpublic information relating to CREG and 
has pre-cleared the trade with CREG s Chief Financial Officer. Please see Procedure for Trading in CREG Stock below. 

Trading .
 Trading includes purchases and sales of stock, partnership units, bonds, debentures, options, puts, calls and other similar
securities. This policy includes trades made in each of the following circumstances: 

trades
 in the open market; 

immediate
 sale of some or all of the shares received in connection with an option exercise; 

trades
 pursuant to any trading plan or program; and 

certain
 elections made under CREG s employee stock purchase plan, including: 

an
 election to increase or decrease the percentage of periodic contributions that will be allocated
 to the CREG plan; 

an
 election to make an intra-plan transfer of an existing account balance into or out of the
 CREG plan; 

an
 election to borrow money against a plan account if the loan will result in a liquidation
 of some or all of an individual s CREG plan balance; and 

an
 election to pre-pay a plan loan if the pre-payment will result in allocation of loan proceeds
 to the CREG plan. 

2 

CREG s insider trading policy
does not apply to purchases of CREG common stock in the plan resulting from periodic contribution of money to the plan pursuant to employee
payroll deduction elections. 

Waivers . 
In certain special situations, a waiver or an exception to the Insider Trading Policy may be granted. Only the Company s Board of
Directors or a Committee of the Board of Directors delegated the authority by the Board of Directors may issue a waiver of this Policy. 

Tipping
Information to Others . Insiders must not pass material nonpublic information on to others or recommend to anyone the purchase
or sale of any securities on the basis of such information. This practice, known as tipping, also violates the securities
laws and can result in the same civil and criminal penalties that apply to insider trading, whether or not the Insider derives any benefit
from another s actions. 

Internet
Postings . Posting material nonpublic information, or responding to or making statements or recommendations based on this information,
on any Internet website, electronic bulletin board, Internet message board, Internet chat room or other similar form of electronic communication
can also constitute tipping under the securities laws. Because of the high potential for leaks of material nonpublic information posed
by these activities and the resulting liability under the securities laws for the Insider and CREG, Insiders may not post any information
either directly or in response to a posting about CREG, its business plans, employees, directors, customers, suppliers or vendors, nor
engage in any discussions about CREG, its business plans, employees, directors, customers, suppliers or vendors, on any of these forums.
Furthermore, Insiders are expected to notify CREG s Chief Financial Officer, if they are aware of such activities by any employee. 

Transactions
By Family Members . The same restrictions as to trading and tipping apply to family members and other persons living in an Insider s
household. Insiders are expected to be responsible for the compliance of the members of their immediate family and personal household.
In fact, the SEC adopted a rule to make clear that the receipt of information from a spouse, parent, child or sibling will in most cases
provide a sufficient basis for insider trading liability, both for the person trading on the material nonpublic information and for the
person tipping such information. 

No Exceptions
to Policy . Transactions that may be necessary or justifiable for independent reasons, such as the need to raise money for an emergency
expenditure or to satisfy margin calls, are no exception to the policy. 

Prohibition
on Certain Transactions . Because of the unique potential for abuse of material nonpublic information, it is also
CREG s policy that Insiders may not engage in short sales of CREG s securities. Short sales 
are those sales in which the seller attempts to profit from an anticipated drop in market price by selling securities he does not
own and covering the sales with securities bought after the price declines. Insiders generally may not purchase and sell or sell and
purchase CREG securities in the open market within a six-month period. Short sales and buying or selling puts or calls or other
derivative securities are prohibited. Insiders also are prohibited from holding CREG securities in a margin account or pledging CREG
securities as collateral for a loan. 

3 

Definition of Material Nonpublic
Information 

Material
Information . Information is material if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in
deciding whether to buy, hold or sell a security. Therefore, any information that could reasonably be expected to affect the price of
the security is material. Common examples of material information are: 

Projections
 of future earnings or losses or changes in such projections; 

Actual
 changes in earnings inconsistent with expectations; 

A
 pending or prospective material joint venture, merger, acquisition, change in assets, tender
 offer, financing or change in control; 

A
 significant sale of assets or disposition of a subsidiary or operation; 

A
 gain or loss of a material contract, customer, tenant or supplier, or material changes in
 the profitability status of a current contract; 

Changes
 in management, major personnel changes or labor negotiations; 

Financial
 liquidity problems, bankruptcies or receiverships; 

Change
 in auditors or auditor notification that the issuer may no longer rely on an auditor s
 audit report or that the auditor s opinion will be qualified; 

Events
 regarding securities (e.g., defaults on senior securities, calls of securities for redemption,
 breach of covenant relating to debt obligations, repurchase plans, stock splits or changes
 in dividends, changes to the rights of security holders, public or private sales of additional
 securities); and 

The
 existence of material litigation, claim or investigation. 

Both positive
and negative information can be material. Because any trading that receives scrutiny will be evaluated after the fact (with the benefit
of hindsight), questions concerning the materiality of particular information should be resolved in favor of materiality, and trading
should be avoided. 

Nonpublic
Information . Nonpublic information is information that is not generally known or available to the public. Information is considered
to be available to the public only when it has been released to the public through appropriate channels, e.g., by means of a press release,
a filing with the SEC or a statement from one of the senior officers, and enough time has elapsed to permit the investment market
to absorb and evaluate the information. Insiders should assume that all information obtained in the course of their employment by or relationship
with CREG is nonpublic. 

4 

If you ever
have a question regarding whether the information you possess about CREG is either material or nonpublic, 
please contact CREG s Chief Financial Officer for guidance before you trade in CREG s stock. 

Procedure for Trading in CREG Stock 

To provide assistance
in preventing inadvertent insider trading violations and avoiding even the appearance of an improper transaction, CREG has established
the following procedures for trading in CREG s stock: 

1. General Prohibition : An Insider of CREG may never trade CREG s
stock while in possession of material nonpublic information relating to CREG, even if the trading window described in Section
2 below is open. Please see Definition of Material Nonpublic Information above. 

2. Pre-clearance of Trades : In order to avoid inadvertent violations
of the securities laws or even the appearance of an improper transaction as well as assist Insiders in complying with their reporting
obligations, Insiders are required to pre-clear any transactions involving CREG stock. 

Specifically,
all proposed transactions in CREG stock, including any trading program or plan, must be reported to and pre-cleared by CREG s Chief
Financial Officer. If you contemplate a transaction, you should contact the Chief Financial Officer in advance. Any pre-clearance approval
provided by the Chief Financial Officer will only be effective through the close of business on the trading day following such approval.
After that time, if the trade does not occur, you must again contact the Chief Financial Officer for pre-approval of the trade. The pre-approval
requirement does not apply to stock option exercises but would cover market sales of option stock in connection with the exercise. 

3. Trading Windows : Insiders may, with pre-clearance, trade during the
period beginning at the close of business on the third business day after the public release of CREG s annual or quarterly results,
counting the day of the release as the first business day. For example, if the public release of earnings results occurred on a Tuesday,
the first day an Insider could trade would be on the following Friday. The trading window period ends on the first day of the last month
of each quarter of CREG s fiscal year, unless a blackout period is announced sooner. Please note that Insiders are required to receive
a pre-clearance by CREG s Chief Financial Officer for transactions occurring during a window period. 

In addition, CREG may close a
trading window at any time it deems necessary, in which event CREG will provide all Insiders with notification that the trading window
has closed until further notice is provided. 

Insiders may only trade in CREG
stock during a trading window. If an Insider has a need to conduct a transaction in CREG stock outside of a trading window, a special
request must be made to CREG s Chief Financial Officer for approval of the transaction. This is true whether or not the Insider
possesses specific material nonpublic information. Depending upon circumstances at the time a request is made, and upon the position within
CREG of the Insider making the request, approval may or may not be given for the trade. 

5 

4. Public Announcements During Trading Window : In addition, if at any
time during a trading window, CREG makes a public announcement of material information, an Insider must not engage in any transactions
until the second business day after the information has been released in order to give CREG s shareholders and the investing public
the time to receive and digest the information and act upon it. Thus, if an announcement were made on a Monday, Wednesday generally would
be the first day on which you should trade. If an announcement is made on a Friday, the following Tuesday generally would be the first
day on which you may trade. 

5. Trading During Pension Fund Blackout Periods : Additionally, Directors
and Executive Officers of CREG may not trade CREG securities acquired in connection with their services as directors or officers during
any pension fund blackout period. Pension fund blackout periods are certain periods during which trading in CREG securities may be subject
to restrictions, and such restrictions are imposed on tax qualified defined contribution plans. Generally, these blackout periods are
imposed on plan participants only when there is a change in plan administrators. CREG will notify Insiders of these periods when they
occur. 

6. SEC Filings : As discussed above, in advance of any transaction in
CREG stock (acquisitions, dispositions, transfers, etc.), all Insiders are required to report such transactions to and obtain pre-clearance
from CREG s Chief Financial Officer. If you are required to file a Form 4, Form 144 or other documents with the SEC, at your request,
CREG will assist you in completing any necessary SEC reporting forms. Remember, however, the ultimate responsibility for the filing
of such forms rests with the Insider. 

Unauthorized Disclosure 

It is the policy
of CREG to respond no comment to inquiries of any kind concerning the stock value or activities of CREG, including possible
acquisitions or business combinations which might affect the stock value. It is also the policy of CREG to respond no comment 
in response to any inquiries involving speculation or rumors that might appear or be raised. Maintaining the confidentiality of CREG
information is essential for competitive, security and other business reasons, as well as to comply with securities laws. Information
an Insider learns about CREG or its business plans is potentially inside information until publicly disclosed or made available
by CREG. The Insider should treat all such information as confidential and proprietary to CREG. The Insider may not disclose information
to others, such as family members, other relatives, or business or social acquaintances, who do not need to know it for legitimate business
reasons. This prohibition includes disclosure of all such information on any Internet website, electronic bulletin board or message board,
chat room, or other similar form of electronic communication. 

Also,
the timing and nature of CREG s disclosure of material information to outsiders is subject to legal rules, the breach of which
could result in substantial liability to the Insider, CREG and its management. Accordingly, it is important that only specifically
designated representatives of CREG discuss the business of CREG and its affiliates with the news media, securities analysts and
investors. If you receive any inquiry of this type, you should refer the inquiry to CREG s Chief Financial Officer, who will
make certain the inquiry is directed to the appropriate individual within CREG. 

Personal Responsibility; Company Assistance 

Each Insider should
remember that the ultimate responsibility for adhering to this policy and avoiding improper trading rests with the Insider. In this regard,
it is important that each Insider use his or her best judgment. If an Insider violates this policy, CREG may take disciplinary action,
including termination for cause. 

Compliance
with this policy by all Insiders is of the utmost importance both for the Insider and for CREG. Any person who has any questions about
the application of this policy to any particular case may obtain additional guidance from CREG s Chief Financial Officer, at (407)
496-6757. 

Dated: November 25, 2009 

6 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-1_smartpowerr.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A), 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Guohua Ku, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Smart Powerr Corp.; 

2 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting; and 

5 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date:
May 8, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Guohua
 Ku 

Guohua Ku 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and 
 Co-Chairman of the Board 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex31-2_smartpowerr.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A), 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Yongjiang Shi, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Smart Powerr Corp. 

2 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting; and 

5 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: May 8, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yongjiang
 Shi 

Yongjiang Shi 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 f10k2022ex32-1_smartpowerr.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Guohua Ku, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

1. 
 The Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of Smart Powerr Corp. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

2. 
 The information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 May 8, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Guohua
 Ku 

Guohua Ku 

Chief
 Executive Officer, President and 
 Co-Chairman of the Board 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b)
of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 f10k2022ex32-2_smartpowerr.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Yongjiang Shi, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

1. 
 The Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of Smart Powerr Corp. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

2. 
 The information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 May 8, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yongjiang
 Shi 

Yongjiang Shi 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b)
of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 creg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 creg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 creg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 creg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 creg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

