<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230526_10-K_edgar_data_826253_0001213900-23-043575.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6272163</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>226436</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1436128</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1416734</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1620465</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1416175</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-043575.hdr.sgml : 20230526
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230526165909
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-043575
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230526
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230526

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AURA SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000826253
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				954106894
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17249
		FILM NUMBER:		23970017

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10541 ASHDALE STREET
		CITY:			STANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90680
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3106435300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10541 ASHDALE STREET
		CITY:			STANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90680

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-043575.txt : 20230526

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_aurasystems.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number 

AURA
SYSTEMS, INC. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address
of principal executive offices, zip code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Name
of each exchange on which registered: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of the large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 non-accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has fi led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

On
August 31, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was . The aggregate
market value has been computed by reference to the last sale price of the stock as quoted on the Pink Sheets quotation system on August
31, 2022. For purposes of this calculation, voting stock held by officers, directors, and affiliates has been excluded. 

On
May 19, 2023, the Registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: None. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 15 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 23 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 23 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 23 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 24 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 25 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 26 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 26 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 32 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 32 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 33 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 33 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 34 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 34 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 35 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 38 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 39 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 40 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 41 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 42 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 42 

SIGNATURES 
 44 

i 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Statements other than statements of historical
fact included in this Report, including the statements under the headings Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, Business and elsewhere in this Report regarding future events or prospects
are forward-looking statements. The words approximates, believes, forecast, expects, 
 anticipates, estimates, intends, plans, would, could, 
 should, seek, may, or other similar expressions in this Report, as well as other statements
regarding matters that are not historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements. We caution investors that any forward-looking
statements presented in this Report are based on the beliefs of, assumptions made by, and information currently available to, us. Such
statements are based on assumptions and the actual outcome will be affected by known and unknown risks, trends, uncertainties and factors
that are beyond our control or ability to predict. Although we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, they are not guarantees of
future performance and some may inevitably prove to be incorrect. As a result, our actual future results may differ from our expectations,
and those differences may be material. Accordingly, investors should use caution in relying on forward-looking statements to anticipate
future results or trends. 

Some
of the risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by forward-looking statements include the following: 

Our
 ability to generate positive cash flow from operations; 

Our
 ability to obtain additional financing to fund our operations; 

The
 impact of economic, political and market conditions on us and our customers; 

The
 impact of unfavorable results of legal proceedings; 

Our
 exposure to potential liability arising from possible errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of duty of care, waste
 of corporate assets and/or similar claims that may be asserted against us; 

Our
 ability to compete effectively against competitors offering different technologies; 

Our
 business development and operating development; 

Our
 expectations of growth in demand for our products; and 

Other
 risks described under the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

We
do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise
except to the extent required by law. You should interpret all subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to
us or persons acting on our behalf as being expressly qualified by the cautionary statements in this Report. As a result, you should
not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

References
in this Report to we , us , the Company, Aura or Aura Systems means
Aura Systems, Inc. As used herein, reference to Fiscal 2023 refers to the fiscal year ending February 28, 2023, Fiscal
2022 refers to the fiscal year ending February 28, 2022, Fiscal 2021 refers to the fiscal year ending February 28,
2021, reference to Fiscal 2020 refers to the fiscal year ended February 29, 2020, reference to Fiscal 2019 
refers to the fiscal year ended February 28, 2019, reference to Fiscal 2018 refers to the fiscal year ended February 28,
2018, reference to Fiscal 2017 refers to the Fiscal year ended February 28, 2017, reference to Fiscal 2016 
refers to the fiscal year ended February 29, 2016, and reference to Fiscal 2015 refers to the fiscal year ended February
28, 2015. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

Aura
Systems, Inc. Aura ), is a Delaware corporation founded in 1987. The Company innovated and commercialized the technology
for Axial Flux Induction electric motors and generators. Aura s axial flux induction motor technology AAFIM provides
an industrial solution that does not use any permanent magnets, no rare earth elements, is smaller and lighter, uses significant less
materials (just copper and steel), very high efficiency, significantly less copper, highly reliably, very robust, and no scheduled maintenance.

The
industrial electric motor market is expected to grow from an estimated USD 113.3 billion in 2020 to USD 169.1 billion by 2026,
 at a CAGR of 6.9 during the forecast period 1 . 

Electric
motors are employed in infrastructure, major structures, and industries all around the world. Each year, almost 30 million 
motors are sold for industrial use alone 2 . Electric motors find application in a variety of equipment throughout industry. Common
industrial applications include: (i) compressors, (ii) fans and blowers, (iii) heavy duty equipment, (iv) HVAC systems, (v) pumps
and (vi) machine tools (lathes and mills, etc.). 

The
universal global trend for electrification has created in addition to the industrial demand for motors a very large demand for motors
used in electric transportation for vehicles, planes, and boats EV ). In such applications, one or more electric motors
are used for propulsion. Most electric motors currently used for electric mobility employ high energy permanent magnets 3 
due to their high efficiency and small size. The magnetic material is usually sintered neodymium iron boron (NdFeB) made
or processed in China. 

It
is expected that over 100 million electric motors will be required per year by 2032 to meet the demand for the growing
EV market 4 . 

For
Electric Vehicle applications, AAFIM provide efficiencies that are equal to or higher than ones provided by the best high energy permanent
magnet solution PM ). AAFIM are smaller, have higher reliability, are more robust, have larger operating speed range, are
not limited to 100 degrees C operating temperature for the equivalent PM machine. In addition, AAFIM costs are significantly lower than
the equivalent PM machines. 

The
history of electric machines reveals that the earliest machines were, in fact, axial flux machines. However, after the first radial flux
machines were demonstrated in the beginning of the 20 th century, radial flux machines were accepted as the mainstream configuration.
The reason for shelving the axial flux machines were multifold and can be summarized as follows: (i) strong axial magnetic attraction
force between the stator and the rotor, (ii) fabrication difficulties such as cutting the slots in laminated cores, (iii) high cost involved
in manufacturing the laminated stator core, (iv) difficulties in assembling the machine and keeping a uniform air gap and (v) providing
a laminated rotor that can withstand the large centripetal forces. 

1 
 Markets Markets Electric Motor Market Published Date: November 2020 | Report Code: EP 3882 
 
 2 
 Precedence Research October 6, 2021 
 
 3 
 Will rare earth be eliminated in EV motor-Dr. James Edmondson November 2, 2020 
 
 4 
 Emerging Electric Motor Technologies for the EV Market September 28, 2021 Luke Gear 

1 

In
recent years there has been great interest in axial flux topology for numerous industrial, commercial, and electric mobility motor and
power generation applications. However, to date the commercial focus in axial flux motors has been designs using rare earth permanent
magnets PM ). The use of rare earth permanent magnets in axial flux topology can be attributed to the historical belief
that it is difficult to manufacture a laminated rotor with a cage winding for an axial flux machine. If the cage windings
are replaced with nonmagnetic high conductivity (Cu or AL) homogenous disk or steel disk coated with Cu layer, the performance of the
machine drastically deteriorates Axial Flux Permanent Magnet Brushless Machines by Jacek F Gieras, Rong-Jie Wang
and Maarten K Kamper 2008). 

Aura
Systems with its axial flux induction technology solved the issues related to the rotor back in 2002 and has shipped over 11,000 axial
flux induction machines in the 5-15 kW range to numerous military and commercial users . Aura s proprietary rotor does not
require any laminates and provides the structural integrity to withstand very large centripetal forces while, at the same time, providing
the proper electric and magnetic properties without the usual issues associated with a solid rotor or a steel disk coated with a copper
layer. 

ID
TechEX research forecasts a huge increase in demand of axial flux motors over the next 10 years, with first applications in high performance
vehicles and certain hybrid applications 5 . 

Aura
has during the last few years optimized its axial flux induction machine technology (no PM) where the performance (efficiency, torque,
energy density) is now equal to or greater than the very best of both axial and radial permanent magnet machines. Of course, this is
done using only copper and steel with aluminum for housing at a fraction of the cost of equivalent PM machines. 

Aura s
Axial Flux Induction technology is the culmination of decades of cutting-edge electromagnetic research and more than 150 million in
development by Aura scientists and engineers. Aura s axial flux induction technology used for mobile power generation was first
used in a combat zone by U.S. forces in the U.N actions in the Balkans and since then, the U.S. military has used it in combat zones
in both Iraq and Afghanistan. To date the Company shipped over 11,000 systems for mobile power applications in the 5-15 kW range of which
over 3,000 systems were for various military applications. 

Aura s
Axial Flux Induction Machine has inherited advantages such as (i) no rare earth or any other kind of permanent magnets, (ii) significantly
less copper (60 less) than equivalent traditional induction motors, (iii) significantly higher energy density, (iv) fewer overall materials,
and (v) high efficiency. In addition, being an induction machine, Aura s solution does not have any brushes or commutators and
therefore do not have any potential for sparks. 

Aura s
Axial Flux induction AAFIM Competitive Edge 

Performance-
 AAFIM provides the highest power density across all other known motor technologies with energy
 density of more than 76 kW/liter for machines in the 250-kW range. In addition, Aura s
 solution provides efficiencies that are higher than any other solutions for commercial and
 industrial applications. For 250 kW EV applications Aura s designs show efficiency
 of 97.5 . AAFIM solution also has significantly lower rotor inertia than other solutions.
 This increases the machine efficiency even further since it requires less input torque to
 move the rotor. 

Size
 and weight-Aura s solution is significantly smaller in volume and has lower weight
 than any known solution for equivalent power rated machines (even includes PM machines).
 When compared to traditional radial flux RF induction machines, AAFIM has
 less than 50 of the weight and more than 50 reduction in volume. The AAFIM pancake design
 creates a solution that can be integrated with vehicles and boats for seamless exportable
 power. 

Cost-AAFIM
 provides a significant cost advantage over equivalent induction and PM machines. The cost
 advantage comes from (a) the higher energy density which means less materials and (b) in
 the case of PM machines significant cost advantage for equivalent machines by just elimination
 of the permanent magnets. When compared to radial flux induction, Aura s solution uses
 approximately 60 less copper. Due to the fractional materials used and the simple manufacturing
 processes Aura s high-performance machines are less expensive to manufacture than other
 equivalent machines. 

Other
 Advantages-Aura s solution is extremely reliable with the only components to wear out
 are the bearings. AAFIM do not require any scheduled maintenance and the only materials used
 are copper and steel for the active components and aluminum for the housing. These materials
 are readily available everywhere and are not controlled by any country or political group.
 In addition to the performance, Aura s rotor lends itself to mass manufacturing. Many
 of Aura s axial flux induction machines have been operating for twenty years and have
 shown remarkable reliability. 

5 
 Emerging Electric Motor Technologies for the EV Market September 28, 2021 Luke Gear Electric motors 

2 

After
a lengthy development period, the Company first began commercializing the AuraGen in late 1999 and early 2000. In 2001,
the first commercial AuraGen product was a 4-pole machine which, when combined with our proprietary and patented Electronic
Control Unit ECU ), generated 5 kW of exportable 120/240 VAC power. We subsequently added a 6-pole configuration and introduced
our patented bi-directional power supply that provided for 8.5 kW watts of exportable power with the capability of providing both alternating AC and direct DC power simultaneously. In Fiscal 2008, the Company introduced an AuraGen 
system that generated up to 17 kW of continuous power by combining two 8.5 kW systems on a single shaft. Starting in July 2019, we began
to redesign and upgrade the ECU and develop new axial flux generator configurations. As a result of such efforts, our redesigned ECU
allows us to replace the old 5 kW solution with a 6.5 kW solution using the same 4-pole generator as well as to upgrade the output of
the 6-pole machine from 8.5 kW to 15 kW. 

Our
more recent efforts have also resulted in the development of the following upgraded optimum designs: 

Power level 
 Operating 
speed (RPM) 
 Diameter 
(active) 
mm/in 
 Application 
 Axial length 
 (active) 
mm/in 
 Efficiency 
 
 4 kW 
 3,600 
 130/5.12 
 Water Pump 
 90/3.54 
 91+ 
 
 10 kW 
 2,500-13,000 
 175/6.89 
 Mobile power 
 105/4.13 
 92+ 
 
 30 kW 
 2,500-13,000 
 220/8.66 
 Mobile Power 
 89/3.5 
 93+ 
 
 250 kW 
 5,000 base-20,000 
 220/8.66 
 Electric Vehicles 
 86/3.4 
 97.5 

In
March 2019, stockholders of the Company represented a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock delivered
signed written consents to the Company removing Ronald Buschur, William Anderson and Si Ryong Yu as members of the Company s Board
and electing Ms. Cipora Lavut, Mr. David Mann, and Dr. Robert Lempert as directors of the Company in their stead. Because of Aura s
refusal to recognize the legal effectiveness of the consents, in April 2019 the stockholders filed suit in the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware pursuant to Section 225 of the Delaware General Corporations Law, seeking an order confirming the validity
of the consents. On July 8, 2019 the Court of Chancery entered final judgment in favor of the stockholder plaintiffs, confirming that
(a) Ronald Buschur, Si Ryong Yu and William Anderson had been validly removed by the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding
stock acting by written consent (b) Ms. Lavut, Mr. Mann and Dr. Lempert had been validly elected by the holders of a majority of the
Company s outstanding stock acting by written consent, and (c) the Company s Board of Directors validly consists of Cipora
Lavut, David Mann, Robert Lempert, Gary Douglas and Salvador Diaz-Vers n, Jr. See Item 3, Legal Proceedings for more information.
Following this ruling by the Court of Chancery, the newly confirmed Board of Directors terminated the employment of Melvin Gagerman,
who had served as CEO and CFO of the Company since 2006, and installed Ms. Lavut as President, Mr. Mann as Chief Financial Officer and
Dr. Lempert as Secretary of the Company. In February 2022, Mr. Steven Willett was appointed the Company s CFO. 

Impact
of the COVID-19 Pandemic 

The
COVID-19 global pandemic has negatively affected the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, and created extreme volatility and
disruptions to capital and credit markets in the global financial markets. We began to see the impact of COVID-19 during our fourth quarter
of Fiscal 2020 with our Chinese joint venture s manufacturing facilities being required to close and many of our customers suspending
their own operations due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, net sales and production levels during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2020
and the entirety of Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2023 were significantly reduced, thus impacting our results of operations during
these fiscal periods. 

In
response to the COVID-19 pandemic and business disruption, we implemented certain measures to manage costs, preserve liquidity and enhance
employee safety. These measures included the following: 

Careful
 monitoring of operating expenses including wages and salaries; 

Enhanced
 cleaning and disinfection procedures at our facilities, promotion of social distancing at our facilities and requirements for employees
 to work from home where possible; 

Reduction
 of capital expenditures; and 

Deferral
 of discretionary spending. 

As
of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K on May 26, 2023, the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business,
financial results and liquidity will depend largely on future developments, including the effectiveness of vaccination programs globally,
the impact on capital and financial markets and the related impact on our customers, especially in the commercial vehicle markets. These
future developments are outside of our control, are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If the impact is prolonged due, for example,
to variant strains of the COVID-19 having an adverse impact, then it can further increase the difficulty of planning for operations and
may require us to take further actions as it relates to costs and liquidity. These and other potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic
will continue to adversely impact our results for the current year, Fiscal 2024, and that impact could be material. 

3 

Business
Arrangements 

During
Fiscal 2018 and Fiscal 2019, the Company s engineering, manufacturing, sales, and marketing activities were reduced while we focused
on renegotiating numerous financial obligations. During this time, the Company s agreements with numerous customers, third party
vendors, and organizations and entities material to the operation of the Company business were canceled, delayed or terminated. During
Fiscal 2018, the Company successfully restructured in excess of 30 million of debt. Also, during Fiscal 2018, the Company signed a joint
venture agreement with a Chinese company to build, service and distribute AuraGen mobile power products in China. Under
the Jiangsu Shengfeng joint venture agreement, the Chinese partner owns 51 of the joint venture and the Company owns 49 . The Chinese
partner contributed a total of approximately 9.75 million to the venture principally in the form of facilities, equipment, and approximately
 500,000 of working capital while the Company contributed 250,000 in cash as well as a limited license. The limited license sold to
the joint venture, however, does not permit the venture to manufacture the AuraGen rotor; rather, the joint venture is
required to purchase all rotor subassemblies as well as certain software elements directly from the Company. During Fiscal 2018, Jiangsu
Shengfeng placed a 1,000,000 order with the Company including a 700,000 advance payment of which the Company has failed to deliver
product in accordance with the order received. On November 20, 2019, the Company reached a preliminary agreement with Jiangsu Shengfeng
regarding the return of 700,000 previously advanced to the Company. The preliminary agreement reached consists of a non-interest-bearing
promissory note and a payment plan pursuant to which the 700,000 was to be paid over an 11-month period beginning March 15, 2020, through
February 15, 2021. The preliminary agreement was subject to the JV continuous operation. However, starting in January 2020 the JV was
shut down by the Chinese authority due to the COVID-19 virus, and as of the date of this filing, the JV operation has not restarted.
As of February 28, 2023, the unpaid balance of 700,000 was reported as part of notes payables related party in the accompanying
financial statements. During Fiscal 2020, the Company recorded an impairment expense of 250,000 to fully write-off the Jiangsu Shengfeng
investment due to the uncertainty of the operation. 

In
Fiscal 2020 stockholders of the Company successfully removed Ronald Buschur, William Anderson and Si Ryong Yu from the Company s
Board of Directors and elected Ms. Cipora Lavut, Mr. David Mann and Dr. Robert Lempert as directors of the Company in their stead. See
Item 3, Legal Proceedings for more information. Also, in Fiscal 2020, Melvin Gagerman, Aura s CEO and CFO since 2006, was replaced.
In July 2019 Ms. Lavut succeeded Mr. Gagerman as President and Mr. Mann succeeded Mr. Gagerman as CFO. Dr. Lempert was appointed as Secretary
of the Company by the Board of Directors also in July 2019. In February 2022, Mr. Steven Willett was appointed CFO. During the second
half of Fiscal 2020, the Company began significantly increasing its engineering, manufacturing and marketing activities. Since July 8,
2019, the date of the management change, through the end of Fiscal year 2023, the Company has shipped approximately 155 units. 

Recent
Developments. 

Beginning
in Fiscal 2020, a novel strain of coronavirus commonly referred to as COVID-19 emerged and spread rapidly across the globe, including
throughout all major geographies in which we operate (North America, Europe, and Asia), resulting in adverse economic conditions and
business disruptions, as well as significant volatility in global financial markets. Governments worldwide have imposed varying degrees
of preventative and protective actions, such as temporary travel bans, forced business closures, and stay-at-home orders, all in an effort
to reduce the spread of the virus. Such factors, among others, have resulted in a significant decline in spending and resource availability.
Additionally, during this period of uncertainty, companies across a wide array of industries have implemented various initiatives to
reduce operating expenses and preserve cash balances, including work furloughs, reduced pay, and severance actions, which could lower
consumers disposable income levels or willingness to purchase discretionary items. 

As
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced varying degrees of business disruptions and periods of closure of our corporate
facilities as have our customers, suppliers, and vendors, resulting in significant adverse impacts to our operating results. Resurgences
in certain parts of the world resulted in further business disruptions periodically throughout Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021. Such disruptions
have continued into Fiscal 2023, impacting our business. 

Despite
the introduction of COVID-19 vaccines, the pandemic remains highly volatile and continues to evolve. Accordingly, we cannot predict for
how long and to what extent the pandemic will impact our business operations or the global economy as a whole. 

4 

The
AuraGen /VIPER Product Overview: 

Markets
Served by the AuraGen /VIPER 

Induction
Motor Applications 

Aura s
axial flux induction machine can be used as either an electric motor or generator as described above. Due to the inherit advantages of
Aura s axial flux induction machine, such as (i) no rare earth or any other kind of permanent magnets, (ii) significantly less
copper (60 less) than equivalent traditional induction motors (iii) higher energy density and (iv) fewer overall materials, we believe
Aura s axial flux induction motor can be used across a wide range of industries and applications. Because even a small percent
increase in motor efficiency translates to a market-wide savings of tens of billions of dollars per year and because Aura s axial
flux motor design is more efficient than equivalent radial flux induction motors, we believe that with the proper financial resources,
over time, we can capture a reasonable share of the global electric motor market. 

Electric
motor are the main users of electricity, accounting for approximately 53 of the global demand for electricity. Over 65 of the
energy used to support electric motors is used for industrial motor systems. 6 The industrial electric motor
market is expected to grow from an estimated USD 113.3 billion in 2020 to USD 169.1 billion by 2026, at a CAGR
of 6.9 during the forecast period. 72 . The increase in global electricity consumption, and the use of electrical
equipment and machines in different industries and the renewables sector are major factors driving growth in the electric motor
market during the forecast period. 

Electric
motors are employed in infrastructure, major structures, and industries all around the world. Each year, approximal 30 million motors
are sold for industrial use alone. 8 Electric motors find application in a variety of equipment throughout industry. Common
industrial applications include: (i) compressors, (ii) fans and blowers, (iii) heavy duty equipment, (iv) HVAC systems, (v) pumps
and (vi) machine tools (laths and mills etc.) Electric motors and generators are one of the most important tools in modern day
life. 

Numerous
studies show a high potential for energy efficiency improvement in motor systems. Specifically, system optimization approaches which
address the entire motor system demonstrate high potential for energy savings. For most countries the saving potentials for energy efficiency
improvements in motor systems with best available technology lie between 9 and 13 percent of the national industrial electricity
demand. 9 

Aura s
machines use approximately 60 less copper, are approximately 1/3 the size and weight and are more efficient than the equivalent traditional
radial flux RF induction machine. 

When
compared to radial and axial flux permanent magnet machines, Aura machines are less expensive to manufacture, do not use any rare earths,
do not use any permanent magnets, are not dependent on supply from China, are more robust, have a higher operating speed range, have
lower maintenance, have a longer lifetime, and are generally smaller, lighter and higher in efficiency. 

EV
applications 

The
universal global trend for electrification has created in addition to the industrial demand for motors also a very large demand for motors
used in electric transportation for vehicles, planes, and boats EV ). In such applications, one or more electric motors
are used for propulsion. The power to drive the electric motors is generally a battery system or fuel cell. Both batteries and fuel cells
convert some form of fuel to electricity through some chemical process. EVs include, but are not limited to, road and off-road vehicles,
surface and underwater vessels, electric aircraft, and electric spacecraft. 

6 
 Identification of Technoeconomic Opportunities with the Use of Premium Efficiency Motors as Alternative for Developing Countries -Julio
R. G mez etc. Published: October 16, 2020 
 
 7 
 Markets Markets Electric Motor Market Published Date: Nov 2020 | Report Code: EP 3882 
 
 8 
 Precedence Research October 6, 2021 
 
 9 
 Energy efficiency in electric motor systems- UN industrial Development Organization Venna 2012 

5 

It
is rather interesting to note that, while electric motors have been around for more than 200 years, technical information on electric
motors in EVs is very scarce and generally only found in niche technology sites. Most EV literature only notes the motor s relative
quietness, its torque response, its simplicity, and long-term low maintenance requirements. Most of the space dedicated to the powertrain
(motor, motor- controller and some cases a gear box) is focuses, instead, on the battery its size and weight, where it sits, the
range, how long it takes to fully charge, etc. Yet, the majority function of the battery system is to support the electric motors and
its controller. 

In
addition to the batteries, the electric motor and supporting power electronics are critical components of EV drivetrain. It is expected
that over 100 million electric motors will be required per year by 2032 to meet the demand for the growing EV market 10 (where
would all the rare earths come from to support 100 million motors per year?). 

The
global Electric Vehicle Market size is projected to grow from 4 million units in 2021 to 34.76 million units by 2030. 11
 The AC motor (most power by alternating current) is expected to witness the fastest growth in the electric motor market during
the forecast period. 

The
global electric powertrain market (electric motor, plus motor controller plus a gear box) size is projected to surpass around US 200
billion by 2027 and growing at a CAGR 13.8 . The motor/generator component expected to show lucrative growth over the analysis period
attributed to the escalated penetration of plug-in hybrid battery electric vehicle PHEV and battery electric vehicle BEV across the globe. 12 

There
are several key performance metrics for electric motors. Power and torque density enables improved driving dynamics in a smaller and
lighter package, with weight and space being at a premium in EVs. Another critical area is efficiency. Improving efficiency means that
less energy stored in the battery is wasted when accelerating the vehicle, resulting in improved range from the same battery
capacity. Smaller motor system weight will also contribute to increase in range since less weight needs to be moved. 

Most
electric motors currently used for electric mobility employ high energy permanent magnets. 13 The magnetic material is usually
sintered neodymium iron boron (NdFeB) made or processed in China. Neodymium is one of the rare earth elements. China has
around a third of all rare earth reserves and around 80 of global production. 14 In 1987 the Chinese President Deng Xiaoping
famously said, the middle East has Oil; China has rare earths . An Oxford Analytics Expert briefing on July 30, 2020,
states that (i) Permanent Magnets will account for 3 4 of rare earth demand by 2030 up from 1 4 in 2020 and (ii)Electric
vehicles and offshore wind will drive demand and be most vulnerable to supply shocks . 

Permanent
magnet PM machines can be extremely light in weight and highly efficient. In PM machines the magnetic field B is fixed
by the magnets and the only way to change this is with a bucking field. These bucking currents result in increase in temperature that
could affect the magnetization of the permanent magnets. 

In
PM machines the operating temperature must be kept at below 100 o C because at that temperature the magnets start to lose some
of their magnetization and at 180 o C they become completely demagnetized. However, in EV applications at low speed, one needs
to use a lot of current (generating high heat) to get the required torque; similarly, at high speeds one needs a lot of current for the
bucking fields to reduce the B field. Thus, PM machines for electric mobility require a very complex cooling system. All the components
in the machine are designed for maximum specifications but operationally the machine is limited by temperature requirements of the magnets.
The cost of such machines is high due to (i) The permanent magnets, (ii) the complex cooling system and (iii) complex controller. 

10 
 Emerging Electric Motor Technologies for the EV Market Sep 28, 2021 Luke Gear 
 
 11 
 Market market Electric Vehicle Market May 2021 Report code AT4907 
 
 12 
 Precedence research June 9, 2021 
 
 13 
 Will rare earth be eliminated in EV motor-Dr. James Edmondson Nov 2-2020 
 
 14 
 Vikendi December 29, 2021 

6 

In
addition to the cost issues, the permanent magnets are subject to the economic and political control of China. There is always the
possible situation that China economically weaponizes rare earth and stops sending the refined product to the U.S so they cannot be used
in weapon systems or commercial applications such as electric vehicles. 15 In the past during political disputes China
threatened to cease export of rare earths. 16 

As
to environmental, rare-earth magnets used in EV applications are responsible for major environmental pollution. The extraction of rare
earths produce mountains of toxic waste , with high risk of environmental and health hazards. For every ton of rare
earth produced, the mining process yields 13-kg of dust, 9,600-12,000 cubic meters of waste gas, 75 cubic meters of wastewater,
and one ton of radioactive residue. This stems from the fact that rare earth element ores have metals that, when mixed
with leaching pond chemicals , contaminate air, water, and soil. Most worrying is that rare earth ores are often laced with
radioactive thorium and uranium, which result in especially detrimental health effects. Overall, for every ton of rare earth, 2,000
tons of toxic waste are produced . 17 

Unlike
the PM machines, Aura s axial flux induction machines do not use any permanent magnets and therefore the controller can change
the B fields since B is proportionate to the voltage divided by the frequency (V/f). Thus, the Aura machine, when operated with a smart
inverter, has an advantage over a PM machine. The Aura machine has a smaller volume, equal or better efficiency, more reliable and a
large cost advantage. This advantage becomes increasingly important as performance is increased . 

Mobile
and Remote Power Applications 

The
global generator sales market was 20.3 billion in 2019 and is estimated to reach 27.16 billion by 2027 (Fortune Business Insight).
Most industries dealing with construction and infrastructure rely on mobile generators to support modern computers, digital sensors and
instruments as well as electrical driven tools. Current automotive alternators cannot supply the existing demanded power for many such
applications and thus the common solution is the use of stand-alone gensets (often referred to a Auxiliary Power Units 
or simply APUs ). These APUs, however, (i) consume large amounts of fuel, (ii) are heavy and bulky and accordingly must
often be towed on trailers, and (iii) require constant maintenance. Additionally, traditional APUs are generally not considered to be
environmentally friendly power solutions based on their high fuel consumption, loud operating noise levels, and the emissions they secrete
into the air. In comparison, the AuraGen system is small and light enough to generally be integrated directly into
existing vehicles, does not require maintenance, nor do they require any set-up or tear-down time. In addition, there is no heavy lifting
required and to contact with hot surfaces. The AuraGen operation when integrated in a vehicle or a boat is completely
seamless and transparent to the user . 

Likewise,
for law enforcement, emergency responders and militaries alike, mobile power is generally a necessity. Indeed, one of the fastest growing
segments for mobile power is the military marketplace for On-Board-Exportable-Power (OBEP), which is electric power on vehicles that
can be used to support non-vehicle functions such as weapon systems and C 4 I functions (command, control, communication, computers
and information). Currently, most on-board power is provided by APUs. Given the drawbacks of APUs, however, militaries, law enforcement
and first responders all over the world are seeking more efficient integrated power solutions for their vehicles. 

In
addition, numerous leisure users are increasingly demanding mobile power for use of air-conditioning, appliances and other amenities. 

15 
 China Maintains Dominance in Rare Earth Production-National defense 9/8/21 by Stew Magnuson 
 
 16 
 Supercomputers Predict rare earth Market Vulnerability-National defense 9/9/21 by Stew Magnuson 
 
 17 
 Not so green technology: the complicated legacy of rare earth mining 12.Aug.2021 Harvard International Review 

7 

Beside
stand-alone gensets (often referred to auxiliary power units or simply APU s), all automotive users rely
on integrated alternators in their vehicles for such things as navigation systems, electric seating, electric windows, sound/ phone systems
and lights. In 2019 alone, 87.9 million passenger vehicles were sold globally 18 (each one used an alternator). The market
for automotive alternators is presently dominated mainly by four companies: Denso, Valeo, Mitsubishi Electric, and Hitachi Automotive.
These companies jointly control nearly 80 of the global market. The compact size and significant increase in efficiency of the
AuraGen provides an ideal replacement (fit and form) for high output automotive alternators while offering higher efficiency,
longer lifetime and the flexibility of multi types of voltage both AC and DC. Recently, the Company completed the design for a 10-kW
alternator with diameter of less than 8 inches and axial length of less than 6 inches. The new 10 kW alternator will provide the full
10 kW power at alternator speeds of 2,500-13,000 rpm with efficiency higher than 92 . 

The
AuraGen solution increase in efficiency over traditional generators, when combined with our load following architecture
and the ability to provide both AC and -48VDC simultaneously makes our solution very attractive to cell towers operators that depend
on diesel power. Our solution has the potential for a significant reduction in diesel fuel consumption for such an application. 

Competition 

The
Company is involved in the application of its AuraGen technology to electric motors and mobile power. Therefore, it faces
substantial competition from companies offering different technologies . 

Electric
Motors 

There
are four (4) basic approaches for electrical machines: (i) the rotor can be electrically excited such that it creates a magnetic field
with constant orientation (as in synchronous machines) that usually uses brushes and or commutators; (ii) the shape of the rotor can
induce reluctance variations in the stator (as in switched reluctance machines); (iii) the rotor can be permanently magnetized with permanent
magnets PM as in brushless DC machines; and (iv) the rotor field can be induced from the stator due to the rotor s
structure as in induction machines. Our axial flux technology is an induction machine. 

Brushed
machines are machines in which the rotor coil is supplied with current through brushes. Unlike commutators, brushes only
transfer electric current to a moving rotor; commutators also provide switching of the current direction. Large, brushed machines which
are run with DC to the stator windings at synchronous speed are the most common generator in power plants because they also supply reactive
power to the grid. They can be started by the turbine and can generate power at constant speed without a controller. This type of
machine is often referred to in the literature as a synchronous machine . 

Reluctance
machines have no windings in the rotor, only a ferromagnetic material shaped so that electromagnets in the
stator can grab the teeth in the rotor resulting in a slight movement. The electromagnets are then turned off, while another
set of electromagnets is turned on to move the stator further. Reluctance machines are also sometimes referred to as step motors 
as a result of the step-like movement. These machines are suited for low speed and accurate position control. Reluctance machines can
be supplied with PMs in the stator to improve performance. The electromagnet is then turned off by sending
a negative current to the coil. When the current is positive the magnet and the current cooperate to create a stronger magnetic field,
which will improve the reluctance machine s maximum torque without increasing the current s maximum absolute value. 

PM
machines have permanent magnets in the rotor which set up a magnetic field. The magnetic field is created by modern PMs
(Neodymium Iron Boron magnets NeFeB ), which means that PM machines have a higher torque/volume and torque/weight ratio
than machines with rotor coils under continuous operation. 

In
general, it is usually possible to overload electric machines for a short time until the current in the coils heats parts of the machine
to a temperature which causes damage. However, PM machines are very sensitive to such overloads because too high of a current in the
coils can create a magnetic field strong enough to demagnetize the magnets. The majority (80 of NeFeB magnets are produced in China.
Magnax and many other are examples of Companies using such an approach. 

18 
 Motor Intelligence. Automotive alternator market growth trends forecast 2021-2026 

8 

AC
induction machine (no PM) is the most common electrical machine in use today. A changing magnetic field in the stator induces
a current in the rotor. The current in the rotor produces its own magnetic field, which then interacts with the magnetic field of
the stator, causing the rotor to turn. The name induction comes from the fact that current is induced in the rotor by the changing
magnetic field of the stator. Radial flux induction machines have been the workhorse of industry due to their robustness, attractive
cost, and ease of control; however, they are relatively, heavy and bulky. On the other hand, Aura s axial flux AF induction machines, have all of the advantages of the radial flux machines but with the advantage of higher energy density and higher
efficiency resulting in a smaller and lighter machine with equivalent or better performance. Unlike the PM machines, induction machines
do not use any permanent magnets and therefore the controller can change the B fields since B is proportionate to the voltage divided
by the frequency (V/f). 

Although
our axial flux induction technology provides significant advantages in both cost (significant less copper, steel and aluminum), size/weight
and performance, most of our competitors have far greater financial, technical, and marketing resources than we have. They have larger
budgets for research, new product development and marketing, and have long-standing customer relationships. 

Key
players in the market are (i) Nidec Motor Corporation, (ii) ABB Ltd., (iii) Siemens AG, (iv) WEG Electric Corp, (v) Regal Beloit Corporation,
(vi) Wolong, and (vii) Teco Westinghouse. 

Generators 

There
are five basic approaches used in mobile generators. 

Gensets
AKA APU . Portable generators meet the large market need for auxiliary power. Millions of units per year are sold in North
America alone, and millions more are sold across the world to meet market demands for 1 to 20 Kilowatts of portable power. The market
for these power levels addresses the commercial, leisure and residential markets, and is essentially divided into: (a) higher power,
higher quality and higher price commercial level units; and (b) lower power, lower quality and lower price level units. Gensets provide
the strongest competition across the widest marketplace for auxiliary power. Onan, Honda, Generac and Kohler, among others, are well
established and respected brand names in the genset market for higher reliability auxiliary power generation. There are over 40 registered
genset-manufacturing companies in the United States. 

Some
of the key suppliers are Caterpillar (US), Cummins (US), Rolls-Royce Holdings (UK), Atlas Copco (Sweden), Mitsubishi Heavy Industries,
Ltd. (Japan), Yanmar (Japan), Generac (US), ABB (Switzerland), Siemens Energy (Germany), Weichai Group (China), Kohler Co. (US), Kirloskar
Oil Engines Ltd. (India), Denyo (Japan), and Sterling Wilson (India), 

High
Output Alternators . There are many High Output Alternator manufacturers. Some of the better-known ones are Delco-Remy,
Bosh, Nippon Densu, Hitachi, Mitsubishi and Prestolite. All alternators provide their rated power at very high RPM and significantly
less power at lower RPM. In addition, alternators are generally only 30 efficient at the low RPM range and increase to 50 efficiency
at the high RPM range. 

Inverters.
 There are many inverter manufacturers across the globe; the best known one is Xentrex. The pricing of industrial grade sine wave
inverters is approximately 400 per kilowatt plus the cost of a high output alternator (estimated at 1,000) and a good throttle controller
(estimated in the range of 250-500). 

Permanent-Magnet
Alternators. A number of companies have introduced alternators using exotic rare earth Neodymium (NdFeB) magnets. These
alternators tend to have higher power generation capabilities than regular alternators at lower RPM. Unfortunately, PM machines with
NdFeB magnets are very sensitive to temperature and, unlike the AuraGen , cannot survive the typical under-the-hood environment
(200 o F+). In order to apply such devices for automotive applications one must add an active cooling system to keep the magnets
from demagnetizing at approximately 200 o F. In addition, most of the rare earth magnets (NeFeB) are manufactured in China and
are subject to potential political and economic pressure. 

9 

In addition to the temperature challenges of such
machines, there are other issues involving active control of the magnetic field. The main disadvantage of PM generators is the difficulty
of output voltage regulation to compensate for speed and load variation due to the lack of a simple means of field control. 

Fuel Cells . 
Fuel cells are solid-state devices that produce electricity by combining a fuel containing hydrogen with oxygen. They have a wide range
of applications and can be used in place of the internal combustion engine and traditional lead-acid and lithium-ion batteries. These
systems are generally more expensive. The most widely deployed fuel cells are estimated to cost significantly more per kilowatt than
alternative solutions. 

Others 

Evans Electric in Australia
has introduced an axial flux machine with a complete conductive rotor. Such a machine was first introduced by Brinner more than 20 years
ago and was abandoned because the rotor lacked the required rigidity to withstand the magnetic and centrifugal forces. The Brinner machine
is cited in Aura s issued patents. 

Numerous companies are introducing
axial flux machines; however, they generally use rare earth NeFeB magnets (made in China) and are thus not induction machines but rather
permanent magnet machines. Some of the better-known companies are YASA, EVO, Magnax and Phi Power. 

Most of our competitors have
far greater financial, technical, and marketing resources than we have. They have larger budgets for research, new product development
and marketing, and have long-standing customer relationships. We also compete with many larger and more established companies in the hiring
and retention of qualified personnel. Our financial condition has limited our ability to market the AuraGen . 

The AuraGen 
uses a different technology and because our product is radically different from traditionally available mobile power solutions, users
may require lengthy evaluation periods to gain confidence in the product. OEMs and large fleet users also typically require considerable
time to make changes to their planning and production. 

Competitive Advantages of the AuraGen Axial Flux
Induction technology 

As a motor -Aura s
Axial Flux AF induction motor/generator is increasingly attracting attention from high impact potential users seeking
advantages over conventional motors, particularly for Electric Vehicle applications. These advantages include (i) compact construction,
(ii) better power to weight ratio, (iii) shorter axial length, (iv) better efficiency, (v) better torque to volume and weight ratio, (vi)
very high utilization of active materials (less than 60 of the copper) and (vii) excellent ventilation and cooling. Induction machines
(i) do not use any rare earth elements and have no permanent magnets. Due to their flat shape, lower weight and compact construction,
Aura s axial flux motors are ideal for pumps, fans, food processors, HVHC, etc. An axial flux machine is also preferred in applications
where the rotor can be integrated with the rotating part of mechanical loads. 

The AuraGen 
motor s operational range is between -40 and 340-degrees F; therefore, it is suitable to operate in a harsh environment. 

As an alternator. 
Aura s induction machine provides significant advantages in power generation, particularly in mobile applications. Its smaller volume
and higher efficiency, when combined with the geometric shape means it can be integrated with existing vehicles and boats. Such integrated
solutions do not require set up time. There are no heavy weights to lift (gensets), usable cargo space is optimized and there is no need
for separate fuel/containers. Remarkably, there is no scheduled maintenance required. 

The AuraGen 
alternator s operational range is between -40- and 340-degrees F; therefore, it is suitable for operating under the hood of a vehicle
where the ambient temperature can easily be above 200 degrees F. 

10 

Earth-Forward, Green
Technology . The AuraGen system is significantly more environmentally friendly than traditional motors and
generators. Because of its extreme efficiency and smaller size, the AuraGen system utilizes fewer resources and materials
to manufacture (in particular less than 60 of the copper). When used in power generation, the AuraGen uses a vehicle s
primary automotive engine, which is already highly regulated for environmental protection. Traditional mobile power solutions, in comparison,
use small, less efficient, auxiliary engines that produce significantly higher levels of emissions per unit of power output than the automobile
engine. 

Durability; No Scheduled
Maintenance . The AuraGen motor/generator solution does not require any scheduled maintenance. The historical
failure rate for Aura s machines over a 20-year period is less than 0.5 . The bearings are rated for 28,000 hours. 

Aura s axial flux induction (no PM) can
be summarized as: 

Disruptive since it addresses
the entire field of electrical motors and generators by providing a solution that is smaller, lighter, more efficient, cost less to
manufacture and does not use any permanent magnets . 

Aura has demonstrated mass
production of this technology with more than 11,000 machines. 

The market opportunity for
industrial applications of Aura s motors/generators is more than 100 billion per year. 

The EV powertrain business
opportunity for the Aura s is a significant percentage of the 200+ billion per year projected business. 

The economic value proposition
is well defined in terms of cost, performance and size. 

The Aura solution provides
 significant global reduction in the use of raw materials such as copper, steel, and aluminum. 

The higher efficiency of
Aura s motor, when used in a manufacturing environment, can lead to a noticeable reduction in the global consumption of energy . 

When used for mobile power
generation, Aura s technology leads to a significant reduction in global pollution by being able to reduce and, in many
situations, eliminate completely small diesel and gasoline engines used in power generation. 

When used for electric
vehicles, the smaller size, weight, and increased efficiency could lead to an increase in range and/or reduced battery weight . 

When used in remote stand-alone
diesel power generation such as cell towers, Aura s increased efficiency, lower rotor inertia, voltages flexibility and load-following
architecture results in a significant reduction in fuel usage (and, of course, reduced pollution). 

Aura s significantly
(65 less) lower rotor inertia and variable speed capabilities make Aura s solution ideal for small hydro applications that are
currently being ignored because of construction cost, low head, and slow flow situations. 

Targeted Market 

The Company is re-examining
and identifying new key markets to focus on as the Company expands operations. 

11 

The global drive for electrification
is in search of better more effective electric motors. The recent realization by many potential users of such motors that permanent magnet
motors are depending on NeFeB rare earth magnets from China has created a need for alternative to the PM motors. Our axial flux induction
machine is a solution that does not use any magnets and has the required performance characteristic as well as fit and form for numerous
applications. 

Electric motors 

Electric motors for
industrial applications . We have completed the design of 4 kW and 10 kW machines. The designs show significantly increased efficiency
as compared to equivalent other designs, and in addition they are a fraction of the size and weight, use approximately 50-60 less copper
and cost less to manufacture. 

Electric motors for
electric delivery trucks . We are exploring the use of our axial flux induction machine to be integrated into electric delivery
trucks. This application would require 150 to 350 kW machines that will use 800VDC buss system. We now have an initial electromagnetic
design for a 150-kW with over 96 efficiency. We expect to have an optimized design by the fourth quarter of 2023. 

Electric motors for high end electric cars. 
We are exploring the use of our axial flux induction machine to be integrated into high end electric cars. This application would require
approximately 250-300-kW machine that will use 800VDC buss system and will operate at 20,000 RPM. We now have a completed axial flux induction
(no PM) design with energy density of 77 kW per liter (the best other known design is approximately 40 kW/liter using rare earth permanent
magnets) and efficiency of 97.5 . Our optimized design has an active diameter of 220 mm (8.66 inches) and active axial length of 86 mm
(3.4 inches). 

Drive motors for electric
boats - We started to explore the possibility of using our axial flux induction machine as a drive motor for small to medium
electric boats. 

Mobile power generation 

Military market .
 One focused market for the Company s VIPER solution is military applications. The global military land vehicles market is expected
to grow by 29 through 2022, increasing to 30.33 billion by 2022. 19 
While traditional markets for military vehicles such as the U.S. are choosing to upgrade and maintain existing fleets rather than replace
aging vehicles, other regions are looking to purchase new units, which also provides maintenance and upgrade opportunities. The active
number of military vehicles was estimated at over 408,000 in 2012 and is expected to increase to slightly over 418,000 by 2021. New vehicle
procurement is expected to decline in western defense and increase in emerging markets of APAC and the Middle East. 

Automotive alternators . 
In 2019, 87.9 million units of passenger cars were sold globally, 20 
each one used an alternator. The market for automotive alternators is dominated mainly by four companies: Denso, Valeo, Mitsubishi Electric,
and Hitachi Automotive. These companies jointly control nearly 80 of the global market. The compact size and significant increase in
efficiency of the AuraGen provides an ideal replacement (fit and form) for high output automotive alternators. 

Diesel based cell towers .
According to Statista (Technology and telecommunication Thomas Alsop sept 22, 2020), in 2019, there were 395,562 mobile wireless cell
sites in the United States, with a large amount of investment going toward 5G-ready cell sites and antennas as per the source. Phil Marshall,
chief research officer at Tolaga Research, estimates the global number of base stations at 6.5 million sites, while Chinese equipment
vendor Huawei puts the number at 7 million. Many of the cell sites are powered by diesel generators. The AuraGen solution
increase in efficiency over traditional generators, when combined with our load following architecture and the ability to provide both
AC and -48VDC simultaneously makes our solution very attractive to cell towers operators that depend on diesel power. Our solution has
the potential for significant diesel fuel savings in such an application. 

Transport Refrigeration TRU .
The main competitors for the all-electric TRU are traditional diesel-based solutions provided by Thermo-king and Carrier. The diesel based
comparable systems provided by Thermo-king and Carrier are somewhat less expensive than our AuraGen all-electric solution,
however the diesel solutions require frequent maintenance and the utilization of a separate diesel engine that consumes additional fuel
every operating hour. In addition, the diesel solution emits harmful emissions that have been recognized by the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency, California s Air Resource Board and others as dangerous pollutants and are increasingly subject to federal and state regulations.
A CARB 2015 report Technology Assessment Transport refrigeration cites and provides an analysis of our solution that can
be applied for significant pollution reduction and fuel savings for truck-based transport refrigeration. 

19 
 John Keller July 10, 2014 Military and Aerospace Electronics 
 
 20 
 Motor Intelligence. Automotive alternator market growth trends forecast 2021-2026 

12 

Facilities, Manufacturing Process and Suppliers 

During Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal
2022, the Company occupied approximately 18,000 square feet of space in Lake Forest, California. In early Fiscal 2022 the Company consolidated
all its administrative offices and operations into this new modern stand-alone facility. The Lake Forest facility is subject to a lease
agreement with a 66-month lease period effective from February 2021, through August 31, 2026. The monthly base lease rate for the Lake
Forest Facility is currently 23,533 per month with a 3 annual escalation. We expect to expand operations next year that will require
additional space. 

As the Company continues to
expand operations, we will need to renew relationships and contracts with our suppliers or locate suitable new suppliers for subassemblies
and other components. 

Research and Development 

We believe that ongoing research
and development is important to the success of our product in order to utilize the most recent technology, develop additional products
and additional uses for existing products, stay current with changes in vehicle manufacture and design and to maintain an advantage over
potential competition. Our engineering, research and development costs for Fiscal 2023 was approximately 0.9 million compared to approximately
 0.6 million in Fiscal 2022. In Fiscal 2023 we have completed the design for (i) 4 kW motor for water pump applications, (ii) a new optimized
10 kW mobile power solution smaller and higher efficiency of the older design, (iii) a new 30 kW optimized mobile power solution and (iv)
a 250-kW motor solution for EV applications. In addition, during fiscal 2023 we made significant engineering progress in the design of
novel innovative active cooling solutions for very high energy density motors and generators. We expect to finalize this innovation during
the second quarter of 2023. 

Patents and Intellectual Property 

Our intellectual property
portfolio consists of trademarks, proprietary know-how, trade secrets, and patents. Historically the Company obtained over 70 patents
in electromagnetic and electrooptical technologies. 

The basic philosophy followed
by Aura is to build layers of defense to protect the Company s IP. This is achieved through the development of fundamental patents
and surrounds them with application patents. The detailed fabrication of the rotor is kept as a trade secret since this is a critical
component in Aura s proprietary intellectual assets. 

The challenges of implementing
a patent philosophy are based on cost. Patent maintenance costs are expensive, particularly international patents. In order to maximize
a limited budget, our approach is to first file a number of new US patents. This will provide a year before international patents need
to be filed. 

Current active patents are
(i) Patent 8720618 Issued date 5/3/2014, (ii) Patent 6700214 Issued date 3/2/2004, and iii)
Patent 6700802 Issued date 3 /2/2004. 

We expect over the next 12
months to file new technology patent applications covering: 

1. Topology (several patents) 

Using different number of stators (one or more) and rotors
(one or more) to reach wide range of speed and torque. Also, utilization of optimal topology makes capability to achieve high power/torque
density which is a key component for the electric vehicle (EV) and electric airplane (EA) industries. 

13 

2. Stacking 

Using new laminations, the hysteresis and eddy current losses
decrease. So, a capability is made to increase the efficiency of these machines as the most important parameter for electric machines
evaluation. Moreover, these laminations deliver higher saturation profile to reach high torque density which is very important for
the EV and EA industries. 

3. Winding (several patents) 

New winding patterns can be made to increase current density
for increasing the torque density and the power density. 

4. Cooling system (several patents) 

Development of novel cooling systems which make better heat
dissipation is used to reach highest torque and power density. 

5. Vibration and noise (several patents) 

Implementation of new methods for vibration and noise reduction
is the key component for electric machines which are used in home appliances, EV and EA. 

6. Materials 

Using new developed alloys help to decrease losses, increase
efficiency, magnify torque, and power density. The alloy steel used in the stator cores, alloy casting used for rotor and alloy aluminum
used for enclosure have essential influences on the machine performance. 

7. Advanced Automotive alternator 

Current air-cooled automotive alternators are power limited
to around 1.5 kW. A new design using Aura s axial flux induction will increase the power to 3.5-5 kW at the same size as current
automotive alternators at a lower reduced cost. 

8. Integration of inverter components with motor (2 in 1 integration) 

Higher
integration will lead to better overall efficiency and smaller packaging . 

In addition, we also plan to file specific motor
application patents for (i) Drone usage, (ii) Pump usage, (iii) Compressors, (iv) Fans and Blower usage, (v) Machine tools usage, (vi)
Specific 2-and 4-wheel EV usage and (vii) Airplane/air taxi applications. 

For mobile power applications we plan to file a
number of patent applications for (i) military usage, (ii) Hybrid APU, (iii) diesel power Cell tower usage, (iv)water treatment plants
and (v) marine usage. 

Government Regulation 

We are subject to laws and
regulations that affect the Company s activities, which include, but are not limited to, the areas of labor, intellectual property
and ownership and infringement, tax, import and export requirements, environmental, and health and safety. As we recommence operations,
our operations will again be subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the occupational health and safety of
our employees and wage regulations. For example, we are subject to the requirements of the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act,
as amended, or OSHA, and comparable state laws that protect and regulate employee health and safety. We expect to expend resources to
maintain compliance with OSHA requirements and industry best practices. 

Employees 

As of the date of this filing,
the Company has a total of eight (8) full-time employees in research and development, sales, operations and administration. Additionally,
the Company engages independent contractors, on an as-needed basis, to support various areas of the business. During Fiscal 2023 we engaged
two independent contractors to support engineering developments, and during Fiscal 2022 we engaged three independent contractors, two
to support engineering developments, and one for accounting support. 

14 

Significant Customers 

In Fiscal 2023, one significant customer, CBOL,
accounted for 55 of revenues. In Fiscal 2022, there were four customers that accounted for over 10 individually of the Company s
revenues, however no customer is considered significant. 

Backlog 

As of the date of the filing
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company has approximately 15K in backlog of orders. In addition, during March 2023, the Company
entered into an agreement with Hippo Multipower( Hippo to provide a minimum of 525 units over the next three (3) years of
the Company s proprietary Axial Flux Induction Motors to Hippo in support of their contract with the US government. The value of
this minimum quantity of units is approximately 8.5 million. Deliveries under this contract are expected to begin during the second quarter
of the Company s Fiscal 2024. 

Raw Materials 

The most important raw materials
we use in manufacturing our products are steel, copper, and aluminum. Raw materials are purchased both domestically and outside the United
States. We have no significant long-term supply contracts. When possible, we maintain a number of sources for our raw materials, which
we believe contribute to our ability to obtain competitive pricing. The cost of some of our raw materials and shipping costs are dependent
on petroleum cost. Higher material prices, cost of petroleum, and costs of sourced products could have an adverse effect on margins. 

We enter into standard purchase
agreements with certain foreign and domestic suppliers to source selected products. The terms of these arrangements are customary for
the industry and do not contain any long-term contractual obligations on our behalf. 

Available Information 

We file annual, quarterly
and current reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or the Commission ).
These materials can be inspected and copied at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies
of these materials may also be obtained by mail at prescribed rates from the SEC s Public Reference Room at the above address. Information
about the Public Reference Room can be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov
that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

On our website, www.aurasystems.com,
we provide free of charge our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments
thereto, as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. Information contained on
our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the SEC. 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 

We have been a party to litigation, a consent
solicitation and a proxy contest with shareholders controlling a majority of the Company s stock, which is costly and time-consuming
and has had a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and could adversely affect our stock
price. 

In March 2019, stockholders
of the Company representing a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock delivered signed written consents
to the Company removing Ronald Buschur, William Anderson and Si Ryong Yu as members of the Company s Board and electing Ms. Cipora
Lavut, Mr. David Mann and Dr. Robert Lempert as directors of the Company. Because of Aura s refusal to recognize the legal effectiveness
of the consents, on April 8, 2019 the stockholders filed suit in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware pursuant to Section 225
of the Delaware General Corporations Law, seeking an order confirming the validity of the consents. On July 8, 2019 the Court of Chancery
entered final judgment in favor of the stockholder plaintiffs, confirming that (a) Ronald Buschur, Si Ryong Yu and William Anderson had
been validly removed by the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding stock acting by written consent (b) Ms. Lavut, Mr.
Mann and Dr. Lempert had been validly elected by the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding stock acting by written
consent, and (c) the Company s Board of Directors validly consists of Cipora Lavut, David Mann, Robert Lempert, Gary Douglas and
Salvador Diaz-Vers n, Jr. Aura s refusal to recognize the legal effectiveness of the consents and the decision by the Company s
former leadership team to utilize corporate resources to vigorously contest the shareholder action has consumed significant financial
resources, temporarily stagnated operations, and resulted in substantial costs, all of which had a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results and financial condition. 

We have a history of losses, and we may not be profitable in
any future period. 

Except for Fiscal 2018 and
Fiscal 2021, in each fiscal year since our reorganization in 2006, we have reported losses. For Fiscal year 2023, we recorded a net
loss of 3.4 million. We continue to need substantial funds for the development of new products, enhancement of existing products
and in order to expand sales. However, sales of our products have not increased as we expected them to and may never increase to the level
that we need to expand our operations, or even to sustain them. We can provide no assurance as to when, or if, we will be profitable in
the future. Even if we achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain it. 

15 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, which may hinder our ability to obtain future financing. 

During the fiscal year ended
February 28, 2023, the Company incurred a net loss of approximately 3.4 million and had negative cash flows from operating activities
of approximately 3.1 million and at February 28, 2023, had a stockholders deficit of approximately 20.3 million and a working capital
deficit of approximately 13.7 million. In addition, as of February 28, 2023, notes payable with an aggregate balance of 5.1 million
and accrued interest of 1.1 million are past due. These factors raise substantial doubts about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern within one year of the date that these financial statements are issued. As a result, our independent registered public
accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in its report on our financial statements as of and for the year ended February 28,
2023, with respect to this uncertainty. We do not have any sufficient committed sources of capital and do not know whether additional
financing will be available when needed on terms that are acceptable, if at all. This going concern statement from our independent public
accounting firm may discourage some investors from purchasing our stock or providing alternative capital financing. The failure to satisfy
our capital requirements will adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The effects of a pandemic or widespread
outbreak of an illness, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, has had and could continue to have a material adverse impact on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

The outbreak of COVID-19
was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization WHO during our fourth quarter of Fiscal 2020 and continues to
impact our operations and cash flows up to the filing date of this Annual Report for Fiscal 2023. We have implemented measures to mitigate
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. We expect our Fiscal 2024 results of operations to be less impacted, however still adversely affected
by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

As a result of the COVID-19
pandemic, we have experienced varying degrees of business disruptions and periods of closure of our corporate facilities, as have our
customers, partners, suppliers, and vendors, as described in Item 1 Business Recent Developments. 
Collectively, these disruptions have had a material adverse impact on our business throughout Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022. Despite the
introduction of COVID-19 vaccines, the pandemic remains highly volatile and continues to evolve. Accordingly, we cannot predict for how
long and to what extent this crisis will continue to impact our business operations or the global economy as a whole. Potential impacts
to our business include, but are not limited to: 

our ability to successfully
execute our long-term growth strategy; 

potential declines in the level
of purchases of products, including our products, caused by higher unemployment and lower disposal income levels, travel and social gathering
restrictions, work-from-home arrangements, or other factors beyond our control; 

our ability to generate sufficient
cash flows to support our operations, including repayment of our debt obligations as they become due; 

the potential loss of one or
more of our significant customers or partners, or the loss of a large number of smaller customers or partners, if they are not able to
withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions, and our ability to collect outstanding receivables; 

temporary closures or other
operational restrictions of our facilities; 

supply chain disruptions resulting
from closed factories, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials, and scrutiny or embargoing of goods produced in infected areas,
including any related cost increases; 

our ability to access capital
markets and maintain compliance with covenants associated with our existing debt instruments, as well as the ability of our key customers,
suppliers, and vendors to do the same with regard to their own obligations; 

additional costs to protect
the health and safety of our employees, customers, and communities, such as more frequent and thorough cleanings of our facilities and
supplying personal protection equipment; 

diversion of management attention
and resources from ongoing business activities and/or a decrease in employee morale; and 

our ability to maintain an effective
system of internal controls and compliance with the requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Additional discussion related
to the various risks and uncertainties described above is included elsewhere within this Risk Factors section of our Form
10-K. 

16 

We derive a substantial portion of our revenues
from customers in industries susceptible to trends and factors affecting those industries, including the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Our axial flux induction technology
is geared toward industrial, commercial and EV motor users, and in addition, our mobile power solution is geared to end-markets such as
commercial vehicles, communications, transportation industries, and consumer and industrial equipment markets. Factors negatively affecting
these industries also negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any adverse occurrence, including
industry slowdown, recession, costly or constraining regulations, excessive inflation, prolonged disruptions in one or more of our customers 
production schedules or labor disturbances, that results in significant decline in the volume of sales in these industries, or in an overall
downturn in the business and operations of our customers in these industries, could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

As a result of the COVID-19
pandemic, global vehicle production has decreased, and some manufacturers have completely shut down manufacturing operations in some countries
and regions, including the United States and Europe. As a result, we have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, delays
in the production and distribution of our products and the loss of sales. If the global economic effects caused by the COVID-19 pandemic
continue or increase, overall customer demand may continue to decrease which could have a further adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

We will need additional capital in the future
to meet our obligations and financing may not be available. During Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, the Company increased its engineering
and manufacturing activities, but it still struggled with meeting its financial requirements. If we cannot obtain additional capital,
we will not be able to continue our operations. 

As a result of our operating
losses, we have largely financed our operations through sales of our equity securities. Beginning with Fiscal 2017, the Company significantly
reduced its engineering, manufacturing, sales, and marketing activities to focus on renegotiating numerous financial obligations and conserving
cash. For Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, we had approximately 3.1 million negative and 2.6 million negative cash flows from operations,
respectively, due primarily to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company s engineering and manufacturing activities remained
limited due to our inability to increase sales and raise significant amounts of new financing. Our ability to continue as a going concern
is directly dependent upon our ability to obtain additional operating capital and generating sufficient operating cash flow. The
impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, increased interest rates and inflation have caused significant uncertainty and volatility in the credit
markets and there can be no assurance that lenders or investors will make additional commitments to provide financing to us under current
circumstances. As a result of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may be required to raise additional capital and our access to and
cost of financing will depend on, among other things, global economic conditions, conditions in the global financing markets, the availability
of sufficient amounts of financing, and our prospects. If we are unable to obtain additional funding as and when we need it, we will not
be able to recommence operations or undertake our planned expansion. 

17 

If we do not receive additional financing
when and as needed, we may not be able to continue the research, development and commercialization of our technology and products. In
that case, our business and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

Our capital requirements have
been and will continue to be significant. We will require substantial additional funds in excess of our current financial resources for
research, development and commercialization of products, to obtain and maintain patents and other intellectual property rights in these
technologies and products, and for working capital and other purposes, the timing and amount of which are difficult to ascertain. When
and as we need additional funds, such funds may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we cannot obtain additional
funding when and as needed, our business and results of operation would be materially and adversely affected. 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable,
and any inability or failure to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services and brand, which would have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

Our patents, trademarks, and
all of our other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. There are events that are outside of our control that pose
a threat to our intellectual property rights. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country
in which our products and services are distributed or made available. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights
may not be sufficient or effective. Due to our lack of financial resources, we may not be able to adequately protect our technology portfolio
or apply for new patents to extend our intellectual property portfolio. The expiration of patents in our patent portfolio may also have
an adverse effect on our business. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business and or our ability
to compete. Protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming and we may need to resort to litigation to enforce
our patent rights or to determine the scope and validity of third-party intellectual property rights and we may not have the financial
resources to pay for such litigation. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively
than we can because they have substantially greater resources. 

We seek to obtain patent protection
for our innovations. It is possible, however, that some of these innovations may not be protectable. In addition, given the costs of obtaining
patent protection, we may choose not to protect certain innovations that later turn out to be important. Furthermore, there is always
the possibility, despite our efforts, that the scope of the protection gained will be insufficient or that an issued patent may be deemed
invalid or unenforceable. Our inability or failure to protect our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on
our business by reducing the value of our products, services and brand. 

We occasionally become subject to commercial
disputes that could harm our business by distracting our management from the operation of our business, by increasing our expenses and,
if we do not prevail, by subjecting us to potential monetary damages and other remedies. 

From time to time, we are
engaged in disputes regarding our commercial transactions. These disputes could result in monetary damages or other remedies that could
adversely impact our financial position or operations. Even if we prevail in these disputes, they may distract our management from operating
our business and the cost of defending these disputes would reduce our operating results. 

18 

We have been named as a party in various
legal proceedings, and we may be named in additional litigation, all of which will require significant management time and attention,
result in significant legal expenses and may result in an unfavorable outcome, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results and financial condition. 

We have been and may in the
future become subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in or outside the ordinary course of business. Certain current
lawsuits and pending proceedings are described under Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

The results of these lawsuits
and future legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Also, our insurance coverage may be insufficient or not provide any coverage
at all for certain claims, our assets may be insufficient to cover any amounts that exceed our insurance coverage, and we may have to
pay damage awards or otherwise may enter into settlement arrangements in connection with such claims. Any such payments or settlement
arrangements in current or future litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition.
Even if the plaintiffs claims are not successful, current future litigation could result in substantial costs and significantly
and adversely impact our reputation and divert management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results or financial condition. In addition, such lawsuits may make it more difficult to finance our operations. 

We have substantial indebtedness and obligations to pay interest. 

We currently have, and will
likely continue to have, a substantial amount of indebtedness and obligations to pay interest from various financing and settlement arrangements.
Our indebtedness and interest obligations could, among other things, make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations, require
us to use a large portion of our cash flow from operations to repay and service our debt or otherwise create liquidity problems, limit
our flexibility to adjust to market conditions, and place us at a competitive disadvantage. As of February 28, 2023, we had total notes
payable debt outstanding plus accrued interest of approximately 18.0 million, of which 10.6 million was short term. As of February 28, 2023, notes payable with an aggregate balance of
 5.1 million and accrued interest of 1.1 million are past due, 

In March 2022, the Company
reached a settlement that resolved the various claims asserted against us by former director, Robert Kopple, and his affiliated entities.
In July 2017, Mr. Kopple and his affiliates brought suit against the Company relating to more than 13 million and the current equivalent
of more than approximately 23 million warrants, exercisable for seven years at a price of 0.10 per share, which Mr. Kopple and his affiliated
entities (collectively the Kopple Parties claimed to be owed to them pursuant to various agreements with the Company entered
into between 2013-2016. Under the terms of the settlement, the Company agreed to pay an aggregate amount of 10 million over a period
of seven years, including 3 million initial payment in June 2022. 150,000 was paid in June 2022, and the balance of the initial payment
of 2.85 million was extended to May 29, 2023. In exchange for the extension, the Company paid extension and forbearance fees of 165,000
in cash and accrued deferred forbearance fees of 430,000. Beginning January 2023, interest accrues on the unpaid balance at a rate of
6 , compounded annually. All amounts, including all accrued interest and deferred fees, are to be paid no later than eight years from
the date of the initial payment. The Kopple Parties have also received seven-year warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of approximately
3.3 million shares of our common stock at a price of 0.85 per share. The settlement also provides for standard mutual general release
provisions and includes customary representations, warranties, and covenants, including certain increases in the amount payable to the
Kopple Parties and the right of such parties to enter judgment against the Company if the Company remains in uncured default in its payment
obligations under the settlement. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings , Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , Footnote 9 Notes Payable-Related
Parties and Footnote 17 Subsequent Events in the Notes to Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the transactions. 

We expect to obtain the money
to pay our expenses and pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness from cash flow from our operations and from securities offerings.
Accordingly, our ability to meet our obligations depends on our future performance and capital-raising activities, which will be affected
by financial, business, economic and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. If our cash flow and capital resources prove
inadequate to allow us to pay the principal and interest on our debt and meet our other obligations, we could face substantial liquidity
problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations, restructure or refinance our debt, which we may be unable
to do on acceptable terms and forego attractive business opportunities. In addition, the terms of our existing or future debt agreements
may restrict us from pursuing any of these alternatives. 

Our business is not diversified. If we cannot
increase market acceptance of our products, modify our products and services, or compete with new technologies, we may never be profitable. 

We currently focus all of
our resources on the successful commercialization of our axial flux induction motors and AuraGen mobile power family of
products. Because we have elected to focus our business on a single technology line rather than diversifying into other areas, our success
will be dependent upon the commercial success of these products. If we are unable to increase market acceptance of our products, if we
are unable to modify our products and services on a timely basis so that we lose customers, or if new technologies make our technology
obsolete, we may never be profitable. 

19 

Most of our competitors are larger and better
financed than we are and have a greater presence in the marketplace. Our business may be adversely affected by industry competition. 

Both in the U.S. and internationally,
the industries in which we operate are extremely competitive. We face substantial competition from companies that have a long history
of offering traditional auxiliary power units (portable generators), traditional automotive alternators, and inverters (a device that
inverts battery direct current electricity to alternating current). Most of our competitors have substantially greater financial resources,
spend considerably larger sums than we spend on research, new product development and marketing, and have long-standing customer relationships.
Furthermore, we must compete with many larger and better-established companies in the hiring and retention of qualified personnel. Although
we believe we have significant technological advantages over our competitors, realizing and maintaining such advantages will require us
to develop customer relationships and will also depend on market acceptance of our products. We may not have the financial resources,
technical expertise, or marketing and support capabilities to compete successfully, which would materially and adversely affect our business. 

We may not be able to establish an effective
distribution network or strategic OEM relationships; in which case our sales will not increase as expected and our financial condition
and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

We are in the very beginning
stages of developing our distribution network and establishing strategic relationships with original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers.
We may not be able to identify appropriate distributors or OEM customers on a timely basis. The distributors with which we partner may
not focus adequate resources on selling our products or may otherwise be unsuccessful in selling them. In addition, we cannot assure you
that we will be able to establish OEM relationships on favorable terms or at all. The lack of success of distributors or OEM customers
in marketing our products would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

If we are successful in executing our business
plan to grow our business, our failure to efficiently manage our growth could have an adverse effect on our business. 

If we are successful in executing
our business plan, we may experience growth in our business that could place a significant strain on our management and other resources.
Our ability to manage this growth will require us to successfully assimilate new employees, improve existing management information systems
and reorganize our operations. If we fail to manage growth efficiently, our business could be adversely affected. 

We may experience delays in product shipments
and increased product costs because we depend on third party manufacturers for certain product components. Delays in product shipment
or an inability to replace certain suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We currently do not have the
capability to manufacture most of the AuraGen components on a commercial scale. Therefore, we rely extensively on contracts
with third party manufacturers for such components. The use of third-party manufacturers increases the risk of delay of shipments to our
customers and increases the risk of higher costs if our manufacturers are not available when required. Our suppliers and manufacturers
may not supply us with a sufficient number of components or components of adequate quality, which would delay production of our product.
We do not currently have written agreements with any suppliers. Furthermore, those suppliers who make certain components may not be easily
replaced. Any of these disruptions in the supply of components could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of
operations. Furthermore, we are monitoring the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the operations of the Company, particularly with respect
to possible delays and other disruptions to the supply-chain. 

20 

Although we generally aim to use standard
parts and components for our products, some of our components are currently available only from limited sources. 

We may experience delays in
production of the AuraGen if we fail to identify alternate vendors, or if any parts supply is interrupted or reduced or
if there is a significant increase in production costs, each of which could materially adversely and affect our business and operations. 

We will need to renew sources of component
supplies to meet increases in demand for the AuraGen . There is no assurance that our suppliers can or will supply the
components to us on favorable terms or at all. 

As we recommence our operations
and in order to meet future demand for AuraGen systems, we will need to renew contracts or form new contracts with our
prior manufacturers and suppliers or locate other suitable manufacturers and suppliers for subassemblies and other components. Recently,
we entered into discussions with several of our prior suppliers and we are in the process of negotiating settlements of old payables and
arranging new supply contracts. Although we believe that there are a number of potential manufacturers and suppliers of the components,
we cannot guarantee that contracts for components can be obtained on favorable terms or at all. Any material adverse change in terms of
the purchase of these components could increase our cost of goods. 

We need to invest in tooling to have a more
extensive line of products. If we cannot expand our tooling, it may not be possible for us to expand our operations. 

We are currently limited in
the products that we are able to manufacture because of the limitations of our tooling capabilities. In order to have a broader line of
products that address industrial and commercial needs, we must make a significant investment in additional tooling or pursue new alternatives
to replace traditional tooling. We do not currently have the funds required to acquire new tooling or to obtain replacements and no assurances
can be given that we will have the required funds in the future. If we do not acquire the required funds for tooling or replacement tooling,
we may not be able to expand our product line to meet industrial and commercial needs. 

We are subject to government regulation
that may restrict our ability to use certain suppliers outside the U.S. or to sell our products into certain countries. If we cannot obtain
the required approval from government agencies, then our business may be adversely affected. 

We depend on third party suppliers
for our parts and components, some of which are located outside of the United States. In the event that some of these suppliers are barred
from selling their products in the United States, or cannot meet other U.S. government regulations, we would need to locate other suppliers,
which could delay or prevent us from shipping product to our customers. We use copper, steel and aluminum in our product and in the event
of government regulations or restrictions of these materials we may experience a shortage of these materials to manufacture our product.
Furthermore, U.S. law restricts us from selling products in some potential foreign markets without U.S. government approval. If we cannot
obtain the required approvals from government agencies to obtain materials or contract with suppliers or if we are restricted by government
regulation from selling our products into certain countries, our business may be adversely affected. 

Acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic
alliances may have an adverse effect on our business. 

In March 2017, we entered
into a joint venture agreement with a Chinese partner. This joint venture arrangement and other transactions and arrangements involve
significant challenges and risks, including that they do not advance our business strategy, that we get an unsatisfactory return on our
investment, that we have difficulty integrating and retaining new employees, business systems, and technology, or that they distract management
from our other businesses. If an arrangement fails to adequately anticipate changing circumstances and interests of a party, it may result
in early termination or renegotiation of the arrangement. The success of these transactions and arrangements will depend in part on our
ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones. It may take longer than expected
to realize the full benefits from these transactions and arrangements, such as increased revenue, enhanced efficiencies, or increased
market share, or the benefits may ultimately be smaller than we expected. These events could adversely affect our operating results or
financial condition. During Fiscal 2020, the joint venture ceased operation in compliance with the Chinese government s COVID-19
policies. As a result, during Fiscal 2020 the Company recorded an impairment expense of 250,000 writing-off the Jiangsu Shengfeng investment
due to operational and future cash-flow uncertainties associated with AuraGen market development prospects in China through
the joint venture. 

21 

We rely on highly skilled personnel and,
if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire qualified personnel, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our performance is largely
dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify,
hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. We are currently in default under
several agreements with various key consultants which may make those parties unwilling to continue to work with the Company. Our continued
ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees and consultants.
The incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees and consultants provided by our ability to pay competitive salaries and rates
as well as offering additional incentives such as stock option grants or by future arrangements may not be as effective as in the past.
If we do not succeed in attracting excellent personnel or retaining or motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively. 

Our business is subject to the risks of
earthquakes and other natural catastrophic events, and to interruptions by man-made problems such as computer viruses, terrorism, or pandemics. 

Our corporate headquarters
and our research and development operations are located in the State of California in regions known for seismic activity. A significant
natural disaster, such as an earthquake, in this region could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. In addition, our servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins, and similar disruptions from unauthorized
tampering with our computer systems. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Failure to maintain effective internal controls
over financial reporting could adversely affect our business and the market price of our Common Stock. 

Pursuant to rules adopted
by the SEC under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to assess the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting
and provide a management report on our internal controls over financial reporting in all annual reports. This report contains, among other
matters, a statement as to whether our internal controls over financial reporting are effective and the disclosure of any material weaknesses
in our internal controls over financial reporting identified by management. Section 404 also requires our independent registered
public accounting firm to audit the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 

As described in ITEM 9A, Controls
and Procedures contained herein in this Annual Report, management concluded that the Company s internal controls over financial
reporting were not effective for the Fiscal year ended February 28, 2022 and identified material weaknesses in its financial reporting
internal controls. The Company implemented a plan to remediate the material weaknesses in Fiscal 2023, and has concluded that as of February
28, 2023 its internal controls over financial reporting were effective. While the Company believes it has addressed and remediated the
material weaknesses, there can be no guarantee that other weaknesses in its financial reporting controls will not be identified in the
future. Presently, the Company does not have the financial resources to fully comply with all requirements of Section 404. If, in the
future, we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting during this continuous evaluation
process, our management may not be able to assert that such internal controls are effective. Therefore, if we are unable to assert
that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective in the future, or if our auditors are unable to attest that our internal
controls are effective or they are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls, we could lose investor
confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which would have an adverse effect on our business and the market
price of our Common Stock. 

Trading on the OTC Markets is volatile and
sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their shares . 

Our common stock is quoted
on the Pink Sheets of the OTC Markets. Trading in stock quoted on the OTC Markets is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations
in trading prices, due to many factors, some of which may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility
could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, the OTC Markets is not a
stock exchange, and trading of securities on the OTC Markets is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a quotation
system like NASDAQ or a stock exchange like the New York Stock Exchange. These factors may result in investors having difficulty reselling
any shares of our common stock. 

22 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Effective February 28, 2021,
the Company vacated its previous Stanton California facility and other temporary storage facilities and consolidated its administrative
offices and operations, including warehousing space, within an approximately 18,000 square feet facility in Lake Forest, California under
a rental agreement that commenced on February 15, 2021 and covers a 66-month rental period effective from February 2021 through August
31, 2026. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are subject to the legal
proceedings and claims discussed below as well as certain other legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully resolved and that
have arisen in the ordinary course of business. Our management evaluates our exposure to these claims and proceedings individually and
in the aggregate and evaluates potential losses on such litigation if the amount of the loss is estimable and the loss is probable. However,
the outcome of legal proceedings and claims brought against the Company is subject to significant uncertainty. Although management considers
the likelihood of such an outcome to be remote, if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against the Company for amounts in
excess of management s expectations, the Company s financial statements for that reporting period could be materially adversely
affected. The Company settled certain matters subsequent to year end that did not individually or in the aggregate, have a material impact
on the Company s financial condition or operating results. 

In 2017, the Company s
former COO was awarded approximately 238,000 in accrued salary and related charges by the California labor board. In August 2021, the
Company reached a settlement by which the Company agreed to pay approximately 330,000, representing the principal award plus accrued
interest. As of the time of this filing, the Company has paid approximately 271,600 toward the settlement amount. The remaining balance
of approximately 58,400 is to be paid no later than September 1, 2023 and accrues interest of 10 per annum until paid. 

Between July 2017 and March
2022, the Company was engaged in litigation with a former director, Robert Kopple, relating to more than 13 million and the current
equivalent of the approximately 23 million warrants, exercisable for seven years at a price of 0.10 per share, which Mr. Kopple and
his affiliated entities (collectively the Kopple Parties claimed should have been originally issued to them pursuant to
various agreements with the Company entered to between 2013-2016. In March 2022, the Company reached a settlement with the Kopple Parties
that resolved all claims asserted against the Company without any admission, concession or finding of any fault, liability or wrongdoing
on the part of the Company. Under the terms of the settlement, the Company agreed to pay an aggregate amount of 10 million over a period
of seven years, including 3 million initial payment to be paid in June 2022. 150 was paid in June 2022, and the balance of the initial
payment of 2.85 million was extended to May 29, 2023, In exchange for the extension, the Company was required to pay 165,000 in extension
and forbearance fees in cash and 430,000 in accrued forbearance fees. Beginning in January 2023, interest accrues on the unpaid balance
at a rate of 6 , compounded annually. All amounts, including all accrued interest and deferred fees, are to be paid no later than eight
years from the date of the initial payment. The Kopple Parties have also received seven-year warrants to purchase up to an aggregate
of approximately 3.3 million shares of our common stock at a price of 0.85 per share. The settlement also provides for standard mutual
general release provisions and includes customary representations, warranties, and covenants, including certain increases in the amount
payable to the Kopple Parties and the right of such parties to enter judgment against the Company if the Company remains in uncured default
in its payment obligations under the settlement. As of the date of this report, the Company has not yet paid the full 3,000,000 installment
due to Kopple, having made an initial payment of 150,000 in June 2022. (See Part IV, Item 15, Note 9 and Note 17 to the Financial Statements). 

23 

On March 26, 2019, various
stockholders of the Company controlling a combined total of more than 27.5 million shares delivered a signed written consent to the Company
removing Ronald Buschur as a member of the Company s Board and electing Cipora Lavut as a director of the Company. On March
27, 2019, those same stockholders delivered a further signed written consent to the Company removing William Anderson and Si Ryong Yu
as members of the Company s Board and electing Robert Lempert and David Mann as directors of the Company. These written consents
represented a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as of March 26, 2019, and March 27, 2019,
respectively. Because of Aura s refusal to recognize the legal effectiveness of the consents, on April 8, 2019, the stockholders
filed suit in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware pursuant to Section 225 of the Delaware General Corporations Law, seeking
an order confirming the validity of the consents and declaring that Aura s Board consists of Ms. Lavut, Mr. Mann, Dr. Lempert,
Mr. Douglas and Mr. Diaz-Vers n, Jr. On July 8, 2019 the Court of Chancery entered final judgment in favor of the
stockholder plaintiffs, confirming that (a) Ronald Buschur, Si Ryong Yu and William Anderson had been validly removed by the holders of
a majority of the Company s outstanding stock acting by written consent (b) Ms. Lavut, Mr. Mann and Dr. Lempert had been validly
elected by the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding stock acting by written consent, and (c) the Company s Board
of Directors validly consists of Cipora Lavut, David Mann, Robert Lempert, Gary Douglas and Salvador Diaz-Vers n, Jr. As a result
of prior management s unsuccessful opposition to this stockholders action filed in the Court of Chancery, such stockholders
may be potentially entitled to recoup their litigation costs from the Company under Delaware s corporate benefit doctrine and/or
other legal provisions. To date, no final determination has been made as to the amount of recoupment, if any, to which such stockholders
may be entitled. 

In
June 2022, Melvin Gagerman, the Company s former CEO and CFO whose employment with Aura was permanently terminated in July 2019,
brought suit against the Company for repayment of an allegedly unsecured demand promissory note in the principal amount of 82,000 which
he claims was entered into in April 2014 and bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum. Despite the fact that, based on Gagerman s
allegations, the note was issued during a period when he was the Company s CEO, CFO, Corporate Secretary and Chairman of Aura s
Board of Directors, Gagerman has stated that he does not possess a copy of the alleged promissory note. The Company disputes that any
amount is presently owed to Gagerman and has filed a cross-complaint against him for, among things, conversion, violation of California
Business Professions Code 17200, and various breaches of fiduciary duty that the Company believes Gagerman committed against
Aura, including without limitation, Gagerman s actions in opposing the valid 2019 stockholder consent action. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

24 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our shares are quoted on the
Pink Sheets operated by OTC Markets, Inc. under the symbol AUSI . Set forth below are high and low bid prices for our common
stock for each quarterly period in the two most recent Fiscal years. Such quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up,
markdown or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions in the common stock. We had approximately 3,400 stockholders
of record as of May 19, 2023. 

Period 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal 2023 

First Quarter ended May 31, 2022 
 0.48 
 0.24 
 
 Second Quarter ended August 31, 2022 
 0.45 
 0.20 
 
 Third Quarter ended November 30, 2022 
 0.55 
 0.17 
 
 Fourth Quarter ended February 28, 2023 
 0.52 
 0.19 

Fiscal 2022 

First Quarter ended May 31, 2021 
 0.52 
 0.24 
 
 Second Quarter ended August 31, 2021 
 0.58 
 0.23 
 
 Third Quarter ended November 30, 2021 
 0.73 
 0.38 
 
 Fourth Quarter ended February 28, 2022 
 0.80 
 0.22 

On May 19, 2023, the reported closing sales price for our common stock
was 0.20. 

Dividend Policy 

We have not paid any dividends
on our common stock and we do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the year ended February
28, 2023, we issued 11,529,242 shares of common stock, for a total of approximately 3,270,000. 

During the year ended February
28, 2022, we issued 12,016,095 shares of common stock, for a total of approximately 3,276,000 inclusive of 1,571,429 and 245,001 shares
of common stock in settlement of 550,000 of debt and approximately 74,000 for services, respectively. 

Funds raised were for general
corporate working capital purposes. All such securities were issued and sold in reliance on the exemption from registration contained
in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, and the certificates representing such securities contain a restrictive legend reflecting
the limitations on future transfer of those securities. The offer and sale of these securities was made without public solicitation or
advertising. The investors represented to us that they were knowledgeable and sophisticated and were experienced in business and financial
matters so as to be capable of evaluating an investment in our securities and were an accredited investor within the meaning
of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. Each of these investors was afforded full access to information regarding
our business. 

Repurchases of Equity Securities 

We did not repurchase
any shares of our common stock during the fiscal years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022. 

25 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

As a smaller reporting
company, we are not required to provide disclosure under this Item 6. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward Looking Statements. 

This Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations includes forward-looking statements. For cautions about relying
on such forward-looking statements, please refer to the section entitled Forward Looking Statements at the beginning of
this Report immediately prior to Item 1 . 

Overview 

Our business is based on the
exploitation of our Axial Flux Induction Motor solution and mobile power known as the AuraGen for commercial and industrial
applications and the VIPER for military applications. Our business model consists of two major components: (i) sales and marketing, (ii)
design and engineering. Our sales and marketing approaches are composed of direct sales in North America and the use of agents and distributors
in other areas. In North America, our primary focus is in (a) mobile exportable power applications, (b) EV motor applications, (c) U.S.
Military applications and (d) industrial/commercial motor as well as mobile power applications. The second component of our business model
is focused on the design of new products and engineering support for the sales activities described above. The engineering support consists
of the introduction of new optimized power levels for electric motors and new features for our AuraGen /VIPER solution
such as higher power/torque solutions, and different input and output voltages (DC and AC input and output versions). 

In Fiscal 2020 stockholders
of the Company successfully removed Ronald Buschur, William Anderson and Si Ryong Yu from the Company s Board of Directors and elected
Ms. Cipora Lavut, Mr. David Mann and Dr. Robert Lempert as directors of the Company in their stead. See Item 3, Legal Proceedings for
more information. Also, in Fiscal 2020, Melvin Gagerman Aura s CEO and CFO since 2006 was replaced.
In July 2019 Ms. Lavut succeeded Mr. Gagerman as President and Mr. Mann succeeded Mr. Gagerman as CFO. Dr. Lempert was appointed as Secretary
of the Company by the Board of Directors also in July 2019. In the second half of Fiscal 2020, the company began significantly increasing
its engineering, manufacturing and marketing activities. From July 8, 2019, the date of the change in management, through the end of Fiscal
2023, the Company shipped approximately 150 units to. Although our operations were impacted in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021
by the COVID-19 pandemic, during these periods we continued to expand our engineering and manufacturing capabilities. See Item
1. Business. Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding the
impact of COVID-19 on our operations. Our engineering, research and development costs for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 were approximately
 850,000 and 611,000, respectively. 

During Fiscal 2018 and Fiscal
2019, the Company s engineering, manufacturing, sales, and marketing activities were reduced while we focused on renegotiating numerous
financial obligations. During this time, the Company s agreements with numerous customers, third party vendors, and organizations
and entities material to the operation of the Company business were canceled, delayed or terminated. During Fiscal 2018, the Company successfully
restructured in excess of 30 million of debt. Robert Kopple, our former Vice Chairman of the Board, was the only significant unsecured
note holder that did not executed formal agreements regarding the restructure of his debt. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding the dispute with Mr. Kopple regarding these transactions.
In March 2022, the Company reached a settlement that resolves the various claims asserted against us by Mr. Kopple and his affiliated
entities. In July 2017, Mr. Kopple and his affiliates brought suit against the Company relating to more than 13 million and the current
equivalent of more than approximately 23 million warrants, exercisable for seven years at a price of 0.10 per share, which Mr. Kopple
and his affiliated entities (collectively the Kopple Parties claimed to be owed to them pursuant to various agreements
with the Company entered into between 2013-2016. Under the terms of the settlement, the Company agreed to pay an aggregate amount of 10
million over a period of seven years, including 3 million initial payment to be paid in June 2022. 150 was paid in June 2022, and the
balance of the initial payment of 2.85 million was extended to May 29, 2023. In exchange for the extension, the Company was required
to pay 165,000 in extension and forbearance fees in cash and 430,000 in accrued forbearance fees. Beginning in January 2023, interest
accrues on the unpaid balance at a rate of 6 , compounded annually. All amounts, including all accrued interest and deferred fees, are
to be paid no later than eight years from the date of the initial payment. The Kopple Parties have also received seven-year warrants to
purchase up to an aggregate of approximately 3.3 million shares of our common stock at a price of 0.85 per share. The settlement also
provides for standard mutual general release provisions and includes customary representations, warranties, and covenants, including certain
increases in the amount payable to the Kopple Parties and the right of such parties to enter judgment against the Company if the Company
remains in uncured default in its payment obligations under the settlement. (See Part IV, Item 15, Notes 9 and 17 to the Financial Statements) 

26 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our management s discussion
and analysis of our financial conditions and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of financial statements requires
management to make estimates and disclosures on the date of the financial statements. In preparing our financial statements, we have made
our best estimates and judgments of certain amounts included in the financial statements. We use authoritative pronouncements, historical
experience and other assumptions as the basis for making judgments. The full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is unknown and cannot be
reasonably estimated for these key estimates and assumptions. However, we made appropriate accounting estimates based on the facts and
circumstances available as of the reporting date. To the extent that there are differences between these estimates and actual results,
our financial statements may be materially affected. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue
in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. To determine revenue recognition under ASC 606, an entity performs the following five-steps
(i) identifies the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identifies the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determines the transaction
price; (iv) allocates the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognizes revenue when (or as) the
entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only applies the five-steps to contracts when it is probable that the entity will
collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer. 

In accordance with ASC 606,
we recognize revenue, net of discounts, for our generator sets at time of product delivery to the domestic distributor (i.e. point-in-time),
which also corresponds to the passage of legal title to the customer and the satisfaction of our performance obligations to the customer.
Our payment terms are cash payment due upon delivery and typically includes a 2 price discount off the selling price in accordance with
this policy. Our commercial terms and conditions do not include a right of return for reasons other than a defect in performance or quality.
We offer a 24-month assurance-type warranty covering material and manufacturing defects, which we account for under the guidance of ASC
460, Guarantee. 

27 

Inventories 

Inventories are valued at
the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or net realizable value, on an average cost basis. We review the components of inventory on a
regular basis for excess or obsolete inventory based on estimated future usage and sales. When evidence exists that the net realizable
value of inventory is lower than its cost, the difference is recognized as a loss in the period in which it occurs. Once inventory has
been written down, it creates a new cost basis for inventory that may not be subsequently written up. 

Leases 

The Company determines whether
a contract is, or contains, a lease at inception. Right-of-use assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset during
the lease term, and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities are recognized at lease commencement based upon the estimated present value of unpaid lease payments over
the lease term. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at lease commencement in determining
the present value of unpaid lease payments. 

Share-Based Compensation 

The Company periodically issues
stock options and warrants, and shares of common stock to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services
and for financing costs. Share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award,
and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. Recognition of compensation expense for non-employees is in the same period
and manner as if the Company had paid cash for services. The Company periodically issues stock options and warrants, and shares of common
stock to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing costs. Share-based compensation
cost is measured at the grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award, and is recognized as expense over the requisite service
period. Recognition of compensation expense for non-employees is in the same period and manner as if the Company had paid cash for services. 

COVID-19 

The COVID-19 global pandemic
has negatively affected the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, and created extreme volatility and disruptions to capital
and credit markets in the global financial markets. We began to see the impact of COVID-19 during our fourth quarter of Fiscal 2020 with
our Chinese joint venture s manufacturing facilities being required to close and many of our customers suspending their own operations
due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, net sales and production levels during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2020, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal
2022 and Fiscal 2023 were significantly reduced, thus impacting our results of operations during these periods. 

28 

In response to the COVID-19
pandemic and business disruption, we implemented certain measures to manage costs, preserve liquidity and enhance employee safety. These
measures included the following: 

Reduction of payroll costs through temporary furloughs; 

Enhanced cleaning and disinfection procedures at our facilities, temperature checks for our workers, promotion of social distancing at our facilities and requirements for employees to work from home where possible; 

Reduction of capital expenditures; and 

Deferral of discretionary spending. 

The extent of the impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial results and liquidity will depend largely on future developments, including the duration
of the spread of the COVID-19 outbreak within the U.S. and globally, the impact on capital and financial markets and the related impact
on our customers, especially in the commercial vehicle markets. These future developments are outside of our control, are highly uncertain,
and cannot be predicted. If the impact is prolonged, then it can further increase the difficulty of planning for operations and may require
us to take further actions as it relates to costs and liquidity. These and other potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic will continue
to adversely impact our results for the first quarter of Fiscal 2023, as well as the full Fiscal year, and that impact could be material. 

Results of Operations 

Fiscal 2023 compared to Fiscal 2022 

Revenues 

Revenues in Fiscal 2023 were
approximately 71,000 as compared to the Fiscal 2022 period of approximately 100,000, a reduction of approximately 29 . Fiscal 2023 revenues
consisted principally of the delivery of 9 AuraGen /VIPER systems, 7 of which were to a single distributor customer. Fiscal
2022 revenues consisted principally of the delivery of 8 AuraGen /VIPER systems, including the initial units of the Company s
new design. We believe that the low levels of revenue in both Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 were the result of being impacted significantly
by the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the global economy. 

Cost of Goods 

Cost of goods sold was approximately
 88,000 and 124,000 in the years ended February 28, 2023, and February 28, 2022, respectively. During Fiscal 2023, we benefited from
the utilization of fully reserved inventory to deliver 9 units and recorded material cost at 32 of sales value, direct labor at 43 of
sales value and other overheads at 44 of sales. Additionally, the Company recorded an inventory write-down of 4,000 to cost of goods
sold, which resulted in a negative gross margin of approximately 17,000 in Fiscal 2023. The disproportionate increase in manufacturing
overhead costs resulted from higher depreciation and systems costs without an offsetting increase in production volumes. During Fiscal
2022, we benefited from the utilization of fully reserved inventory to deliver 8 units and recorded material cost at 31 of sales value,
direct labor at 41 of sales value and other overheads at 16 of sales. Additionally, the Company recorded an inventory write-down of
 36,000 to cost of goods sold, which resulted in a negative gross margin of approximately 24,000 in Fiscal 2022. While both the FY 2023
and FY 2022 periods benefited from the utilization of inventory that was previously fully reserved, the new design ECU units fabricated
in those periods did include the costs of new electronics boards. As production levels increase over time, the amount of recoverable inventory
will decline and the amount of direct material recorded within cost of goods sold will increase, reducing the gross profit contribution
of units of sales. 

29 

Engineering, Research and Development 

Engineering, research and
development costs increased to approximately 850,000 in Fiscal 2023 from approximately 611,000 in Fiscal 2022, an increase of approximately
 239,000 or 39 . The increase is a result of the Company s augmented engineering activities, including (i) successfully recruiting
new additions to the engineering staff; (ii) licensing of modeling and design software tools for the full 12-month period; as well as
(iii) additional expenses incurred in the process of designing, fabricating and testing the new version of our electronic control unit ECU for our AuraGen /VIPER products. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expense 

Selling, general and administrative
expenses decreased approximately 159,000, or 6 , to 2,636,000 in Fiscal 2023 from 2,795,000 in Fiscal 2022 due to several factors.
Most notable of these was a decrease in non-cash share-based compensation of approximately 612,000 as all stock options completed vesting
in Fiscal 2022 with no new grants in Fiscal 2023. This was partially offset by (i) increased salary and wage-related expenses of approximately
 400,000, including higher expenses related to the sales team as well as a full year of costs for the Company s CFO; and (ii) increased
depreciation and software license related costs of approximately 55,000 associated with equipment and computer systems acquired in late
Fiscal 2022 and in Fiscal 2023. 

Non-Operating Income, Interest Expense and
Tax Provision 

Net interest expense decreased
significantly to approximately 727,000 in Fiscal 2023 from approximately 1,272,000 in Fiscal 2022, a decrease of approximately 545,000,
or 43 . This is principally a result of the settlement of the litigation with Robert Kopple and his affiliates. Under the terms of the
settlement, no interest was to accrue until payment of the initial 3 million, which was extended to May 2023. In exchange for the extensions,
the company recorded 335,000 of fees which are being categorized as interest, plus note interest of approximately 52,000. The aggregate
Kopple-related interest in Fiscal 2023 of approximately 387,000 compares to the Fiscal year 2022 Kopple-related interest of approximately
 823,000, a 53 reduction. 

Extinguishment gains and favorable
changes in the fair value of the Company s derivative warrant liabilities aggregated to an approximately 819,000 positive impact
for the Company in Fiscal 2023, an approximate 281,000 increase from the aggregate approximately 538,000 positive impact in Fiscal 2022.
The favorable fair value changes and extinguishment gains in Fiscal 2023 were principally associated with the expiration of approximately
4.7 million warrants in February 2023. 

During Fiscal 2022, the Company
recorded other income of approximately 167,000 for the forgiveness of principal and accrued interest on two Payroll Protection Program PPP loans. The PPP loans provided for up to 100 forgiveness of the debt if the proceeds were used for specifically authorized
expenditures. Both of the PPP loans were forgiven at 100 of principal plus accrued interest. 

Net Loss 

We recorded net losses of
approximately 3,410,000 and 3,992,000 in the Fiscal years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, respectively, or an increase
of income of approximately 582,000 due to several factors as note above: (i) Fiscal 2023 included the lower interest expense of approximately
 545,000; (ii) approximately 110,000 greater non-operating gains related to changes in the fair value of derivatives liabilities and
extinguishment of warrants; (iii) decreased operating expenses in selling, marketing and general and administrative of approximately 159,000;
and (iv)increased engineering and R D expenses of approximately 239,000 partially offsetting the other income improvements, 

30 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

For the year ended February
28, 2023, we recorded a net loss of approximately 3.4 million and used cash in operations of approximately 3.1 million and at February
28, 2023, had a stockholders deficit of approximately 20.3 million. These conditions raise substantial doubt regarding our ability
to continue as a going concern for a period of at least one year from the date of issuance of these financial statements. In addition,
the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, in their report on the Company s February 28, 2023, audited financial
statements, raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The net loss in Fiscal 2023
was approximately 582,000 less as compared to Fiscal 2022 due to several offsetting items, but most notably reduced interest expense
of approximately 545,000. Fiscal 2022 also included additional expenditures to ramp up the Company s engineering, R D, selling
and administrative activities. A significant factor in both periods contributing to the negative operating cash flows is the low level
of operating activities caused principally by the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may be required
to raise additional capital and our access to and cost of financing will depend on, among other things, global economic conditions, conditions
in the global financing markets, the availability of sufficient amounts of financing, and our future prospects. 

At February 28, 2023, we had
cash of approximately 15,000, compared to cash of approximately 150,000 at February 28, 2022. Subsequent to February 28, 2023, the Company
issued 2,334,847 shares of common stock in exchange for cash proceeds of 770,120. Working capital deficit at February 28, 2023 was a
 13.7 million deficit as compared to an 21.7 million deficit at the end of the prior fiscal year. The principal reasons for the decrease
in the deficit is the March 2022 settlement agreement the Company reached with a related party note holder (Kopple) to resolve all outstanding
litigation between them related to notes payable and accrued interest of 12.1 million. The February 28, 2023 financial statements reflect
the reclassification to non-current of 7.1 million of the debt to Robert Kopple and his affiliated entities (collectively the Kopple
Parties as a result of the settlement. At February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, we had no significant accounts receivable. 

Prior to Fiscal 2020, in order
to maintain liquidity, we relied upon external sources of financing, principally equity financing and private indebtedness. We have no
bank line of credit and will require additional debt or equity financing to fund ongoing operations. Based on a cash flow analysis performed
by management, we estimate that we will need an additional 6 million to maintain existing operations for Fiscal 2024 and increase the
volume of shipments to customers. We cannot assure the reader that additional financing will be available nor that the commercial targets
will be met in the amounts required to keep the business operating. The issuance of additional shares of equity in connection with such
financing could dilute the interests of our existing stockholders, and such dilution could be substantial. If we cannot raise the needed
funds, we will also be forced to make further substantial reductions in our operating expenses, which could adversely affect our ability
to implement our current business plan and ultimately our viability as a company. 

Between July 2017 and March
2022, the Company was engaged in litigation with a former director, Robert Kopple, relating to more than 13 million and the current equivalent
of the approximately 23 million warrants, exercisable for seven years at a price of 0.10 per share, which Mr. Kopple and his affiliated
entities (collectively the Kopple Parties claimed should have been originally issued to them pursuant to various agreements
with the Company entered to between 2013-2016. In March 2022, the Company reached a settlement with the Kopple Parties that resolved all
claims asserted against the Company without any admission, concession or finding of any fault, liability or wrongdoing on the part of
the Company. Under the terms of the settlement, the Company agreed to pay an aggregate amount of 10 million over a period of seven years,
including 3 million initial payment to be paid in June 2022. 150 was paid in June 2022, and the balance of the initial payment of 2.85
million was extended to May 29, 2023. In exchange for the extension, the Company was required to pay 165,000 in extension and forbearance
fees in cash and 430,000 in accrued forbearance fees. Beginning in January 2023, interest accrues on the unpaid balance at a rate of
6 , compounded annually. All amounts, including all accrued interest and deferred fees, are to be paid no later than eight years from
the date of the initial payment. The Kopple Parties have also received seven-year warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of approximately
3.3 million shares of our common stock at a price of 0.85 per share. The settlement also provides for standard mutual general release
provisions and includes customary representations, warranties, and covenants, including certain increases in the amount payable to the
Kopple Parties and the right of such parties to enter judgment against the Company if the Company remains in uncured default in its payment
obligations under the settlement. 

31 

We consider the transactions described above with
Mr. Kopple to be related party transactions. 

See Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
and Part IV, Item 15, Note 9 and Note 17 to the Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for information regarding the dispute and settlement with Mr. Kopple regarding these transactions. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information required by this Item 7A. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See Index to Financial Statements at page F-1. 

32 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

For the year ended February
28, 2023, there were no disagreements or any reportable events to disclose. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We conducted an evaluation
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures ,
as defined in Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), means
controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in the
reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures also include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based on this evaluation,
our President and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of February 28, 2023, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

The Company s management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures
that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisitions, use or disposition of the Company s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management has assessed the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of February 28, 2023. In making these assessments, management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework. Based on these assessments, and on those criteria, the Company s management concluded that as of February 28, 2023, the
Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles . 

Remediation of Prior Material Weaknesses 

We previously identified and
disclosed in our Form 10-K filed for the year ended February 28, 2022, as well as, in our subsequent quarterly reports, a deficiency in
internal control over financial reporting that existed relating to (1) ineffective controls over transactions for debt issuances to provide
for review of all terms in a timely and accurate manner, to ensure reporting is in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles
and properly reflected in the financial results; and (2) ineffective controls over transactions for issuances of common stock, options,
and warrants to provide for review of all terms in a timely and accurate manner, to ensure reporting is in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles and properly reflected in the financial results. We increased our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise
within the accounting function with the hiring of a new Chief Financial Officer in 2022. We intend to hire one or more additional personnel
for the finance and accounting function which will provide additional manpower to perform timely and complete reviews of debt and equity
transactions consistent with control objectives to further improve our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise. We have
prepared written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting, establishing a formal process to account for all transactions,
including equity and debt transactions. We plan to continue adding additional policies to further enhance reporting controls and procedures.
We have upgraded our existing financial system to a more robust enterprise resource planning and financial reporting system. We plan to
incorporate the processes specific to the new system into the aforementioned written procedures during the coming fiscal year. As a result
of these actions, as described below, the management team has concluded that the material weaknesses identified for the year ended February
28, 2022, have been remediated as of February 28, 2023. 

33 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in the
Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s fiscal year ended February 28, 2023,
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting,
other than the improvements noted above. 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

The Company does not expect
that its disclosure controls and procedures or its internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A
control procedure, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable not absolute assurance that the objectives of
the control procedure are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control procedures, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include
the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally,
controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of
the control. The design of any control procedure also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events,
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time,
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control procedure, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding
Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None 

34 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

In March 2019, stockholders
of the Company controlling a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock delivered signed written consents
to the Company removing Ronald Buschur, William Anderson, and Si Ryong Yu as members of the Company s Board and electing Ms. Cipora
Lavut, Mr. David Mann, and Dr. Robert Lempert as directors of the Company in their stead. As a result of Aura s refused to
recognize the legal effectiveness of the consents, in April 2019, stockholders filed suit in the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware pursuant to Section 225 of the Delaware General Corporations Law, seeking an order confirming the validity of the consents.
On July 8, 2019 the Court of Chancery entered final judgment in favor of the stockholder plaintiffs, confirming that (a) Ronald Buschur,
Si Ryong Yu and William Anderson had been validly removed by the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding stock acting
by written consent (b) Ms. Lavut, Mr. Mann and Dr. Lempert had been validly elected by the holders of a majority of the Company s
outstanding stock acting by written consent, and (c) the Company s Board of Directors validly consists of Cipora Lavut, David Mann,
Robert Lempert, Gary Douglas and Salvador Diaz-Vers n, Jr. As a result of prior management s unsuccessful opposition to this
stockholder action filed in the Court of Chancery, such stockholders may be potentially entitled to recoup their litigation costs from
the Company under Delaware s corporate benefit doctrine and/or other legal provisions. To date, no final determination has been
made as to the amount of recoupment, if any, to which such stockholders may be entitled. 

In July 2019 the employment
of Melvin Gagerman was terminated. (See Item 3, Legal Proceedings for more information.) Also in July 2019, the Board of Directors appointed
Ms. Lavut to succeed Mr. Gagerman as President of Aura, appointed Mr. Mann to succeed Mr. Gagerman as Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
and appointed Dr. Lempert Secretary of Aura. In February 2022, the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Steven Willett to succeed Mr. Mann
as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Mann remains on the Board of Directors. 

The following table sets forth
the names, ages, and offices of all our current directors and executive officers. Our officers are appointed by, and serve at the pleasure
of, the Board of Directors. The stockholders at the annual meeting elect our directors to serve until the next meeting. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Gary Douglas (1) 
 
 75 
 
 Director, Member of the Audit Committee 
 
 Salvador Diaz-Verson, Jr. (1) 
 
 64 
 
 Director, Chairman of the Audit Committee 
 
 David Mann (2), (3) 
 
 51 
 
 Director, Chairman of the Compensation Committee, Member of the Nominating Committee and Member of the Audit Committee, former Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Cipora Lavut (2) 
 
 67 
 
 President, Chairman of the Board, Member of Nominating Committee and Member of the Compensation Committee 
 
 Robert Lempert (2) 
 
 79 
 
 Secretary, Director, Chairman of the Nominating Committee and Member of the Compensation Committee 
 
 Steven Willett (4) 
 
 65 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(1) 
 Mr. Douglas and Mr. Diaz-Verson, Jr. were appointed to the Board of Directors on March 29, 2018 by the written consent of stockholders holding a majority of the Company s shares. 

(2) 
 In March 2019, stockholders of the Company controlling a combined total of more than 27.5 million shares delivered signed written consents to the Company electing Ms. Lavut, Mr. Mann and Dr. Lempert to the Company s Board of Directors. Because of Aura s refusal to recognize the legal effectiveness of the consents, in April 2019 the stockholders filed suit in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware seeking an order confirming the validity of the elections. On July 8, 2019 the Court of Chancery entered final judgment in favor of the stockholder plaintiffs, confirming that Ms. Lavut, Mr. Mann and Dr. Lempert had been validly elected by the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding stock acting by written consent. In July 2019, the Board of Directors appointed Ms. Lavut President and Chairman of the Board, appointed Mr. Mann as Chief Financial Officer and appointed Dr. Lempert as Secretary. 

(3) 
 On February 14, 2022, Mr. Mann resigned as Chief Financial Officer. 

(4) 
 On February 14, 2022, Mr. Willett was appointed as Chief Financial Officer. 

35 

Biographical information with respect to our current directors and
executive officer is provided below. 

Salvador Diaz-Vers n,
Jr . Mr. Diaz-Vers n, Jr. was elected as a director on March 29, 2018. Previously, he served as a director of the Company
from 1997-2005 and again from June 2007 until January 2018. Mr. Diaz-Vers n, Jr. is the founder, Chairman and President of
Diaz-Verson Capital Investments, Inc., and was a registered investment advisor with the Securities and Exchange Commission until
2009. Mr. Diaz-Vers n, Jr. served as President and member of the board of directors of American Family Corporation (AFLAC, INC.)
from 1976 until 1992. Mr. Diaz-Vers n, Jr. served as President and Chief Investment Officer of American Family Life Assurance Company,
a subsidiary of AFLAC, Inc. He is currently Chairman of Miramar Securities. Mr. Diaz-Vers n, Jr. has received two presidential
appointments to the Christopher Columbus Fellowship Foundation; first by President George H.W. Bush in 1992 and subsequently by President
Clinton in 2000. Mr. Diaz-Vers n, Jr. is a trustee of the Florida State University Foundation and is a national trustee of
the Boys and Girls Club of America. He also serves as a trustee of Clark Atlanta University. Mr. Diaz-Vers n, Jr. is a graduate
of Florida State University and was selected as a director in view of his lengthy experience in managing companies and his knowledge
of capital investments. 

Gary Douglas .
Mr. Douglas was elected as a director on March 29, 2018. Mr. Gary Douglas has a BBA in Management degree, with extensive experience in
cooperate communication and investment banking. He is a principal in Douglas Strategic Communications LLC, a marketing strategy and communications
consultancy, and Ex officio Chairman of Picture Marketing, Inc., a digital marketing company. Mr. Douglas also formally served as Chief
Marketing Officer of O Melveny Consulting LLP, a unit of a global law firm. He also served as President of SP/Hambros America and
Division President of Geneva Learning Systems and Group Vice President of Business Development for the five Geneva Companies, both SP/Hambros
and The Geneva companies were middle market investment bankers. Mr. Douglas brings to the Board extensive experience in cooperate communication
and investment banking. 

Cipora Lavut .
Ms. Lavut was one of Aura s original founding members. From 1987 to 2002 Ms. Lavut served on Aura s Board and as
a Senior Vice President. During this period, Ms. Lavut was instrumental to Aura receiving large contracts from The Boeing Company,
Litton Industries and the United States Air Force. Ms. Lavut also provided critical investor relations and marketing support during
this time. Ms. Lavut left Aura in 2002. Ms. Lavut presently provides marketing and business consulting to a variety of retail
and service-oriented businesses. She holds a B.A. Business degree from California State University, Northridge. 

Robert Lempert .
Dr. Lempert graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and conducted his residency at the Albert Einstein Medical Center in Philadelphia.
Dr. Lempert also served as a Captain in the U.S. Army and previously served on the Company s Board from November 28, 2017
(when he was appointed by the then-Board to fill one of the two existing vacancies) until January 11, 2018. Dr. Lempert has
been a significant investor, shareholder and an active advocate of Aura s technology for more than 20 years. 

David Mann .
Mr. Mann has been Vice President of Marketing for Mann Marketing, a manufacturing and import company, since 1990 and the Vice President
of Sales of that company since 2007. From 2000 until 2007, Mr. Mann also served as Vice President of Operations. Mr. Mann has
extensive experience dealing with all aspects of marketing and sales, as well as suppliers in both North America and China. Mr. Mann
has been an investor in the Aura since 2007 and previously served as a director of the Company from November 28, 2017 (when he was
appointed by the then-Board to fill one of the two existing vacancies) until January 11, 2018. Mr. Mann holds a degree in Business
Administration from College St. Laurent, Montreal, Canada. 

Steven Willett .
Mr. Willett was previously employed by Govino, LLC, where he has served as CFO and Vice President of Finance since 2017. From 2014 to
2017, Mr. Willett served as Director of Finance for the Americas of Identiv, Inc., and prior to that, as Director of Finance of aerospace
 defense contractor Trex Enterprises Corporation. Mr. Willett holds a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from the University
of Massachusetts and an M.B.A. with a concentration in finance from Bentley University McCallum Graduate School of Business. 

36 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Our shares of common stock
are registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and therefore our executive officers and directors and persons who beneficially
own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports
of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of our common shares and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4
and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10 stockholders are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission
regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based on our review of the copies of such forms received
by us, and to the best of our knowledge, no executive officers, directors and persons holding greater than 10 of our issued and outstanding
stock have filed the required reports during the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and all other members of the Company s
Finance Department. This Code of Ethics is posted on the Company s website within a broader Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
at www.aurasystems.com in the Investor Relations section. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 10 of Form 8-K regarding
an amendment to, or a waiver from, the provision of our Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial
officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and that relates to any element of such provision
of our Code of Ethics by posting such information on our website within four business days of the date of such amendment or waiver. In
the case of a waiver, the nature of the waiver, the name of the person to whom the waiver was granted and the date of the waiver will
also be disclosed. 

Family Relationships 

None of our directors or executive officers is
related to one another. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

The Board maintains the following committees to assist it in discharging
its oversight responsibilities. 

Audit Committee . The
Audit Committee does not have a formal charter but is responsible primarily for overseeing the services performed by our independent registered
public accounting firm, evaluating our accounting policies and system of internal controls, and reviewing our annual and quarterly reports
before filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The current members of the Audit Committee are Mr. Salvador Diaz Vers n
Jr., Mr. David Mann and Mr. Gary Douglas. The Board of Directors has determined that the Audit Committee does not have a member who is
an audit committee financial expert as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission. While the Board recognizes that the Board members serving on the Audit Committee do not meet the qualifications required of
an audit committee financial expert, the Board believes that the appointment of a new director to the Board of Directors
and to the Audit Committee at this time is not necessary as the level of financial knowledge and experience of the current member of the
Audit Committee, including such member s ability to read and understand fundamental financial statements, is sufficient to adequately
discharge the Audit Committee s responsibilities 

Compensation Committee .
The Compensation Committee does not have a formal charter but reviews and recommends to the full Board the amounts and types of compensation
to be paid to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; reviews and approves the amounts and types of compensation to be paid to our other
executive officers and the non-employee directors; reviews and approves, on behalf of the Board, salary, bonus and equity guidelines for
our other employees; and administers our equity plans. The Compensation Committee is currently comprised of Mr. David Mann, Ms. Cipora
Lavut and Dr. Robert Lempert. 

Nominating Committee .
The Nominating Committee does not have a formal charter but assists the Board in identifying qualified individuals to become directors,
determines the composition of the Board and its committees, monitors the process to assess the Board s effectiveness and helps develop
and implement our corporate governance guidelines. The Nominating Committee also considers nominees proposed by stockholders. The Nominating
Committee currently consists of Mr. David Mann, Ms. Cipora Lavut and Dr. Robert Lempert. 

Director Compensation 

Although we do not currently
compensate our directors in cash for their service as members of our Board of Directors, the Board may, in its discretion, elect to compensate
directors for attending Board and Committee meetings and to reimburse directors for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
attending such meetings. Additionally, our directors are eligible to receive stock options under the 2011 Directors and Executive Officer
Stock Option Plan. 

During Fiscal 2023, no stock
compensation was awarded to any of the Company s directors. 

During Fiscal 2022, no stock
compensation was awarded to any of the Company s directors. 

37 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth
the compensation earned by or paid to the principal executive officer and the named executive officers during the Fiscal years ended February
28, 2023 and February 28, 2022. 

2022 Summary Compensation Table 

Fiscal 
 Salary 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Compensation 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Cipora Lavut 
 2023 
 269,315 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 269,315 
 
 President 
 2022 
 144,750 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 100,000 (3) 
 244,750 

Steven Willett 
 2023 
 160,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 160,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 6,154 (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,154 

(1) 
 For Fiscal 2022, Ms. Lavut has been accruing an annual salary of 250,000 and has been paid 144,750 in cash over the same period, deferring the balance. 
 
 (2) 
 For Fiscal 2023, Ms. Lavut has been accruing an annual salary of 250,000 and has been paid 269,315 in cash over the same period, as she was paid out a portion of her previously deferred wages balance. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr. Willett began serving as Chief Financial Officer in February 2022. The amount in the table for Fiscal 2022 represents the pro rata compensation received for the two-week period since his appointment. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at 2023 Fiscal Year-End 

The Board of Directors and
Executive Officers have been granted various options to acquire the Company s common stock under the Company s 2011 Directors
and Executive Officers Stock Option Plan (the 2011 Plan as detailed in the table below. All of these options were outstanding
as of February 28, 2023. 

Stock Options Warrants Outstanding 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life in Years 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Options Warrants Outstanding 
 
 Cipora Lavut, President and Board Chair 
 750,000 
 2.67 
 0.42 
 
 Salvador Diaz-Verson, Jr., Director 
 1,092,857 
 1.77 
 0.61 
 
 Gary Douglas, Director 
 700,000 
 1.82 
 0.58 
 
 David Mann, Director 
 400,000 
 2.32 
 0.25 
 
 Robert Lempert, Director 
 350,000 
 2.26 
 0.25 

Option Exercises and Stock Vesting During Fiscal 2023 

No stock options were exercised during Fiscal 2023
by the individuals named in the Summary Compensation Table. 

No stock options were granted nor was there any
vesting of previously granted stock options during Fiscal 2023 related to the individuals named in the Summary Compensation Table. 

Option Exercises and Stock Vesting During Fiscal 2022 

No stock options were exercised
during Fiscal 2022 by the individuals named in the Summary Compensation Table. Also, during Fiscal 2022, stock options granted in Fiscal
2021 became fully vested. On December 10, 2020, the Board of Directors approved the grant of an aggregate total of 1,000,000 options to
acquire the Company s common stock to four of the five current Board members in varying amounts for services provided outside of
standard Board responsibilities under the Company s 2011 Plan. The options were granted with pro rata monthly vesting over a one-year
vesting period, with a five-year expiration term, and with an exercise price of 0.25 per option share. The Company recognized approximately
 128,000 of share-based compensation expense for the vesting of the Directors common stock options in Fiscal 2022. 

38 

Employment Contracts, Termination of Employment Contracts and Change
in Control Arrangements 

We do not currently have any
employment agreements with any of our Named Executive Officers. 

Potential Payments to the Named Executive Officers Upon Termination
or Change in Control 

None of the named executive
officers is entitled to any payments or benefits upon termination, whether by change in control or otherwise, other than benefits available
generally to all employees. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT 

The following table sets forth,
to the extent of our knowledge, certain information regarding our common stock owned as of June 30, 2020 (i) by each person who is known
to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, (ii) by each of our Directors and the named executive officers
in the Summary Compensation Table, and (iii) by all Directors and current executive officers as a group: 

Beneficial Ownership Table 

Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number 
 of 
 Shares of 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Percent
 of 
 Common 
 Stock 
 
 Salvador Diaz-Verson, Jr. (2) 
 1,162,607 
 1.2 
 
 Gary Douglas (3) 
 700,000 

Cipora Lavut (4) 
 2,639,660 
 2.8 
 
 Robert Lempert (5) 
 497,343 

David Mann (6) 
 1,811,931 
 1.9 
 
 Steven Willett (7) 
 150 

All current executive officers and Directors as a group
 (six) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) 
 6,811,691 
 7.0 

5 Stockholders 

Warren Breslow (8) 
 9,655,759 
 9.9 
 
 Elimelech Lowy (9) 
 5,018,252 
 5.3 
 
 BetterSea LLC (10) 
 9,179,912 
 9.7 
 
 Robert Kopple (11) 
 6,005,469 
 6.1 

Less than 1 of outstanding
shares 

(1) 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership is based upon 94,648,346 shares of common stock outstanding on February 28, 2023. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by any stockholder and the percentage ownership of such stockholder, shares of common stock which may be acquired by a such stockholder upon exercise or conversion of warrants or options which are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2023, are deemed to be exercised and outstanding. Such shares, however, are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the beneficial ownership percentage of any other person. Shares issuable upon exercise of warrants and options which are subject to stockholder approval are not deemed outstanding for purposes of determining beneficial ownership. Except as indicated by footnote, to our knowledge, the persons named in the table above have the sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. The mailing address for each of the officers and directors is c/o Aura Systems, Inc., 20431 North Sea, Lake Forest, CA 92630. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes 1,092,857 warrants exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2023. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes 700,000 warrants exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2023 
 
 (4) 
 Includes 750,000 warrants exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2023. 
 
 (5) 
 Includes warrants to purchase 350,000 shares exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2023. 
 
 (6) 
 Includes warrants to purchase 400,000 shares exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2023, as well as 1,411,931 shares, 979,204 of which Mr. Mann has sole dispositive power and approximately 432,727 of which, Mr. Mann holds a power of attorney to vote such shares. 
 
 (7) 
 Includes common shares only as of February 28, 2022. 
 
 (8) 
 Includes the right to convert 3,000,000 and accrued interest of 712,911 convertible note payable to 2,652,079 common shares at a conversion price of 1.40. 
 
 (9) 
 Includes 5,018,252 common shares, which Mr. Lowy has sole dispositive power. 
 
 (10) 
 Includes common shares only as of February 28, 2022. 
 
 (11) 
 Includes warrants to purchase 3,331,664 shares exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2023. 

39 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
as of February 28, 2023 

Equity Compensation Plan Information as of February 28, 2023 

a. 
 b. 
 c. 
 
 Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted Average Exercise 
 Price for Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of 
Securities For Future 
 Issuances Under Equity Compensation 
 Plans (Excluding Securities 
 Reflected in 
 Column (a.) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by equity holders 
 3,292,857 
 0.48 
 10,904,394 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by equity holders 
 1,500,000 
 0.50 
 - 

(1) 
 Reflects options under the 2006 Stock Option Plan and the 2011 Stock Option Plan, of which both were approved by Company shareholders. Additionally, it includes options which were authorized by the Board but cannot be issued until the proposal for renewal of the employee stock option plan is approved by the shareholders. The 2006 Stock Option Plan authorizes the Company to grant stock options exercisable for up to an aggregate number of shares of common stock equal to the greater of (i) 10,000,000 shares of common stock, or (ii) 10 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding from time to time. The 2011 Stock Option Plan authorizes the Company to grant stock options or warrants to executive officers and directors exercisable for up to an aggregate number of shares equivalent to 15 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding from time to time. The numbers in this table are as of February 28, 2023 (See Note 13 to the Financial Statements). 

For additional information regarding options and
warrants, see Note 13 to our financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Review and Approval of Related Party Transactions 

Our Audit Committee is responsible
for the review and approval of all related party transactions required to be disclosed to the public under SEC rules. This procedure has
been established by our Board of Directors in order to serve the interests of our shareholders. Related party transactions are reviewed
and approved by the Audit Committee on a case-by-case basis. Under existing, unwritten policy no related party transaction can be approved
by the Audit Committee unless it is first determined that the terms of such transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than could
be obtained from an unaffiliated third party on an arms-length basis and is otherwise in our best interest. 

Director Independence 

Using the definition of independence 
included in the listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market, our Board has determined that Salvador Diaz-Vers n, Jr. and Gary Douglas
are both independent directors. 

40 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND DISCLOSURES 

Weinberg Company, P.A. Weinberg was engaged to be the Company s principal accountant and auditor in April 2022. Prior to the engagement
of Weinberg, BF Borgers, CPA, PC BFB CPA served as the Company s principal accountant and auditor. The following
table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to us by Weinberg for the year ended February 28, 2023, and by BFB CPA for the year ended February
28, 2022: 

Year Ended 
 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 134 
 55 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 134 
 55 

As defined by the SEC, (i)
 audit fees are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial
statements and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-K, or for services that are normally provided by the accountant
in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those Fiscal years; (ii) audit-related fees are fees
for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of
our financial statements and are not reported under audit fees; (iii) tax fees are fees for professional services
rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning; and (iv) all other fees are fees
for products and services provided by our principal accountant, other than the services reported under audit fees, audit-related
fees, and tax fees. 

Audit Fees 

Services provided to us by
Weinberg with respect the audit of our annual financial statements and review of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended February
28, 2022, and for reviews of the financial statements which are included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the first three quarters
of the year ended February 28, 2023. 

Services provided to us by
BFB CPA with respect the audit of our annual financial statements and review of our annual reports on Form 10-K for February 28, 2021,
and for reviews of the financial statements which are included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the first three quarters of the
years ended February 28, 2022. 

Audit Related Fees 

Weinberg did not provide any
professional services to us during Fiscal 2023 which would constitute audit related fees . 

BFB CPA did not provide any
professional services to us during Fiscal 2022 which would constitute audit related fees . 

Tax Fees 

Weinberg did not provide any
professional services to us during Fiscal 2023 which would constitute tax fees . 

BFB CPA did not provide any
professional services to us during Fiscal 2022 which would constitute tax fees . 

All Other Fees 

Weinberg did not provide any
professional services to us during Fiscal 2023 which would constitute other fees . 

BFB CPA did not provide any
professional services to us during Fiscal 2022 which would constitute other fees . 

Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit
and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

Under the SEC s rules,
the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve the audit and permissible non-audit services performed by the independent registered public
accounting firm in order to ensure that they do not impair the auditors independence. The SEC s rules specify the types of
non-audit services that an independent auditor may not provide to its audit client and establish the Audit Committee s responsibility
for administration of the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm. 

Consistent with the SEC s
rules, the Audit Committee pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent auditors. These services
may include audit services, audit-related services, tax and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year, and
any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The independent
auditors and management are required to periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent
auditors in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. The Audit Committee may also pre-approve
particular services on a case-by-case basis. During Fiscal 2023 all services provided by Weinberg were pre-approved by the Audit Committee
in accordance with this policy. During Fiscal 2022 all services provided by BFB CPA were pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance
with this policy. 

There were no hours expended
on the principal accountant s engagement to audit the registrant s financial statements for the most recent Fiscal year that
were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s full-time, permanent employees. 

41 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Documents filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

1. 
 Financial Statements 

See Index to Financial Statements at page F-1 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

See Index to Financial Statements at page F-1 

3. 
 Exhibits 

See Exhibit Index 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

42 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Description of Documents 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Aura Systems, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Aura Systems, Inc. s Form 10-K filed on June 15, 2009) 
 
 3.1(a) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated February 14, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Aura Systems, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 21, 2018) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Aura Systems, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Aura Systems, Inc. s Report on Form 10-K filed on June 15, 2009) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Aura Systems, Inc. 2006 Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Aura System, Inc. s Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2008) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Aura Systems, Inc. Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Aura System, Inc. s Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2008) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Second Amendment to Transaction Documents dated March 14, 2017 among Registrant and those persons who have signed the signature page thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Aura Systems, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 25, 2017) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Third Amendment to Transaction Documents dated April 8, 2017 among Registrant and those persons who have signed the signature page thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Aura Systems, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 25, 2017) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Second Amendment to Debt Refinancing Agreement dated April 9, 2017 by and between Aura Systems, Inc., on the one hand, and Warren Breslow and the Survivor s Trust Under the Warren L. Breslow Trust, on the other hand (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Aura Systems, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 25, 2017) 
 
 10.6 
 
 First Amendment to Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note dated June 15, 2017 by and between the Survivor s Trust Under the Warren L. Breslow Trust and the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Aura Systems, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 25, 2017) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Agreement entered into on June 19, 2017 between Aura Systems Inc. and BetterSea LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Aura Systems, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on May 9, 2018) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Sino-Foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Contract dated January 27, 2017 between Aura Systems, Inc. and Jiangsu AoLunTe Electrical Machinery Industrial Col, Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Aura Systems, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2017) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Aura Systems, Inc. Directors and Executive Officers Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to Aura Systems, Inc. s Form S-1 filed on November 30, 2011) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Aura Systems, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 13, 2018) 
 
 31.1 
 
 CEO Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 CFO Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

In accordance with SEC Release 33-8238,
Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and not filed. 

Furnished herewith. XBRL (Extensible
Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of
Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

43 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

AURA SYSTEMS, INC. 

Dated: 
 May 26, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Cipora Lavut 

Cipora Lavut 

President 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the date indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Cipora
 Lavut 
 
 President (Principal Executive Officer), Board Chair 
 
 May 26, 2023 
 
 Cipora Lavut 

/s/ Steven
 Willett 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 May 26, 2023 
 
 Steven Willett 

/s/ David
 Mann 
 
 Director 
 
 May 26, 2023 
 
 David Mann 

/s/ Robert
 Lempert 
 
 Director 
 
 May 26, 2023 
 
 Robert Lempert 

/s/ Gary Douglas 
 
 Director 
 
 May 26, 2023 
 
 Gary Douglas 

/s/ Salvador Diaz-Verson, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 May 26, 2023 
 
 Salvador Diaz-Verson, Jr. 

44 

Index to Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID: F-2 Financial Statements of Aura Systems, Inc.: Balance Sheets as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 F-4 Statements of Operations - Years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 F-5 Statements of Stockholders Deficit - Years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 F-6 Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 to F-24 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
of Aura Systems, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Aura Systems, Inc. (the Company as of February 28, 2023 and 2022, the related statements of operations, stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February
28, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, during the year
ended February 28, 2023, the Company incurred a net loss and used cash in operations, and at February 28, 2023, had a stockholders 
deficit. In addition, at February 28, 2023, notes payable and related accrued interest with an aggregate balance of 6.2 million have
reached maturity and are past due. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 2 

Troubled debt restructuring 

As described in Note 9 to the financial statements,
in March 2022, the Company signed an agreement with a noteholder to settle past due notes payable and accrued interest aggregating 12.1
million by the issuance of a new restructured note payable for 10 million. As part of the agreement, the Company also issued warrants
with a fair value of 1.1 million to the noteholder. Management assessed the settlement agreement and determined that the accounting
guidance under troubled debt restructuring should apply as the Company was experiencing financial difficulties and the noteholder granted
a concession. 

We identified the accounting for the troubled
debt restructuring as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgements made by management in the application of troubled
debt restructuring accounting and the valuation of the notes payable, accrued interest, and warrants. This required a high degree of
auditor judgement to assess the reasonableness of management s c onclusions. 

The
primary procedures we performed related to the troubled debt restructuring included: 

We obtained supporting
 agreements, and inquired of management to gain an understanding of the relevant facts and circumstances related to the
 troubled debt restructuring. 

We agreed amounts of the past due notes and accrued interest to supporting schedules. 

We recalculated the fair
 value of the warrants issued. 

We evaluated management s
 accounting conclusions regarding the troubled debt restructuring. 

We assessed the sufficiency
 of management s disclosures related to the troubled debt restructuring. 

We
have served as th e Company s auditor since 2022. 

/s/ 

May 26, 2023 

F- 3 

AURA SYSTEMS, INC. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Inventories 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Security deposit 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable (including and due to related party, respectively) 

Accrued expenses (including and due to related party, respectively) 

Customer advances 

Notes payable, current portion 

Convertible notes payable, current portion-past due 

Convertible note payable-related party-past due 

Notes payable-related parties, current portion (includes past due) 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Derivative warrant liability 

Total current liabilities 

Notes payable, net of current portion 

Note payable-related party, net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 -
 
 -

Shareholders deficit 

Common stock: par value; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding at February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total liabilities and shareholders deficit 

See accompanying notes to these financial statements. 

F- 4 

AURA
SYSTEMS, INC. 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Fiscal Years Ended 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 
 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Net revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross loss 

Operating expenses: 

Engineering, research and development (including and to related party, respectively) 

Selling, general and administration 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense, net (including and to related parties, respectively) 

Gain on extinguishment of derivative warrant liability 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liability 

Gain on extinguishment of PPP loans 
 -

Gain on debt settlement 
 -

Other income 
 
 -

Net loss 

Basic and diluted loss per share

Basic and diluted weighted-average shares outstanding

See
accompanying notes to these financial statements. 

F- 5 

AURA
SYSTEMS INC. 

STATEMENTS
OF SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(in
thousands, except share data) 

Common Stock Shares 
 Common Stock Amount 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Shareholders Deficit 
 
 Balance, February 28, 2021 (As Restated) 

Common shares issued for cash 

-

Common shares issued for settlement of debt-related parties 
 
 -

-

Common shares issued for services 
 
 -

-

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, February 28, 2022 

Common shares issued for cash 

-

Fair value of warrants issued for note settlement 
 - 
 -

-

Fair value of warrants issued for services 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 

Balance, February 28, 2023 

See
accompanying notes to these financial statements. 

F- 6 

AURA
SYSTEMS, INC. 

STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

Fiscal Years Ended 

February 28, 
2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 
 (amounts in thousands) 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation 

Inventory write-down 

Gain on extinguishment of PPP loans 
 -

Gain on extinguishment of derivative warrant liability, net 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liability 

Gain on debt settlement 
 -

Common stock issued for services 
 -

Common stock warrants issued for services 
 
 -

Share-based compensation 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventory 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued interest on notes payable 

Customer advances 
 
 -

Operating lease liability 

Cash used in operating activities 

Cash used in investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Principal payments of notes payable 

Proceeds from government assistance loans PPP loan 
 -

Cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents-beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents-end of year 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Supplemental schedule of non-cash transactions: 

Fair value of warrants issued for note settlement 
 
 -

Accounts payable converted into shares of common stock 
 -

Accrued expenses converted into shares of common stock 
 -

Acquisition of property and equipment with notes payable 
 -

See
accompanying notes to these financial statements. 

F- 7 

AURA
SYSTEMS, INC. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Years
ended February 28, 2023 and 2022 

(In
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

million and had negative cash flows from operating activities of approximately
 million and at February 28, 2023, had a stockholders deficit of approximately million and a working capital deficit of approximately
 million. In addition, as of February 28, 2023, notes payable with an aggregate balance of million and accrued interest of
 million are past due. These factors raise substantial doubts about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within
 of the date that these financial statements are issued. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

shares of common stock in exchange for cash proceeds of . The Company s
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to continue to implement its business plan. During the next twelve
months we intend to continue to attempt to increase the Company s sale of our AuraGen /VIPER products both
domestically and internationally and to add to our existing management team. In addition, we plan to continue to rebuild the engineering
and sales teams, and to the extent appropriate, utilize third party contractors to support the operation. We anticipate being able to
obtain new sources of funding to support these actions in the upcoming fiscal year. No assurance can be given that any future financing,
if needed, will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. Even if the Company is
able to obtain additional financing, if needed, it may contain undue restrictions on its operations, in the case of debt financing, or
cause substantial dilution for its stockholders, in the case of equity financing. In the event the Company is unable to generate profits
and is unable to obtain financing for its working capital requirements, it may have to curtail its business further or cease business
altogether. 

F- 8 

of our revenues of approximately and for the fiscal years ended February 28, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Our principal
sales channel is sales to a domestic distributor. 

price discount off the selling price
in accordance with this policy. Our commercial terms and conditions do not include a right of return for reasons other than a defect
in performance or quality. We offer a 24-month assurance-type warranty covering material and manufacturing defects, which we account
for under the guidance of ASC 460, Guarantees. We have a limited history of shipments, and, as such, we have not recorded a warranty
liability on our balance sheets at February 28, 2023 and 2022, respectively; however, we expect warranty claims to be immaterial. 

and , respectively. 

F- 9 

up to once the individual assets are placed in service. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of
the useful life or the remaining period of the applicable lease term. 

. We have not experienced any losses in such accounts
and believe we are not exposed to any significant risk on cash and cash equivalents. 

and one customer accounted for of revenues. During the year ended February 28, 2022, one
customer accounted for , two customers each accounted for and one customer accounted for of revenues. 

, , and of accounts payable. As of February 28, 2022, three vendors accounted
for , and of accounts payable. 

and
 , respectively. 

F- 10 

Total 
 -
 
 -

Total 
 -
 
 -

F- 11 

Denominator 

Denominator for basic weighted average share 

Earnings (loss) per share 

Basic loss per share: 

Diluted loss per share 

Options 

Convertible notes 

Total 

segment for the manufacture and delivery of generator sets. In accordance with the Segment Reporting 
Topic of the ASC, the Company s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the President, who reviews operating results
to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire Company. Existing guidance, which is based on a
management approach to segment reporting, establishes requirements to report selected segment information quarterly and to report annually
entity-wide disclosures about products and services, major customers, and the countries in which the entity holds material assets and
reports revenue. All material operating units qualify for aggregation under Segment Reporting due to their similar customer
base and similarities in economic characteristics; nature of products and services; and procurement, manufacturing and distribution processes.
Since the Company operates in segment, all financial information required by Segment Reporting can be found in the
accompanying financial statements. 

F- 12 

Work-in-process 

Finished goods 
 
 -

Total inventory 

F- 13 

Prepaid commissions 
 -

Vendor advances 

Prepaid insurance 
 
 -

Other prepaid expenses 

Total prepaid and other current assets 

Machinery and equipment 

Vehicle 

Computer equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

and , respectively: 

Non-current 
 -
 
 -

Current 

. As of February 28, 2022 and 2021,
the outstanding balance of the convertible notes payable amounted to . The notes are unsecured, bear interest at per annum and
are convertible to shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share, as adjusted. As of February 28, 2023,
the convertible notes of and accrued interest of have reached maturity and are past due. 

and , respectively, and is included
in accrued expenses (See Note 10). 

F- 14 

Non-current 
 -
 
 -

Current 

convertible note. The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at per annum,
is due February 2, 2023, and is convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share, as adjusted. As of
February 28, 2023, the convertible note of and related accrued interest of has reached maturity and is past due. 

and , respectively,
and is included in accrued expenses (See Note 10). 

(b) Notes payable-vehicles and equipment 

Unsecured notes payable 

(c) Note payable-other 

Total 

Non-current 

per annum. 

and , respectively, and is included in accrued
expenses (See Note 10). 

F- 15 

Accrued interest-Koppel (prior to restructuring) 
 -

Notes payable -Koppel (restructured) 
 
 -

Subtotal-Koppel 

(b) Note payable- Gagerman 

Accrued interest-Gagerman 

Subtotal-Gagerman 

(c) Note payable-Jiangsu Shengfeng-past due 

Total 

Non-current 
 
 -

Current 

. Robert Kopple is the former Vice-Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors and is a current shareholder
in the Company. The notes were unsecured, bear interest at rates ranging from and per annum, and were due in fiscal 2014 through
fiscal 2018. Kopple brought suit against the Company beginning in 2017 for repayment of the notes. 

. Due to its significance, the balance of accrued interest
is added to the note payable principal for presentation on the accompanying balance sheet as of February 28, 2022. As of February 28,
2022, the outstanding balance of the Kopple notes payable and accrued interest amounted to approximately . 

, including initially due in June 2022, and to be paid annually for seven years after the
initial is paid. In June 2022, of the new note was paid, and the balance of has been extended to May 29, 2023
(see Note 17). As of February 28, 2023, in exchange for the extended payment date, the Company has paid in extension fees in
cash, and recorded an additional in deferred forbearance fees all of which are included in interest expense. The deferred
forbearance fees are due with the final payment under the settlement agreement. All amounts, including all accrued interest and
accrued forbearance fees, are to be paid no later than eight years from the date of the initial payment. 

shares of the Company s common stock at a price of
 per share. The Company used Black-Scholes modeling to compute the fair value of the warrants which is estimated to be approximately
 . 

per annum, and as
a result the Company recorded approximately of interest in Fiscal 2023. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, the Company is also
subject to certain affirmative and negative covenants such as periodic submission of financial statements to Koppel and restrictions on
future financing and investing activities, as defined in the agreement, including the covenant to not create any indebtedness that is
senior in right of payment to the Kopple debt. Management believes such covenants are normal for this type of transaction and that management
believes meeting these covenants will not affect operations and the Company was in compliance with all covenants as of February 28, 2023. 

F- 16 

that bears interest at a rate of per annum. Gagerman
claims that this note has not been repaid to date and is now owed. 

and , respectively. As of February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2022, despite the
fact that the Company disputes Gagerman s claims, under the guidance of ASC 450 - Contingencies , the Company has recorded
the claimed notes payable and accrued interest amounts of approximately and , respectively, in the accompanying balance sheets. 

that had been advanced to the Company in prior years. As a result, in November 2019, and the Company issued a non-interest-bearing promissory
note for to be paid over an 11-month period beginning March 15, 2020, through February 15, 2021. As of February 28, 2023 and 2022,
the principal due was , respectively, and was past due. 

Accrued interest-convertible notes payable related party (past due) 

Accrued interest-notes payable and other 

Subtotal-accrued interest 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

Other accrued expenses 

and , respectively, which are due to officers and shareholders and are considered related party transactions. 

square feet facility in Stanton, California and an additional storage
facility in Santa Clarita, California. Effective February 28, 2021, the Company vacated these facilities and terminated the corresponding
leases and consolidated our administrative and production operations, including warehousing, are housed within an approximately square
foot facility in Lake Forest, California. The Lake Forest facility lease is for 66-months effective February 2021 through August 31,
2026. The lease liability was determined by discounting the future lease payments under the lease terms using a per annum discount
rate to arrive at the current lease liability. 

F- 17 

Other Information 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for the years ended February 28, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Weighted average remaining lease term operating leases (in years) 

Average discount rate operating leases 

Short-term operating lease liabilities 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest/present value discount 

Present value of lease liabilities 

F- 18 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected life in years 

Expected dividend yield 

Number of warrants 

Fair value of derivative warrant liability 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liability 
 -

Gain on extinguishment on expiration of warrants 

February 28, 2022 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liability 
 -

Gain on extinguishment on expiration of warrants 

February 28, 2023 

shares of par value common stock authorized for issuance. 

shares of common stock for net proceeds of approximately in cash. During the year ended
February 28, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for net proceeds of approximately in cash. Additionally,
during the year ended February 28, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in settlement of accounts payable and accrued
expenses to related parties in the aggregate amount of and issued shares of common stock in exchange for services valued
in the amount of approximately . 

F- 19 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cancelled 

-

Total options, February 28, 2022 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cancelled 

-

Total options, February 28, 2023 

Exercisable, February 28, 2023 

to 

in share-based compensation expense related to the fair value of vested stock options. The
aggregate fair value of the options was determined at the time of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

F- 20 

of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company
outstanding from time to time. Pursuant to this plan, the Board or a committee of the Board may grant an option to any person who is
elected or appointed a director or executive officer of the Company. The exercise price of each option shall be at least equal to the
fair market value of such shares on the date of grant, and the term of the options may not be greater than five years. 

Granted 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Expired 

Outstanding, February 28, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Expired 

Outstanding, February 28, 2023 

to 

shares of the Company s common stock (the Kopple Warrants with a term of years at an exercise price of per share. The closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of
issuance was per share. The fair value of the Kopple Warrants was approximately and was recorded as a reduction to the
outstanding balance of notes payable due Kopple and an increase in the additional paid-in capital of the Company. 

of the Company s common stock with a term of years at an exercise
price of per share in exchange for consulting services. The closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance
was per share. The fair value of the warrants issued for services was approximately and was recorded as a general and
administrative expense in the statement of operations and an increase in the additional paid-in capital of the Company. 

Share Price 

Volatility 

Risk-Free Rate 

Expected Term (yrs) 

Dividend Rate 

F- 21 

State tax benefit, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 
 -
 
 -

million and million, respectively. 

million and for state purposes the amounts available
were approximately million. The Federal carryforwards expire on various dates through 2043 and the state carryforwards expire on
various dates through 2043. Due to restrictions imposed by Internal Revenue Code Section 382 regarding substantial changes in ownership
of companies with loss carryforwards, the utilization of the Company s NOL may be limited as a result of changes in stock ownership. 

F- 22 

and , respectively, shareholder in the Company. For the years ended February
28, 2023 and 2022, the Company incurred total fees to Bettersea of and , respectively, for consulting services. As of February
28, 2023 and 2022, a total of approximately and , respectively, was due to Bettersea and included in accounts payable and accrued
expenses. 

shares of common stock with a fair value of dollars for the settlement of accounts payable
of dollars due to Bettersea. Also, during fiscal 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with
a fair value of dollars for the settlement of accounts payable of dollars due to the Company s
President. There were no gains or losses recognized on these transactions. 

in accrued salary and related charges by the California labor board.
In August 2021, the Company reached a settlement by which the Company agreed to pay approximately , representing the principal award
plus accrued interest. As of the time of this filing, the Company has paid approximately toward the settlement amount. The remaining
balance of approximately is to be paid no later than , and accrues interest of per annum until paid. 

million and the current equivalent of the approximately million warrants, exercisable for at a price of per share,
which Mr. Kopple and his affiliated entities (collectively the Kopple Parties claimed should have been originally issued
to them pursuant to various agreements with the Company entered to between 2013-2016. In March 2022, the Company reached a settlement
with the Kopple Parties that resolves all claims asserted against the Company without any admission, concession or finding of any fault,
liability or wrongdoing on the part of the Company. 

F- 23 

million shares delivered a signed
written consent to the Company removing Ronald Buschur as a member of the Company s Board and electing Cipora Lavut as a director
of the Company. On March 27, 2019, those same stockholders delivered a further signed written consent to the Company removing William
Anderson and Si Ryong Yu as members of the Company s Board and electing Robert Lempert and David Mann as directors of the Company.
These written consents represented a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as of March 26, 2019
and March 27, 2019, respectively. Because of Aura s refusal to recognize the legal effectiveness of the consents, on April 8,
2019 the stockholders filed suit in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware pursuant to Section 225 of the Delaware General
Corporations Law, seeking an order confirming the validity of the consents and declaring that Aura s Board consists of Ms. Lavut,
Mr. Mann, Dr. Lempert, Mr. Douglas and Mr. Diaz-Vers n, Jr. On July 8, 2019 the Court of Chancery entered
final judgment in favor of the stockholder plaintiffs, confirming that (a) Ronald Buschur, Si Ryong Yu and William Anderson had been
validly removed by the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding stock acting by written consent (b) Ms. Lavut, Mr. Mann
and Dr. Lempert had been validly elected by the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding stock acting by written consent,
and (c) the Company s Board of Directors validly consists of Cipora Lavut, David Mann, Robert Lempert, Gary Douglas and Salvador
Diaz-Vers n, Jr. As a result of prior management s unsuccessful opposition to this stockholders action filed in the
Court of Chancery, such stockholders may be potentially entitled to recoup their litigation costs from the Company under Delaware s
corporate benefit doctrine and/or other legal provisions. To date, no final determination has been made as to the amount of recoupment,
if any, to which such stockholders may be entitled. 

balance due on the initial payment to May 29, 2023. In exchange for the additional amendments, the Company
agreed to pay additional extension fees of in cash and an additional in deferred forbearance fees to be paid with the final
payment under the settlement agreement. 

shares of common stock in exchange for cash proceeds of . 

F-24 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2023ex31-1_aurasystems.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Cipora Lavut, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Aura Systems,
Inc. for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
 to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The
Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: M ay
2 6 , 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Cipora Lavut

Cipora Lavut 

President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2023ex31-2_aurasystems.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Steven Willett, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Aura Systems,
Inc. for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
 this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
 by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: M ay
2 6 , 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Steven Willett 

Steven Willett 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2023ex32-1_aurasystems.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Cipora Lavut, certify, as of the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Aura Systems, Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly
presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Aura Systems, Inc. at the dates and for the periods
indicated. 

Date:
May 26, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Cipora Lavut 

Cipora
 Lavut 

President 

I,
Steven Willett, certify, as of the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Aura Systems, Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly
presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Apple Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date:
May 26, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Steven Willett 

Steven
 Willett 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Aura Systems, Inc. and will be retained by Aura
Systems, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 ausi-20230228.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 ausi-20230228_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 ausi-20230228_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 ausi-20230228_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 ausi-20230228_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

