<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230630_10-K_edgar_data_8177_0001140361-23-032391.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18686943</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>217312</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2203297</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7832181</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3676115</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3915149</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-032391.hdr.sgml : 20230630
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230630143309
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-032391
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230630
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230630

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ATLANTIC AMERICAN CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000008177
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		IRS NUMBER:				581027114
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-03722
		FILM NUMBER:		231061128

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4370 PEACHTREE RD NE
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30319
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4042665500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4370 PEACHTREE ROAD
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30319

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-032391.txt : 20230630

10-K
 1
 brhc20054803_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission file number 

ORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act :

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging
 growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period
 pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal
 quarter, was . For purposes hereof, beneficial ownership is determined under rules adopted pursuant to Section 13 of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the foregoing excludes value ascribed to common stock that may be deemed beneficially owned by the directors and executive officers, and 10 or greater stockholders, of the registrant, some of whom may not be
 deemed to be affiliates upon judicial determination. On June 12, 2023, there were of the registrant s common stock, par
 value 1.00 per share, outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

None.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Explanatory Note 

1

Forward-Looking Statements 

1

PART I

Item 1.

Business 

2

The Company 

2 

Marketing 

3 

Underwriting 

4 

Policyholder and Claims Services 

4 

Reserves 

5 

Reinsurance 

6 

Competition 

7 

Ratings 

7 

Regulation 

8 

NAIC Ratios 

8 

Risk-Based Capital 

9 

Information Technology and Cybersecurity 

9 

Investments 

9 

Human Capital 

10 

Financial Information by Industry Segment 

10 

Available Information 

11 

Executive Officers of the Registrant 

11 

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

11 

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

11 

Item 2.

Properties 

11 

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

12 

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

12 

PART II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

13 

Item 6.

Reserved 

13 

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

14 

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

21 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

22

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

53 

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

53 

Item 9B.

Other Information 

54

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

54

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

55

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

59 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

62 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

63 

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

63 

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

65 

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

66 

Signatures 

67 

Schedule II 

68 

Schedule III 

71 

Schedule IV 

73 

Schedule VI 

74 

Table of Contents 

EXPLANATORY NOTE

As disclosed in the Company s Form 12b-25 filed on April 3, 2023 and Form 12b-25 filed on May 22, 2023, the Company was unable to file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (this Form
 10-K ), and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three month period ended March 31, 2023 (the Form 10-Q ), respectively, within the prescribed time periods because the Company required additional time to finalize its actuarial valuation
 procedures and related financial statement balances within the Company s life and health segment, Bankers Fidelity. The need for additional time resulted from a change in the systems used to perform the actuarial valuations, as further described
 below.

During the fourth quarter of 2022, Bankers Fidelity commenced a conversion of the actuarial valuation system for its Medicare
 Supplement line of business. In connection with the implementation of the new system, parallel valuation procedures were performed using the new system (the New System and were compared to the legacy system (the Legacy System for
 historical periods. As part of that process, the Company concluded that additional time was required in order to undertake and finalize analyses of the valuation procedures, assumptions and results, and the related financial statement balances.
 Due to the scope of the review and the time and effort required to complete the implementation of the New System and analyze the resulting valuations, the Company was unable to timely file this Form 10-K and the Form 10-Q.

After the Company completed the implementation of the New System and the associated valuation procedures and analyses during the first
 half of 2023, the Company was able to complete the preparation of its financial statements and this Form 10-K and the Form 10-Q, respectively, which are being filed concurrently on the date hereof , and there were no changes to any of the
 Company s historical financial statements. In connection with the foregoing, and the related evaluations of the Company s internal control over
 financial reporting, the Company s management identified certain deficiencies in internal control that management believes rise to the level of a material
 weakness, and management took steps to implement changes to remediate those deficiencies during the periods covered by this Form 10-K and the Form 10-Q, all as described under Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures in this Form 10-K.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain of the statements contained or incorporated by reference herein are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are all
 statements other than those of historical fact. These forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and include estimates and assumptions related to, among other things, general economic, competitive, operational and legislative developments, expectations and trends. Forward-looking statements are inherently
 subject to risks and uncertainties which are, in many instances, beyond the Company s control and have been made based upon management s current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect upon the Company.
 There can be no assurance that future developments will be in accordance with management s expectations or that the effect of future developments on the Company will be those anticipated by management. Actual results could differ materially from
 those expressed by forward-looking statements, depending on the occurrence or outcome of various factors. These factors include, among others: the effects of macroeconomic conditions and general economic uncertainty; unexpected developments in the
 health care or insurance industries affecting providers or individuals, including the cost or availability of services, or the tax consequences related thereto; disruption to the financial markets; unanticipated increases in the rate, number and
 amounts of claims outstanding; our ability to remediate the identified material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting; the level of performance of reinsurance companies under reinsurance contracts and the availability, pricing
 and adequacy of reinsurance to protect the Company against losses; changes in the stock markets, interest rates or other financial markets, including the potential effect on the Company s statutory capital levels; the uncertain effect on the
 Company of regulatory and market-driven changes in practices relating to the payment of incentive compensation to brokers, agents and other producers; the potential impact of public health emergencies, such as COVID-19; the incidence and severity
 of catastrophes, both natural and man-made; the possible occurrence of terrorist attacks; stronger than anticipated competitive activity; unfavorable judicial or legislative developments; the potential effect of regulatory developments, including
 those which could increase the Company s business costs and required capital levels; the Company s ability to distribute its products through distribution channels, both current and future; the uncertain effect of emerging claim and coverage
 issues; the effect of assessments and other surcharges for guaranty funds and other mandatory pooling arrangements; and risks related to cybersecurity matters, such as breaches of our computer network or the loss of unauthorized access to the data
 we maintain. As a result, undue reliance should not be placed upon forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent developments, changes in underlying
 assumptions or facts or otherwise, except as may be required by law.

1 

Table of Contents 

PART I

Item 1. 

Business

The Company

Atlantic American Corporation, a Georgia corporation incorporated in 1968 (the Parent or Company ), is a holding company that operates through its subsidiaries in well-defined specialty markets
 within the life and health and property and casualty insurance industries. The Parent s principal operating subsidiaries are American Southern Insurance Company and American Safety Insurance Company (together known as American Southern within
 the property and casualty insurance industry and Bankers Fidelity Life Insurance Company, Bankers Fidelity Assurance Company and Atlantic Capital Life Assurance Company (together known as Bankers Fidelity within the life and health insurance
 industry. Each of American Southern and Bankers Fidelity is managed separately based upon the type of products it offers, and is evaluated on its individual performance. The Company s strategy is to focus on well-defined geographic, demographic
 and/or product niches within the insurance marketplace. Each of American Southern and Bankers Fidelity operates with relative autonomy, which structure is designed to allow for quick reaction to market opportunities.

The Parent has no significant business operations of its own and relies on fees, dividends and other distributions from its operating subsidiaries as the principal source of cash flow to meet its
 obligations. Additional information regarding the cash flow and liquidity needs of the Parent can be found in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

Property and Casualty Operations

American Southern comprises the Company s property and casualty operations and its primary product lines are as follows:

Business Automobile Insurance policies provide bodily injury and/or property damage liability coverage, uninsured motorist coverage and physical
 damage coverage for commercial accounts.

General Liability Insurance policies cover bodily injury and/or property damage liability for both premises and completed operations exposures for
 general classes of business.

Surety Bonds are contracts under which one party, the insurance company issuing the surety bond, guarantees to a third party that the primary party
 will fulfill an obligation in accordance with a contractual agreement. This obligation may involve meeting a contractual commitment, paying a debt or performing certain duties.

American Southern provides tailored business automobile insurance coverage, on a multi-year contract basis, to state governments, local municipalities and other large motor pools and fleets block
 accounts that can be specifically rated and underwritten. The size of the block accounts insured by American Southern are generally such that individual class experience can be determined, which allows for customized policy terms and rates.
 American Southern is licensed to do business in 32 states and the District of Columbia. While the majority of American Southern s premiums are derived from its automobile lines of business, American Southern also offers inland marine and general
 liability coverages. Additionally, American Southern directly provides surety bond coverage for subdivision construction, school bus contracts, as well as performance and payment bonds.

The following table summarizes, for the periods indicated, the allocation of American Southern s net earned premiums from each of its principal product lines:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

(In thousands)

Automobile liability

33,981

30,453

Automobile physical damage

21,069

22,917

General liability

5,871

5,637

Surety

6,039

5,620

Other lines

3,316

3,355

Total

70,276

67,982

Life and Health Operations

Bankers Fidelity comprises the life and health operations of the Company and offers a variety of life and supplemental health products. Products offered by Bankers Fidelity include ordinary life
 insurance, Medicare supplement and other accident and health insurance products.

Life Insurance products include non-participating, individual and group whole life insurance policies with a variety of riders and options. Policy
 premiums are dependent upon a number of factors, including issue age, level of coverage and selected riders or options.

2 

Table of Contents 

Medicare Supplement Insurance includes 8 of the 10 standardized Medicare supplement policies created under the Medicare Improvements for Patients and
 Providers Act of 2008 MIPPA ), which are designed to provide insurance coverage for certain expenses not covered by the Medicare program, including copayments and deductibles.

Other Accident and Health Insurance coverages include several individual and group policies providing for the payment of standard benefits in
 connection with the treatment of diagnosed cancer and other critical illnesses, as well as a number of other policies providing short-term nursing facility care, accident expense, hospital indemnity and disability coverages.

Health insurance products, primarily Medicare supplement insurance, accounted for 86 of Bankers Fidelity s net earned premiums in 2022 while life insurance, including both whole and term life
 insurance policies, accounted for the balance. In terms of the number of policies written in 2022, 58 were health insurance policies and 42 were life insurance policies.

The following table summarizes, for the periods indicated, the allocation of Bankers Fidelity s net earned premiums from each of its principal product lines:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

(In thousands)

Life insurance

15,805

10,557

Medicare supplement

86,970

95,314

Other accident and health

12,389

10,363

Total health insurance

99,359

105,677

Total

115,164

116,234

Marketing

Property and Casualty Operations

A portion of American Southern s business is marketed through a small number of specialized, experienced independent agents. American Southern s agent selection process is actively managed by
 internal marketing personnel with oversight from management. Senior management carefully reviews all new programs prior to acceptance. Most of American Southern s agents are paid an up-front commission with the potential for additional commissions
 by participating in a profit sharing arrangement that is directly linked to the profitability of the underlying business. American Southern also solicits business from governmental entities. As an experienced writer of insurance policies for
 certain governmental programs, the company actively pursues this market on a direct basis. Much of this business is priced by means of competitive bid situations. As a result, there can be no assurance with respect to the ultimate profitability or
 ability of the Company to obtain or retain such business at the time of a specific contract renewal.

Life and Health Operations

Bankers Fidelity acquires its clientele through three distribution channels spread across 46 different states and two business divisions, all of which utilize commissioned, independent agents. The
 three distribution channels include traditional independent agents, brokers typically interested in a specific product of Bankers Fidelity and brokers who focus on sales within the group/employer benefits division, Atlantic American Employee
 Benefits, all of which are responsible for their own marketing and sales activities. Contracting as independent agents enables Bankers Fidelity to effectively expand or contract its sales force without incurring significant expense.

Bankers Fidelity had approximately 4,337 licensed agents contracted in both the individual and group divisions as of December 31, 2022. During 2022, approximately 476 of these licensed agents wrote
 policies on behalf of Bankers Fidelity.

Bankers Fidelity s marketing and distribution strategy revolves around five pillars: Diversification, Differentiation, Quality, Retention and Profitability.

Diversification . Through unique product offerings such as the Vantage Flex Plus , a hospital indemnity plan, and Vantage Recovery , short-term care product
 and a group whole life product featuring a chronic illness rider, the Company is able to offer its distributors an array of products to sell that stand out from the competition. As the Company continues to expand its geographical footprint with
 agents and products, one of its main objectives is to have a healthy mix of all of its product lines nationwide.

Differentiation . Bankers Fidelity prides itself on the quality of customer service it offers to policyholders and agents. A dedicated agent support team is
 available to the field to support them on administration, underwriting, sales training, product questions and a plethora of other services which differentiates the Company from other carriers. Additionally, a customer loyalty team is available
 solely to serve insureds for any of their insurance needs. Bankers Fidelity prides itself on being agile, which we believe differentiates us from larger carriers and helps the Company to quickly execute senior management s initiatives.

3 

Table of Contents 

Quality . Bankers Fidelity is focused on being a niche carrier that delivers superior service, quality products and innovative solutions. Sophisticated
 technology and reporting allows the home office teams to work with the sales force to deliver a tailored experience and phenomenal customer service.

Retention. Through seasonal campaigns and customer outreach, the Company is focused on client retention and servicing its policyholders through all stages in
 their lives. By providing its agents with an innovative product portfolio, the Company further promotes client retention by empowering its agents to continually meet the needs of our policyholders.

Profitability . In an effort to be sustainable in the marketplace as a long-term partner, senior management is focused on diversification, differentiation,
 quality and retention to achieve profitability.

Underwriting

Property and Casualty Operations

American Southern specializes in underwriting various risks that are sufficiently large enough to establish separate class experience, relying upon the underwriting expertise of its agents.

During the course of the policy life, extensive use is made of risk management representatives to assist commercial underwriters in identifying and correcting potential loss exposures and to
 physically inspect new accounts. The underwriting results from each insured are reviewed on an individual basis periodically. If results are below expectations, management takes corrective action, which may include adjusting rates, revising
 underwriting standards, adjusting commissions paid to agents, and/or altering or declining to renew accounts at expiration.

Life and Health Operations

Bankers Fidelity issues a variety of products that span from the group markets to the individual markets for both life and health insurance. Products offered by Bankers Fidelity include life
 insurance, typically with small face amounts, Medicare supplement and other accident and health insurance. Bankers Fidelity also provides an array of group products such as accident, cancer, critical illness, hospital indemnity and life insurance
 that is offered to employers who are looking to provide coverage for their employees and have the related premiums deducted through payroll deductions.

The individual products are underwritten on a non-medical basis using a simplified issue approach by which an application containing a variety of health related questions is submitted. Applications
 for insurance are reviewed to determine the face amount, age, medical history and any other necessary information. Bankers Fidelity utilizes information obtained directly from the insured, the medical claims data, prescription utilization reports
 as well as telephone interviews to determine whether an applicant meets the Company s underwriting criteria. Bankers Fidelity may also utilize medical records and investigative services to supplement and substantiate information, as necessary.

The group products are underwritten and assessed at the group level for financial risk. The underwriting will utilize several factors to determine this risk such as the industry, demographics, enrollment strategies,
 employee access, locations of offices and any regulatory or legislative changes that could impact the decisions. The spread of risk is also reviewed which analyzes the content of the employees within the group which includes the spread of gender,
 ages, salaries and occupations. This information is used to quote an appropriate benefits package, pricing, waiting periods and rates for the group entity.

Policyholder and Claims Services

The Company believes that prompt, efficient policyholder and claims services are essential to its continued success in marketing its insurance products (see Competition ). Additionally, the
 Company believes that its insureds are particularly sensitive to claims processing time and to the accessibility of qualified staff to answer inquiries. Accordingly, the Company s policyholder and claims services seek to offer expeditious
 disposition of service requests by providing toll-free access for all customers, 24-hour claim reporting services, and direct computer links with some of its largest accounts. The Company also utilizes an automatic call distribution system designed
 to ensure that inbound calls to customer service support groups are processed efficiently. Operational data generated from this system allows management to further refine ongoing client service programs and service representative training modules.

4 

Table of Contents 

Property and Casualty Operations

American Southern controls its claims costs by utilizing an in-house staff of claims supervisors to investigate, verify, negotiate and settle claims. Upon notification of an occurrence purportedly
 giving rise to a claim, a claim file is established. The claims department then conducts a preliminary investigation, determines whether an insurable event has occurred and, if so, updates the file for the findings and any required reserve
 adjustments. Independent adjusters and appraisers are frequently utilized to service claims which require on-site inspections.

Life and Health Operations

The majority of life and health claims are filed electronically while insureds also have the ability to download claims forms and file directly. Insureds may also obtain claim forms by calling the
 customer service group or through Bankers Fidelity s website. All of these claims are entered into the system immediately upon receipt and put into a pending status until the claim can be fully processed. To shorten claim processing time, a
 letter detailing all supporting documents that are required to complete a claim for a particular policy is sent to the customer along with the correct claim form. Properly documented claims are generally paid within five business days of receipt.
 With regard to Medicare supplement policies, the claim is either directly billed to Bankers Fidelity by the provider or sent electronically through a Medicare clearing house.

Reserves

Reserves are set by line of business within each of the subsidiaries. At December 31, 2022, approximately 72 of the losses and claims reserves related to property and casualty and approximately
 28 related to life and health. The Company s property and casualty operations incur losses which may take extended periods of time to evaluate and settle. Issues with respect to legal liability, actual loss quantification, legal discovery and
 ultimate subrogation, among other factors, may influence the initial and subsequent estimates of loss. In the property and casualty operations, the Company s general practice is to reserve at the higher end of the determined reasonable range of
 loss if no other value within the range is determined to be more probable. The Company s life and health operations generally incur losses which are more readily quantified. Medical claims received are recorded in case reserves based on contractual
 terms using the submitted billings as a basis for determination. Life claims are recorded based on contract value at the time of notification to the Company; offset by policy reserves related to such contracts previously established. Individual
 case reserves are established by a claims processor on each individual claim and are periodically reviewed and adjusted as new information becomes known during the course of handling a claim. Regular internal periodic reviews are also performed by
 management to ensure that loss reserves are established and revised timely relative to the receipt of new or additional information. Lines of business for which loss data (e.g. paid losses and case reserves) emerge over a long period of time are
 referred to as long-tail lines of business. Lines of business for which loss data emerge more quickly are referred to as short-tail lines of business. The Company s long-tail line of business generally consists of its general liability coverage
 while the short-tail lines of business generally consist of property and automobile coverages.

The Company s actuaries regularly review reserves for both current and prior accident years using the most current claims data. These reviews incorporate a variety of actuarial methods (discussed
 in Critical Accounting Policies) and judgments and involve a disciplined analysis. For most lines of business, certain actuarial methods and specific assumptions are deemed more appropriate based on the current circumstances affecting that line of
 business. These selections incorporate input from claims personnel and operating management on reported loss cost trends and other factors that could affect the reserve estimates.

The Company establishes reserves for claims based upon: (a) management s estimate of ultimate liability and claims adjusters evaluations of unpaid claims reported prior to the close of the
 accounting period, (b) estimates of incurred but not reported IBNR claims based on past experience, and (c) estimates of losses and loss adjustment expense LAE ). The estimated liability is periodically reviewed and updated, and changes to
 the estimated liability are recorded in the statement of operations in the period in which such changes become known.

For long-tail lines of business, the emergence of paid losses and case reserves is less credible in the early periods, and accordingly may not be indicative of ultimate losses. For these lines,
 methods which incorporate a development pattern assumption are given less weight in calculating IBNR for the early periods of loss emergence because such a low percentage of ultimate losses are reported in that time frame. Accordingly, for any
 given accident year, the rate at which losses on long-tail lines of business emerge in the early periods is generally not as reliable an indication of ultimate losses as it would be for shorter-tail lines of business. The estimation of reserves for
 these lines of business in the early periods of loss emergence is therefore largely influenced by statistical analyses and application of prior accident years loss ratios, after considering changes to earned pricing, loss costs, mix of business,
 ceded reinsurance and other factors that are expected to affect the estimated ultimate losses. For later periods of loss emergence, methods which incorporate a development pattern assumption are given more weight in estimating ultimate losses. For
 short-tail lines of business, the emergence of paid loss and case reserves is more credible in the early periods and is more likely to be indicative of ultimate losses. The method used to set reserves for these lines of business is based upon
 utilization of a historical development pattern for reported losses. IBNR reserves for the current year are set as the difference between the estimated fully developed ultimate losses for each year, less the established, related case reserves and
 cumulative related payments. IBNR reserves for prior accident years are similarly determined, again relying on an indicated, historical development pattern for reported losses.

5 

Table of Contents 

Based on the results of regular reserve estimate reviews, the Company determines the appropriate reserve adjustment, if any, to record in each period. If necessary, recorded reserve estimates are
 changed after consideration of numerous factors, including, but not limited to, the magnitude of the difference between the actuarial indication and the recorded reserves, improvement or deterioration of actuarial indication in the period, the
 maturity of the accident year, trends observed over the recent past and the level of volatility within a particular line of business. In general, changes are made more quickly to recognize changes in estimates to ultimate losses in mature accident
 years and less volatile lines of business.

The Company s policy is to record reserves for losses and claims in amounts that represent actuarial best estimates of ultimate values. Actuarial best estimates do not necessarily represent the
 midpoint value determined using the various actuarial methods; however, such estimates will fall between the estimated low and high end reserve values. The range of estimates developed in connection with the December 31, 2022 actuarial review
 indicated that reserves could be as much as 10.1 lower or as much as 10.0 higher. In the opinion of management, recorded reserves represent the best estimate of outstanding losses, although significant judgments are made in the derivation of
 reserve estimates and revisions to such estimates are expected to be made in future periods. Any such revisions could be material, and may materially adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations in any future period.

Property and Casualty Operations

American Southern maintains loss reserves representing estimates of amounts necessary for payment of losses and LAE, which are not discounted. IBNR reserves are also maintained for future
 development. These loss reserves are estimates, based on known facts and circumstances at a given date, of amounts the Company expects to pay on incurred claims. All balances are reviewed periodically by the Company s independent consulting
 actuary. Reserves for LAE are intended to cover the ultimate costs of settling claims, including investigation and defense of any lawsuits resulting from such claims. Loss reserves for reported claims are based on a case-by-case evaluation of the
 type of claim involved, the circumstances surrounding the claim, and the policy provisions relating to the type of loss along with anticipated future development. The LAE for claims reported and claims not reported is based on historical
 statistical data and anticipated future development. Inflation and other factors which may affect claim payments are implicitly reflected in the reserving process through analysis and consideration of cost trends and reviews of historical reserve
 results.

Estimating case reserves and ultimate losses involves various considerations which differ according to the line of business. In addition, changes in legislative and regulatory environments may
 impact loss estimates. General liability claims may have a long pattern of loss emergence. Given the broad nature of potential general liability coverages, investigative time periods may be extended and questions of coverage may exist. Such
 uncertainties create greater imprecision in estimating required levels of loss reserves. The property and automobile lines of business generally have less variable reserve estimates than other lines. This is largely due to the coverages having
 relatively shorter periods of loss emergence. Estimates, however, can still vary due to a number of factors, including interpretations of frequency and severity trends. Severity trends can be impacted by changes in internal claim handling and
 reserving practices in addition to changes in the external environment. These changes in claim practices increase the uncertainty in the interpretation of case reserve data, which increases the uncertainty in recorded reserve levels.

Life and Health Operations

Bankers Fidelity establishes reserves for future policy benefits to meet projected obligations under policies that are in force as of the statement date. These reserves are calculated to satisfy
 policy and contract obligations as they are projected to come due. Reserves for insurance policies are calculated using assumptions for interest rates, mortality rates, disablement rates, and lapse rates. These assumptions vary by the product
 type, the year the policy was issued, and other demographic information about the policyholder. Variations in assumptions may be made from one issue year to another to reflect actual experience. Assumptions that deviate significantly from actual
 future experience, or actual results that differ significantly from our estimates, could have a materially adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations, or financial condition.

See Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on insurance reserves and policyholder funds.

Reinsurance

The Company s insurance subsidiaries from time to time purchase reinsurance from unaffiliated insurers and reinsurers to reduce their potential liability on individual risks and to protect against
 catastrophic losses. In a reinsurance transaction, an insurance company transfers, or cedes, a portion or all of its exposure on insurance policies to a reinsurer. The reinsurer assumes the exposure in return for a portion of the premiums. The
 ceding of insurance does not legally discharge the insurer from primary liability for the full amount of the policies written by it, and the ceding company will incur a loss if the reinsurer fails to meet its obligations under the reinsurance
 agreement.

6 

Table of Contents 

Property and Casualty Operations

American Southern s basic reinsurance treaties generally cover all claims in excess of specified per occurrence limitations. Limits per occurrence within the reinsurance treaties are as follows:
 Inland marine and commercial automobile physical damage - 225,000 excess of 125,000 retention; and automobile liability and general liability - excess coverage of 2.0 million less retentions that may vary from 100,000 to 500,000 depending on
 the account. American Southern maintains a property catastrophe treaty with a 5.5 million limit excess of 500,000 retention. American Southern also issues individual surety bonds with face amounts generally up to 1.5 million, and limited to 5.0
 million in aggregate per account, that are not reinsured.

Life and Health Operations

Bankers Fidelity has entered into reinsurance contracts ceding the excess of its life retention. Maximum retention by Bankers Fidelity on any one individual in the case of life insurance policies
 is 200,000. At December 31, 2022, 9.6 million of the 670.6 million of life insurance in force at Bankers Fidelity was reinsured under a mix of coinsurance and yearly renewable term agreements. Certain prior year reinsurance agreements also
 remain in force although they no longer provide reinsurance for new business.

Bankers Fidelity has also entered into a reinsurance contract ceding excess new Medicare supplement business to General Re Life Corporation. Ceding thresholds are set annually. During 2022, the
 liability of the reinsurer was 50 of all new Medicare supplement business issued by the Company on amounts up to a maximum retention of 15.0 million of annualized premium. Accordingly, 1.0 million of the Company s 2.0 million of new annualized
 Medicare supplement premium was ceded.

Competition

Competition for insurance products is based on many factors including premiums charged, terms and conditions of coverage, customer service, financial ratings assigned by independent rating
 agencies, claims handling, consumer recognition and reputation, perceived financial strength and the experience of the organization in the line of business being written.

Property and Casualty Operations

The businesses in which American Southern engages are highly competitive. The principal areas of competition are pricing and service. Many competing property and casualty companies have been in
 business longer than American Southern, offer more diversified lines of insurance and have substantially greater financial resources. Management believes, however, that the policies it sells are competitive with those providing similar benefits
 offered by other insurers doing business in the states in which American Southern operates. American Southern strives to develop strong relationships with its agents and, consequently, believes it is well positioned for new opportunities and
 programs with those agents.

Life and Health Operations

The life and health insurance business remains highly competitive and includes a large number of insurance companies, many of which are new entrants to the business of providing Medicare supplement
 and other accident and health insurance products. Bankers Fidelity has established itself as a trusted carrier of choice for its customers providing quality and sustainability for over 65 years.

In order to compete, Bankers Fidelity actively seeks opportunities in niche markets, developing long-term relationships with a select number of independent marketing organizations. Additionally,
 Bankers Fidelity actively promotes Atlantic American Employee Benefits, the group benefits division, as well as selective association partnerships. It competes with other insurers to attract and retain the allegiance of its independent agents
 through commission and sales incentive arrangements, accessibility and marketing assistance, lead programs, reputation and market expertise. Bankers Fidelity successfully competes in its chosen markets by establishing relationships with independent
 agents and providing proprietary marketing initiatives as well as providing outstanding service to policyholders.

Ratings

Ratings are important measures within the insurance industry, and higher ratings are expected to have a favorable impact on the ability of a company to compete in the marketplace. Ratings of
 insurance companies are not designed for investors and do not constitute recommendations to buy, sell, or hold any security.

Each year A.M. Best Company, Inc. A.M. Best publishes Best s Insurance Reports, which includes assessments and ratings of all insurance companies. A.M. Best s financial strength ratings, which
 may be revised or revoked at any time, follow a graduated scale of rating categories and notches ranging from A++ (Superior) to F (in liquidation). A.M. Best s ratings are based on a detailed analysis of the statutory financial condition and
 operations of an insurance company compared to the industry in general.

American Southern. American Southern Insurance Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, American Safety Insurance Company, are each, as of the date of this
 report, rated A (Excellent) by A.M. Best.

Bankers Fidelity. Bankers Fidelity Life Insurance Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bankers Fidelity Assurance Company, are each, as of the date of
 this report, rated A- (Excellent) by A.M. Best.

7 

Table of Contents 

Regulation

Like all domestic insurance companies, the Company s insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision in the jurisdictions in which they do business. Statutes typically delegate
 regulatory, supervisory, and administrative powers to state insurance commissioners. The method of such regulation varies, but regulation relates generally to the licensing of insurers and their agents, the nature of and limitations on investments,
 approval of policy forms, reserve requirements, the standards of solvency to be met and maintained, deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders, and periodic examinations of insurers and trade practices, among other things. The
 Company s products generally are subject to rate regulation by state insurance commissions, which require that certain minimum loss ratios be maintained. Certain states also have insurance holding company laws which require registration and
 periodic reporting by insurance companies controlled by other corporations licensed to transact business within their respective jurisdictions. The Company s insurance subsidiaries are subject to such legislation and are registered as controlled
 insurers in those jurisdictions in which such registration is required. Such laws vary from state to state, but typically require periodic disclosure concerning the corporation which controls the registered insurers and all subsidiaries of such
 corporations, as well as prior notice to, or approval by, the state insurance commissioners of intercorporate transfers of assets (including payments of dividends by the insurance subsidiaries in excess of specified amounts) within the holding
 company system. The Company believes it is in compliance with all such requirements.

Most states require that rate schedules and other information be filed with the state s insurance regulatory authority, either directly or through a ratings organization with which the insurer is
 affiliated. The regulatory authority may disapprove a rate filing if it determines that the rates are inadequate, excessive, or discriminatory. The Company has historically experienced no significant regulatory resistance to its applications for
 rate adjustments; however, the Company cannot provide any assurance that it will not receive any objections to any applications in the future.

A state may require that acceptable securities be deposited for the protection either of policyholders located in those states or of all policyholders. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in
 compliance with all such requirements, and securities with an amortized cost of 12.3 million were on deposit either directly with various state authorities or with third parties pursuant to various custodial agreements on behalf of the Company s
 insurance subsidiaries.

Virtually all of the states in which the Company s insurance subsidiaries are licensed to transact business require participation in their respective guaranty funds designed to cover claims against
 insolvent insurers. Insurers authorized to transact business in these jurisdictions are generally subject to assessments of up to 4 of annual direct premiums written in that jurisdiction to pay such claims, if any. The likelihood and amount of any
 future assessments cannot be estimated until an insolvency has occurred.

NAIC Ratios

The National Association of Insurance Commissioners (the NAIC was established to, among other things, provide guidelines to assess the financial strength of insurance companies for state
 regulatory purposes. The NAIC conducts annual reviews of the financial data of insurance companies primarily through the application of financial ratios prepared on a statutory basis. Annual statements are required to be submitted to state
 insurance departments to assist them in monitoring insurance companies in their state and to allow such states to determine a desirable range for each such ratio with which companies should comply.

The NAIC developed the Insurance Regulatory Information System IRIS to help state regulators identify companies that may require regulatory attention. Financial examiners review annual
 financial statements and the results of key financial ratios based on year-end data with the goal of identifying insurers that appear to require immediate regulatory attention. Each ratio has an established usual range of results. A ratio result
 falling outside the usual range, however, is not necessarily considered adverse; rather, unusual values are used as part of the regulatory early monitoring system. Furthermore, in some years, it may not be unusual for financially sound companies to
 have several ratios with results outside the usual ranges. Generally, an insurance company may become subject to regulatory scrutiny or, depending on the company s financial condition, regulatory action if certain of its key IRIS ratios fall
 outside the usual ranges and the insurer s financial condition is trending downward.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, Bankers Fidelity Assurance Company had three ratios outside the usual range, primarily as a result of net loss for the year, certain surplus ratios and
 Non-admitted Assets to Admitted Assets. The net loss at Bankers Fidelity Assurance Company is primarily related to federal income taxes incurred which resulted in a corresponding decrease in surplus levels for the year as well as a growing Deferred
 Tax Asset which is a Non-admitted. Atlantic Capital Life Assurance Company had one ratio outside the usual range primarily due to the fact that the Change in Asset Mix was automatically considered unusual because the prior year value was zero, as
 the company was not in existence during the prior year. Bankers Fidelity Life Insurance Company, American Southern Insurance Company and American Safety Insurance Company had no IRIS ratios outside the usual ranges. Management does not anticipate
 regulatory action as a result of the 2022 IRIS ratio results for the insurance subsidiaries.

8 

Table of Contents 

Risk-Based Capital

Risk-based capital RBC is a metric used by ratings agencies and regulators as an early warning tool to identify weakly capitalized companies for the purpose of initiating further regulatory
 action. The RBC calculation determines the amount of adjusted capital needed by a company to avoid regulatory action. Authorized Control Level Risk-Based Capital ACL is calculated, and if a company s adjusted capital is 200 or lower than
 ACL, it is subject to regulatory action. At December 31, 2022, the Company s insurance subsidiaries RBC levels exceeded the required regulatory levels.

Information Technology and Cybersecurity

The Company s operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and personal identifiable information within various technology platforms. Cybersecurity is a high
 priority and the Company has made significant investments in order to prevent, detect, and respond to cyber threats. The Company continues to enhance its intrusion protection and detection technology, infrastructure and application firewalls, and
 network monitoring. The Company has also installed advanced endpoint threat protection technology and implemented a mandatory security awareness training program for all employees. This training is reinforced through periodic simulated phishing
 tests.

The Company uses a sophisticated backup and recovery methodology that supports the replication of data across multiple secure data centers. It also includes a comprehensive disaster recovery plan
 that is continually tested to help enable us to resume business in the event of a disaster. The Company s technology environment is managed by an experienced team of professionals who follow an extensive set of policies and procedures related to
 data security. Through recurring internal and external audits, controls are regularly reviewed, tested, and enhanced to promote best practices. The Company has augmented the information security program through a partnership with a leading global
 cybersecurity service provider to review and implement additional services such as Security Event Monitoring, Advanced Endpoint Threat Detection, Incident Management Retainer Services, and Strategic Advisory Services focused on Chief Information
 Security Officer (CISO) duties such as counter-threat intelligence.

The information security program also includes a cybersecurity Incident Response Plan IRP that was established to help protect the integrity, availability and confidentiality of information,
 prevent loss of service, and comply with legal requirements. The IRP specifies the process for identifying and reporting an incident, initial investigation, risk classification, documentation and communication of incidents, responder procedures,
 incident reporting, and ongoing training. Additionally, the IRP specifies the notification to directors, officers, and other corporate insiders to not trade the Company s securities while in possession of potentially material nonpublic information
 about the incident.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has oversight of the Company s information security program. The Company s senior officers, including its Chief Information Officer, are responsible
 for the operation of the information security program and regularly communicate with the Audit Committee on the state of the program.

The Company also maintains dedicated cyber liability insurance for breach event costs, including: post breach event remediation costs; cyber crime coverage (including financial fraud,
 telecommunications fraud, and phishing attacks); and coverage for system failure, bricking loss, and physical damage. The policy also provides coverage for lost revenue due to a damaged reputation from a cyber breach.

Investments

Investment income represents a significant portion of the Company s operating and total income. Insurance company investments are subject to state insurance laws and regulations which limit the
 concentration and types of investments. The following table provides information on the Company s investments as of the dates indicated.

December 31,

2022

2021

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

(Dollars in thousands)

Fixed maturities:

U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. Government agencies and authorities

44,412

19.4

50,298

17.7

States, municipalities and political subdivisions

9,187

4.1

11,644

4.2

Public utilities

10,284

4.5

13,952

4.9

All other corporate bonds

144,623

63.2

184,842

65.2

Redeemable preferred stock

223

0.1

250

0.1

Total fixed maturities (1) 

208,729

91.3

260,986

92.1

Equity securities (2) 

11,562

5.0

19,124

6.7

Other invested assets (3) 

5,386

2.4

198

0.1

Policy loans (4) 

1,759

0.8

1,858

0.7

Real estate

38

0.0

38

0.0

Investments in unconsolidated trusts

1,238

0.5

1,238

0.4

Total investments

228,712

100.0

283,442

100.0

9 

Table of Contents 

(1) 

Fixed maturities are carried on the balance sheet at estimated fair value. Certain fixed maturities do not have publicly quoted prices, and are carried at estimated fair value as determined by management. Total amortized cost of fixed
 maturities was 236.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 238.6 million as of December 31, 2021.

(2) 

Equity securities are carried on the balance sheet at estimated fair value. Total cost of equity securities was 4.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 4.9 million as of December 31, 2021.

(3) 

Other invested assets are accounted for using the equity method. Total cost of other invested assets was 5.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 0.7 million as of December 31, 2021.

(4) 

Policy loans are valued at unpaid principal balances.

Estimated fair values are determined as discussed in Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Results of the Company s investment portfolio for periods shown were as follows:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

(Dollars in thousands)

Average investments (1) 

270,636

260,240

Net investment income

9,932

8,528

Average yield on investments

3.7

3.3

Realized investment gains, net

30

4,903

(1) 

Calculated as the average of cash and investment balances (at amortized cost) at the beginning of the year and at the end of each of the succeeding four quarters.

The Company engages a global investment management firm serving the insurance industry to manage the Company s investment portfolios. Management s recent investment strategy has been a continued
 focus on quality and diversification, while improving the overall risk versus return profile of the portfolio.

Human Capital

The Company and its subsidiaries employed 142 people at December 31, 2022. Of the 142 people, 141 were full-time. We believe that our ability to attract and retain highly motivated and skilled
 employees with diverse backgrounds and experiences is critical to our continued success. We also believe the structure of our compensation program is aligned with the interests of our shareholders and serves to reward the performance of our
 employees. We monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our human capital management efforts by seeking formal and informal feedback from our employees, including periodic surveys to obtain opinions on key topics.

We sponsor health and wellness programs in an effort to promote a healthier employee base. We also offer competitive health and wellbeing benefits to include health, dental, vision, health and
 flexible savings accounts, disability, life, supplemental and telemedicine. An Employee Assistance Program EAP is provided to all full-time employees and their family members at no cost. The EAP offers confidential telephonic counseling,
 referral services, legal and financial services and additional tools that offer support and solutions. Additionally, we offer a 401(k) retirement savings plan with an employer match as well as an annual Safe Harbor Non-Elective contribution.

We strive to provide a work environment that encourages work/life balance. Options depend on job responsibilities and may include flexible work schedules, paid time off, paid holidays and part-time employment.

We offer tuition reimbursement along with budgeted professional development opportunities in order to foster professional growth and to increase skillsets.

Financial Information by Industry Segment

American Southern and Bankers Fidelity each operate with relative autonomy and each company is evaluated on its individual performance. American Southern operates in the property and casualty
 insurance market, while Bankers Fidelity operates in the life and health insurance market. Each segment derives revenue from the collection of premiums, as well as from investment income. Substantially all revenue other than that in the corporate
 and other segment is from external sources. For more information on segments, see Note 16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

10 

Table of Contents 

Available Information

The Company files annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, amendments to those reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission (the SEC ). The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including the Company. In addition, as soon as
 reasonably practicable after such materials are filed with or furnished to the SEC by the Company, the Company makes copies available to the public, free of charge, on or through its web site at www.atlam.com. Neither the Company s website, nor the
 information appearing on the website, is included, incorporated into, or a part of, this report.

Executive Officers of the Registrant

The table and information below set forth, for each current executive officer of the Company, his name, age (as of June 1, 2023), positions with the Company and business experience for the past
 five years, as well as any prior service to the Company.

Name

Age

Positions with the Company

Director or Officer Since

Hilton H. Howell, Jr.

61

Chairman of the Board, President CEO

1992

J. Ross Franklin

45

Vice President, CFO and Corporate Secretary

2017

Officers are elected annually and serve at the discretion of the board of directors.

Mr. Howell has been President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since May 1995, and prior thereto served as Executive Vice President of the Company
 from October 1992 to May 1995. He has been a Director of the Company since October 1992 and effective February 24, 2009, began serving as Chairman of the board of directors. He is also Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Gray
 Television, Inc.

Mr. Franklin has been Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary of the Company since November 2017, and prior thereto served as Interim
 Chief Financial Officer from August 2017 to November 2017. Since 2000 he has held various roles of increasing responsibility with Atlantic American and its subsidiaries, previously serving as Vice President, Accounting and Treasurer of Bankers
 Fidelity since 2009.

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors

As a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K (a smaller reporting company ), we have elected to comply with certain scaled
 disclosure reporting obligations, and therefore are not providing the information required by this Item.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments

Not applicable.

Item 2. 

Properties

Leased Properties. The Company leases space for its principal offices and for some of its insurance operations in an office building located in Atlanta,
 Georgia under a lease which continues until either party provides written notice of cancellation at least twelve months in advance of the actual termination date. The lease, which commenced on November 1, 2007, provides for rent adjustments on
 every fifth anniversary of the commencement date. Under the current terms of the lease, the Company occupies approximately 49,586 square feet of office space. In December 2022, Delta Life Insurance Company, the owner of the building, transferred
 title to the building to 4370 Peachtree LLC. Each of Delta Life Insurance Company and 4370 Peachtree LLC is controlled by an affiliate of the Company.

American Southern leases space for its office in a building located in Atlanta, Georgia. The lease term expires September 30, 2026. Under the terms of the lease, American Southern occupies
 approximately 17,014 square feet.

The Company believes that its current properties are in good condition, and are sufficient for the operations of its business.

11 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings

From time to time, the Company and its subsidiaries are, and expect to continue to be, involved in various claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business, both as a liability
 insurer defending third-party claims brought against insureds and as an insurer defending coverage claims brought against it, and in various regulatory proceedings in the states in which we do business. The Company accounts for such exposures
 through the establishment of loss and loss adjustment expense reserves and accrued expenses. We currently do not expect that the ultimate liability, if any, with respect to such ordinary-course claims litigation or regulatory proceedings, after
 consideration of provisions made for probable losses and costs of defense, will be material to the Company s consolidated financial condition, although the results of such matters could be material to the consolidated results of operations for any
 given period.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

12 

Table of Contents 

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The Company s common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (Symbol: AAME). As of June 12, 2023, there were 4,467 shareholders of record.

From time to time, the Company s board of directors may declare dividends on the Company s common stock. Payment of any dividends will be at the discretion of the Company s board of directors and will depend upon the financial condition, capital requirements, and earnings of the Company,
 as well as any restrictions contained in any agreements by which the Company is bound and other factors as the board of directors may deem relevant. The Company s primary recurring source of cash for the payment of dividends is dividends from its
 subsidiaries; although as of December 31, 2022, the Parent held unrestricted cash and investment balances of approximately 5.0 million. Under the insurance code of the state in which each insurance subsidiary is domiciled, dividend payments to
 the Parent by its insurance subsidiaries are subject to certain limitations, including prior notice to, or approval by, the state insurance commissioners if such dividends are in excess of specified amounts. In 2022, dividend payments to the
 Parent by the insurance subsidiaries in excess of 8.7 million would require prior approval. Pending the filing of this Form 10-K, the Company has not declared and paid
 an annual dividend during 2023. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

On October 31, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a plan that allows for the repurchase of up to 750,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the Repurchase Plan on the open
 market or in privately negotiated transactions, as determined by an authorized officer of the Company. Any such repurchases can be made from time to time in accordance with applicable securities laws and other requirements.

Other than pursuant to the Repurchase Plan, no purchases of common stock of the Company were made by or on behalf of the Company during the periods described below.

The table below sets forth information regarding repurchases by the Company of shares of its common stock on a monthly basis during the three month period ended December 31, 2022.

Period

Total

 Number

 of Shares

 Purchased

Average

 Price Paid

 per Share

Total

 Number of Shares

 Purchased as Part of

 Publicly Announced

 Plans or Programs

Maximum

 Number of Shares

 that May Yet be

 Purchased Under the

 Plans or Programs

October 1 October 31, 2022

325,129

November 1 November 30, 2022

325,129

December 1 December 31, 2022

325,129

Total

Stock Performance Graph

As a smaller reporting company, we have elected to comply with certain scaled disclosure reporting obligations, and therefore are not providing the information required by this Item.

Item 6. 

Reserved

13 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following is management s discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Atlantic American Corporation Atlantic American or the Parent and its
 subsidiaries (collectively with the Parent, the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere herein.

Atlantic American is an insurance holding company whose operations are conducted primarily through its insurance subsidiaries: American Southern Insurance Company and American Safety Insurance
 Company (together known as American Southern in the property and casualty insurance industry, and Bankers Fidelity Life Insurance Company, Bankers Fidelity Assurance Company and Atlantic Capital Life Assurance Company (together known as Bankers
 Fidelity in the life and health insurance industry. Each operating company is managed separately, offers different products and is evaluated on its individual performance.

Critical Accounting Policies

The accounting and reporting policies of the Company are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and, in management s belief, conform to
 general practices within the insurance industry. The following is an explanation of the Company s accounting policies and the resultant estimates considered most significant by management. These accounting policies inherently require significant
 judgment and assumptions and actual operating results could differ significantly from management s estimates determined using these policies. Atlantic American does not expect that changes in the estimates determined using these policies will have
 a material effect on the Company s financial condition or liquidity, although changes could have a material effect on its consolidated results of operations.

Cash and investments comprised 70 of the Company s total assets at December 31, 2022. Substantially all of the Company s investments are in bonds and
 common and preferred stocks, the values of which are subject to significant market fluctuations. The Company carries all fixed maturities, which includes bonds and redeemable preferred stocks, as available for sale, and equity securities, which
 includes common and non-redeemable preferred stocks, at their estimated fair values. Due to market and other considerations, the value of a fixed maturity investment may decline to a value below its amortized purchase price and remain at such value
 for an extended period of time. When a fixed maturity investment s indicated fair value has declined below its cost basis for a period of time, the Company evaluates such investment for an other than temporary impairment. The evaluation for an
 other than temporary impairment is a quantitative and qualitative process, which is subject to risks and uncertainties in the determination of whether declines in the fair value of investments are other than temporary. Potential risks and
 uncertainties include, among other things, changes in general economic conditions, an issuer s financial condition or near term recovery prospects and the effects of changes in interest rates. In evaluating a potential impairment, the Company
 considers, among other factors, management s intent and ability to hold the securities until price recovery, the nature of the investment and the expectation of prospects for the issuer and its industry, the status of an issuer s continued
 satisfaction of its obligations in accordance with their contractual terms, and management s expectation as to the issuer s ability and intent to continue to do so, as well as ratings actions that may affect the issuer s credit status. If an other
 than temporary impairment is deemed to exist, then the Company will write down the amortized cost basis of the investment to its estimated fair value. While any such write down does not impact the reported value of the investment in the Company s
 balance sheet, it is reflected as a realized investment loss in the Company s net income or other comprehensive income, depending upon the nature of the loss, in the period incurred.

The Company determines the fair values of certain financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy established in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 820-10-20, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820-10-20 ). The fair values of fixed maturities and equity securities are largely determined by nationally quoted market prices, when available, or independent
 broker quotations. See Note 2 and Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements with respect to assets and liabilities carried at fair value and information about the inputs used to value those financial instruments, by hierarchy level, in
 accordance with ASC 820-10-20.

Future policy benefits comprised 32 of the Company s total liabilities at December 31, 2022. These liabilities relate primarily to life insurance products
 and are based upon assumed future investment yields, mortality rates, and lapse rates after giving effect to possible risks of adverse deviation. The assumed mortality and lapse rates are based upon the Company s experience modified as necessary to
 reflect anticipated trends and are generally established at contract inception. If actual results differ from the initial assumptions, the amount of the Company s recorded liability could require adjustment.

14 

Table of Contents 

Unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses comprised 33 of the Company s total liabilities at December 31, 2022. This liability includes estimates for: (1)
 unpaid losses on claims reported prior to December 31, 2022, (2) future development on those reported claims, (3) unpaid ultimate losses on claims incurred prior to December 31, 2022 but not yet reported and (4) unpaid loss adjustment expenses for
 reported and unreported claims incurred prior to December 31, 2022. Quantification of loss estimates for each of these components involves a significant degree of judgment and estimates may vary, materially, from period to period. Estimated unpaid
 losses on reported claims are developed based on historical experience with similar claims by the Company. Development on reported claims, estimates of unpaid ultimate losses on claims incurred prior to December 31, 2022 but not yet reported, and
 estimates of unpaid loss adjustment expenses are developed based on the Company s historical experience, using actuarial methods to assist in the analysis. The Company s actuaries develop ranges of estimated development on reported and unreported
 claims as well as loss adjustment expenses using various methods, including the paid-loss development method, the reported-loss development method, the paid Bornhuetter-Ferguson method and the reported Bornhuetter-Ferguson method. Any single method
 used to estimate ultimate losses has inherent advantages and disadvantages due to the trends and changes affecting the business environment and the Company s administrative policies. Further, external factors, such as legislative changes, medical
 cost inflation, and others may directly or indirectly impact the relative adequacy of liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. The Company s approach is to select an estimate of ultimate losses based on comparing results of a
 variety of reserving methods, as opposed to total reliance on any single method. Unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses are reviewed periodically for significant lines of business, and when current results differ from the original assumptions
 used to develop such estimates, the amount of the Company s recorded liability for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses is adjusted. In the event the Company s actual reported losses in any period are materially in excess of the previously
 estimated amounts, such losses, to the extent reinsurance coverage does not exist, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations.

Receivables are amounts due from reinsurers, insureds and agents, and any sales of investment securities not yet settled, and comprised 11 of the
 Company s total assets at December 31, 2022. Insured and agent balances are evaluated periodically for collectibility. Annually, the Company performs an analysis of the creditworthiness of the reinsurers with whom the Company contracts using
 various data sources. Failure of reinsurers to meet their obligations due to insolvencies, disputes or otherwise could result in uncollectible amounts and losses to the Company. Allowances for uncollectible amounts are established, as and when a
 loss has been determined probable, against the related receivable. Losses are recognized by the Company when determined on a specific account basis and a general provision for loss is made based on the Company s historical experience.

Deferred acquisition costs comprised 12 of the Company s total assets at December 31, 2022. Deferred acquisition costs are commissions, premium taxes, and
 other incremental direct costs of contract acquisition that results directly from and are essential to the contract transaction(s) and would not have been incurred by the Company had the contract transaction(s) not occurred. The deferred amounts
 are recorded as an asset on the balance sheet and amortized to expense in a systematic manner. Traditional life insurance and long-duration health insurance deferred policy acquisition costs are amortized over the estimated premium-paying period of
 the related policies using assumptions consistent with those used in computing the related liability for policy benefit reserves. Deferred acquisition costs for property and casualty insurance and short-duration health insurance are amortized over
 the effective period of the related insurance policies. Deferred policy acquisition costs are expensed when such costs are deemed not to be recoverable from future premiums (for traditional life and long-duration health insurance) and from the
 related unearned premiums and investment income (for property and casualty and short-duration health insurance). Assessments of recoverability for property and casualty and short-duration health insurance are extremely sensitive to the estimates of
 a subsequent year s projected losses related to the unearned premiums. Projected loss estimates for a current block of business for which unearned premiums remain to be earned may vary significantly from the indicated losses incurred in any
 previous calendar year.

Deferred income taxes reflect the effect of temporary differences between assets and liabilities that are recognized for financial reporting purposes and
 the amounts that are recognized for tax purposes. These deferred income taxes are measured by applying currently enacted tax laws and rates. Valuation allowances are recognized to reduce the deferred tax asset to the amount that is deemed more
 likely than not to be realized. In assessing the likelihood of realization, management considers estimates of future taxable income and tax planning strategies.

Share-based transactions include employee and director share-based compensation awards . The Company determines a
 grant date fair value based on the price of our publicly-traded common stock and recognize the related compensation expense, adjusted for actual forfeitures, in the consolidated statement of operations on a straight-line basis over the requisite
 service period for the entire award. For non-employee share-based compensation awards, the Company recognizes the impact during the period of performance, and the fair value of the award is measured as of the date performance is complete, which is
 the vesting date.

Refer to Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for details regarding the Company s significant accounting policies.

15 

Table of Contents 

Overall Corporate Results

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

(In thousands)

Revenue

Property and Casualty:

American Southern

73,949

73,868

Life and Health:

Bankers Fidelity

114,015

125,702

Corporate and Other

(113

(16

Total revenue

187,851

199,554

Income before income taxes

Property and Casualty:

American Southern

6,613

9,292

Life and Health:

Bankers Fidelity

3,812

3,726

Corporate and Other

(8,329

(7,716

Income before income taxes

2,096

5,302

Net income

1,525

4,281

Management also considers and evaluates performance by analyzing the non-GAAP measure operating income or loss, and believes it is a useful metric for investors, potential investors, securities
 analysts and others because it isolates the core operating results of the Company before considering certain items that are either beyond the control of management (such as income tax expense, which is subject to timing, regulatory and rate
 changes depending on the timing of the associated revenues and expenses) or are not expected to regularly impact the Company s operational results (such as any realized or unrealized investment gains or losses, which are not a part of the Company s
 primary operations and are, to a limited extent, subject to discretion in terms of timing of realization).

A reconciliation of net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to operating income (loss) is as follows:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

(In thousands)

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measure

Net income

1,525

4,281

Income tax expense

571

1,021

Realized investment gains, net

(30

(4,903

Unrealized (gains) losses on equity securities, net

7,562

(1,894

Non-GAAP operating income (loss)

9,628

(1,495

On a consolidated basis, the Company had net income of 1.5 million, or 0.06 per diluted share, in 2022, compared to net income of 4.3 million, or 0.19 per diluted share, in 2021. The decrease
 in net income was primarily due to a decrease in unrealized gains on equity securities of 9.5 million. Partially offsetting this decrease was a decrease in the insurance benefits and losses incurred of 8.2 million. Operating income was 9.6
 million in 2022 as compared to operating loss of 1.5 million in 2021. The increase in operating income was primarily due to more favorable loss experience in the life and health operations, resulting from a significant decrease in the number of
 claims incurred in the Medicare supplement line of business. Partially offsetting the increase in operating income was a less favorable loss experience in the property and casualty operations due to severity of losses reported from programs within
 the automobile liability line of business.

Total revenue was 187.9 million in 2022 as compared to 199.6 million in 2021. Premium revenue increased to 185.4 million in 2022 from 184.2 million in 2021. The increase in premium revenue was
 primarily attributable to an increase in life insurance premiums within the life and health operations. Also contributing to the increase in premium revenue were business writings and price increases in certain programs within the automobile
 liability line of business within the property and casualty operations. Partially offsetting the increase in premium revenue was a decrease in the Medicare supplement line of business in the life and health operations.

A more detailed analysis of the operating companies and other corporate activities follows.

16 

Table of Contents 

UNDERWRITING RESULTS

American Southern 

The following table summarizes, for the periods indicated, American Southern s premiums, losses, expenses and underwriting ratios:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

(Dollars in thousands)

Gross written premiums

79,218

75,914

Ceded premiums

(6,547

(6,511

Net written premiums

72,671

69,403

Net earned premiums

70,276

67,982

Insurance benefits and losses incurred

47,175

44,433

Commissions and underwriting expenses

20,161

20,143

Underwriting income

2,940

3,406

Loss ratio

67.1

65.4

Expense ratio

28.7

29.6

Combined ratio

95.8

95.0

Gross written premiums at American Southern increased 3.3 million, or 4.4 , during 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase in gross written premiums was primarily attributable to an increase in
 premiums written in the automobile liability line of business, resulting from new business writings and price increases in certain programs. Partially offsetting the increase in gross written premiums was a decrease in premiums written in the
 automobile physical damage line of business due to a reduction in the number of agencies, as well as a decrease in premiums written in the general liability line of business due to reduced premiums from existing agencies.

Ceded premiums increased slightly during 2022 as compared to 2021. American Southern s ceded premiums are typically determined as a percentage of earned premiums and generally increase or decrease
 as earned premiums increase or decrease.

The following table summarizes, for the periods indicated, American Southern s net earned premiums by line of business:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

(In thousands)

Automobile liability

33,981

30,453

Automobile physical damage

21,069

22,917

General liability

5,871

5,637

Surety

6,039

5,620

Other lines

3,316

3,355

Total

70,276

67,982

Net earned premiums increased 2.3 million, or 3.4 , during 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase in net earned premiums was primarily attributable to an increase in business writings and price
 increases in certain programs within the automobile liability line of business as previously mentioned. Partially offsetting the increase in net earned premiums was a decrease in earned premiums in the automobile physical damage line of business
 due to a reduction in the number of existing agencies. Premiums are earned ratably over their respective policy terms and therefore premiums earned in the current year are related to policies written during both the current year and immediately
 preceding year.

The performance of an insurance company is often measured by its combined ratio. The combined ratio represents the percentage of losses, loss adjustment expenses and other expenses that are
 incurred for each dollar of premium earned by the company. A combined ratio of under 100 represents an underwriting profit while a combined ratio of over 100 indicates an underwriting loss. The combined ratio is divided into two components, the
 loss ratio (the ratio of losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred to premiums earned) and the expense ratio (the ratio of expenses incurred to premiums earned).

Insurance benefits and losses incurred at American Southern increased 2.7 million, or 6.2 , during 2022 as compared to 2021. As a percentage of premiums, insurance benefits and losses incurred
 were 67.1 in 2022 as compared to 65.4 in 2021. The increase in the loss ratio was mainly due to severity of losses reported from programs within the automobile liability line of business. Partially offsetting this increase was a decrease in
 the frequency of claims in the automobile physical damage line of business.

17 

Table of Contents 

Commissions and underwriting expenses remained constant during 2022 as compared to 2021. As a percentage of premiums, these expenses were 28.7 in 2022 as compared to 29.6 in 2021. The decrease in
 the expense ratio was primarily due to the increase in earned premiums. Partially offsetting the decrease in expense ratio was American Southern s use of a variable commission structure with certain agents, which compensates the participating
 agents in relation to the loss ratios of the business they write. During periods in which the loss ratio decreases, commissions and underwriting expenses will generally increase, and conversely, during periods in which the loss ratio increases,
 commissions and underwriting expenses will generally decrease. In 2022, variable commissions at American Southern increased 0.7 million as compared to 2021 due to improved loss ratios from certain accounts subject to variable commissions.

In establishing reserves, American Southern initially reserves for losses based on management s best estimate within a reasonable range. Selection of such an initial loss estimate is an attempt by
 management to give recognition that initial claims information received generally is not conclusive with respect to legal liability, is generally not comprehensive with respect to magnitude of loss and generally, based on historical experience,
 will develop more adversely as time passes and more information becomes available. However, as a result, American Southern generally experiences reserve redundancies when analyzing the development of prior year losses in the current period. At
 December 31, 2022, the range of estimates developed in connection with the loss reserves for American Southern indicated that reserves could be as much as 12.1 lower or as much as 12.2 higher. Development from prior years reserves has
 historically reduced the current year loss ratio; however, such reduction in the current year loss ratio is generally offset by the reserves established in the current year for current period losses. Management believes that such differences will
 continue in future periods, but is unable to determine if or when incremental redundancies will increase or decrease until the underlying losses are ultimately settled.

Contingent commissions, if contractually applicable, are ultimately payable to participating agents based on the underlying profitability of a particular insurance contract or a group of insurance
 contracts, and are periodically evaluated and accrued as earned. In each of 2022 and 2021, approximately 38 of American Southern s earned premium provides for contractual commission arrangements which compensate the company s agents in relation to
 the loss ratios of the business they write. By structuring its business in this manner, American Southern provides its agents with an economic incentive to place profitable business with American Southern. In periods in which loss reserves reflect
 favorable development from prior years reserves, there is generally a highly correlated increase in commission expense also related to the prior year business. Accordingly, favorable loss development from prior years, while anticipated to continue
 in future periods, is not an indicator of significant additional profitability in the current year.

Bankers Fidelity 

The following summarizes, for the periods indicated, Bankers Fidelity s premiums, losses and expenses:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

(Dollars in thousands)

Medicare supplement

148,747

162,400

Other health products

12,389

10,364

Life insurance

15,867

10,624

Gross earned premiums

177,003

183,388

Ceded premiums

(61,839

(67,154

Net earned premiums

115,164

116,234

Insurance benefits and losses incurred

76,281

87,261

Commissions and underwriting expenses

33,922

34,715

Total expenses

110,203

121,976

Underwriting income (loss)

4,961

(5,742

Loss ratio

66.2

75.1

Expense ratio

29.5

29.9

Combined ratio

95.7

105.0

Net earned premium revenue at Bankers Fidelity decreased 1.1 million, or 0.9 , during 2022 as compared to 2021. Gross earned premiums from the Medicare supplement line of business decreased 13.7
 million, or 8.4 , in 2022 as compared to 2021, due primarily to non-renewals exceeding the level of new business writings. Other health product premiums increased 2.0 million, or 19.5 , during 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily as a result of new
 sales of the company s group health and individual cancer products. Gross earned premiums from the life insurance line of business increased 5.2 million, or 49.4 , in 2022 from 2021 due to an increase in the group life product premiums. Partially
 offsetting this increase was a decline in individual life products premium, resulting from the redemption and settlement of existing individual life policy obligations exceeding the level of new individual life sales. Premiums ceded decreased 5.3
 million, or 7.9 , in 2022 from 2021. The decrease in ceded premiums was due to a decrease in Medicare supplement premiums subject to reinsurance.

18 

Table of Contents 

Insurance benefits and losses incurred decreased 11.0 million, or 12.6 , during 2022 as compared to 2021. As a percentage of premiums, benefits and losses were 66.2 in 2022 as compared to 75.1 
 in 2021. The decrease in the loss ratio was primarily due to improved rate adequacy and a decrease in the number of claims incurred in the Medicare supplement line of business. Also contributing to the decrease in loss ratio was a decrease in both
 the group and individual lines of business. These decreases were marginally offset by increased loss ratios on the group accident and health lines of business.

Commissions and underwriting expenses decreased 0.8 million, or 2.3 , during 2022 as compared to 2021. As a percentage of earned premiums, these expenses were 29.5 in 2022 as compared to 29.9 in
 2021. The decrease in the expense ratio was primarily due to the additions to deferred acquisition costs DAC exceeding the amortization of DAC. The increase in additions to DAC was primarily related to the growth in sales of the group lines of
 business, primarily group life. Offsetting the DAC benefit were increased commissions related to the aforementioned growth in group sales coupled with increased servicing costs related to our growing group lines of business.

Net Investment Income and Realized Gains

Investment income increased 1.4 million, or 16.5 , in 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase in investment income was primarily attributable to an increase in the equity in earnings from
 investments in the Company s limited partnerships and limited liability companies of 0.5 million. Also contributing to the increase in investment income was prepayment income of 0.3 million related to the redemption of certain fixed maturities.

The Company had net realized investment gains of 0.03 million in 2022 as compared to net realized investment gains of 4.9 million in 2021. The net realized investment gains in 2022 were primarily
 attributable to gains from the sale of fixed maturities. The net realized investment gains in 2021 were primarily attributable to gains of 4.3 million from the sale of the Company s interest in a certain limited liability company as well as gains
 from the sale of a number of the Company s investments in fixed maturities. Management continually evaluates the Company s investment portfolio and, as may be determined to be appropriate, makes adjustments for impairments and/or will divest
 investments. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Equity Securities, Net

Investments in equity securities are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period, with any changes in fair value reported in net income during the period. The Company recognized net
 unrealized losses on equity securities of 7.6 million and unrealized gains on equity securities of 1.9 million during the years ended December 2022 and 2021, respectively. Changes in unrealized gains on equity securities for the applicable
 periods are primarily the result of fluctuations in the market value of certain of the Company s equity securities.

Interest Expense

Interest expense increased 0.6 million, or 40.7 , in 2022 as compared to 2021. Changes in interest expense were primarily due to changes in the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), as the
 interest rates on the Company s outstanding junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures Junior Subordinated Debentures and the revolving credit facility are directly related to LIBOR. The Company is preparing for the expected
 discontinuation of LIBOR by identifying, assessing and monitoring risks associated with LIBOR transition. Preparation includes taking steps to update operational processes to support alternative reference rates and models, as well as evaluating
 legacy contracts for any changes that may be required, including the determination of applicable fallbacks.

Income Taxes

The primary difference between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory income tax rate for 2022 resulted from a permanent difference related to penalties and fines incurred of 0.1
 million. Also contributing to differences between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory income tax rate were the adjustment for prior years estimates to actual that are generally updated at the completion of the third quarter of each
 fiscal year and were 0.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. Other contributing factors to the differences between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory income tax rate were permanent differences related to meals and
 entertainment and the dividends-received deduction DRD ). The current estimated DRD is adjusted as underlying factors change and can vary from estimates based on, but not limited to, actual distributions from investments as well as the amount of
 the Company s taxable income.

The primary differences between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory income tax rate for 2021 resulted from the adjustment for prior years estimates to actual that are generally
 updated at the completion of the third quarter of each fiscal year and were 0.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. Also contributing to differences between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory income tax rate were permanent
 differences related to meals and entertainment and vested stock and club dues. Another contributing factor was the DRD.

19 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The primary cash needs of the Company are for the payment of claims and operating expenses, maintaining adequate statutory capital and surplus levels, and meeting debt service requirements. Current
 and expected patterns of claim frequency and severity may change from period to period, but generally are expected to continue within historical ranges. The Company s primary sources of cash are written premiums, investment income and proceeds from
 the sale and maturity of its invested assets, as well as borrowings from time to time under our revolving credit facility. The Company believes that, within each operating company, total invested assets will be sufficient to satisfy all policy
 liabilities and that cash inflows from investment earnings, future premium receipts and reinsurance collections will be adequate to fund the payment of claims and operating expenses as needed.

Cash flows at the Parent are derived from dividends, management fees, and tax-sharing payments, as described below, from the subsidiaries. The principal cash needs of the Parent are for the payment
 of operating expenses, the acquisition of capital assets and debt service requirements, as well as the repurchase of shares and payments of any dividends as may be authorized and approved by the Company s board of directors from time to time. At
 December 31, 2022, the Parent had approximately 5.0 million of unrestricted cash and investments.

Dividend payments to a parent corporation by its wholly owned insurance subsidiaries are subject to annual limitations and are restricted to 10 of statutory surplus or statutory earnings before
 recognizing realized investment gains of the individual insurance subsidiaries. At December 31, 2022, the Parent s insurance subsidiaries had an aggregate statutory surplus of 89.7 million. Dividends were paid to Atlantic American by its
 subsidiaries totaling 7.2 million and 8.4 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The Parent provides certain administrative, purchasing and other services to each of its subsidiaries. The amount charged to and paid by the subsidiaries for these services was 7.6 million and
 7.4 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, the Parent has a formal tax-sharing agreement with each of its insurance subsidiaries. A net total of 3.9 million and 6.7 million were paid to the Parent under the tax sharing agreement in
 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The Company has two statutory trusts which exist for the exclusive purpose of issuing trust preferred securities representing undivided beneficial interests in the assets of the trusts and
 investing the gross proceeds of the trust preferred securities in Junior Subordinated Debentures. The outstanding 18.0 million and 15.7 million of Junior Subordinated Debentures mature on December 4, 2032 and May 15, 2033, respectively, are
 callable quarterly, in whole or in part, only at the option of the Company, and have an interest rate of three-month LIBOR plus an applicable margin. The margin ranges from 4.00 to 4.10 . At December 31, 2022, the effective interest rate was
 8.73 . The obligations of the Company with respect to the issuances of the trust preferred securities represent a full and unconditional guarantee by the Parent of each trust s obligations with respect to the trust preferred securities. Subject to
 certain exceptions and limitations, the Company may elect from time to time to defer Junior Subordinated Debenture interest payments, which would result in a deferral of distribution payments on the related trust preferred securities. The Company
 has not made such an election.

The Company intends to pay its obligations under the Junior Subordinated Debentures using existing cash balances, dividend and tax-sharing payments from the operating subsidiaries, or from existing
 or potential future financing arrangements.

At December 31, 2022, the Company had 55,000 shares of Series D preferred stock Series D Preferred Stock outstanding. All of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock are held by an affiliate of
 the Company s controlling shareholder. The outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock have a redemption value of 100 per share; accrue annual dividends at a rate of 7.25 per share (payable in cash or shares of the Company s common stock at
 the option of the board of directors of the Company) and are cumulative. In certain circumstances, the shares of the Series D Preferred Stock may be convertible into an aggregate of approximately 1,378,000 shares of the Company s common stock,
 subject to certain adjustments and provided that such adjustments do not result in the Company issuing more than approximately 2,703,000 shares of common stock without obtaining prior shareholder approval; and are redeemable solely at the Company s
 option. The Series D Preferred Stock is not currently convertible. The Company had accrued, but unpaid, dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock of 17.7 thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021. During each of 2022 and 2021, the Company paid Series
 D Preferred Stock dividends of 0.4 million.

Bankers Fidelity Life Insurance Company BFLIC is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta FHLB ), for the primary purpose of enhancing financial flexibility. As a member, BFLIC can
 obtain access to low-cost funding and also receive dividends on FHLB stock. The membership arrangement provides for credit availability of five percent of statutory admitted assets, or approximately 7.9 million, as of December 31, 2022. Additional
 FHLB stock purchases may be required based upon the amount of funds borrowed from the FHLB. As of December 31, 2022, BFLIC has pledged bonds having an amortized cost of 7.2 million to the FHLB. BFLIC may be required to post additional acceptable
 forms of collateral for any borrowings that it makes in the future from the FHLB. As of December 31, 2022, BFLIC does not have any outstanding borrowings from the FHLB.

20 

Table of Contents 

On May 12, 2021, the Company entered into a Revolving Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with Truist Bank as the lender (the Lender ). The Credit Agreement provides for an unsecured 10
 million revolving credit facility that matures on April 12, 2024. Under the Credit Agreement, the Company will pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of outstanding revolving loans at the LIBOR Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus
 2.00 , subject to a LIBOR floor rate of 1.00 .

The Credit Agreement requires the Company to comply with certain covenants, including a debt to capital ratio that restricts the Company from incurring consolidated indebtedness that exceeds 35 of
 the Company s consolidated capitalization at any time. The Credit Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties and events of default. Events of default include, among others, (a) the failure by the Company to pay any amounts
 owed under the Credit Agreement when due, (b) the failure to perform and not timely remedy certain covenants, (c) a change in control of the Company and (d) the occurrence of bankruptcy or insolvency events. Upon an event of default, the Lender
 may, among other things, declare all obligations under the Credit Agreement immediately due and payable and terminate the revolving commitments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding borrowings of 2.0 million under the Credit
 Agreement.

Cash and cash equivalents increased from 24.8 million at December 31, 2021 to 28.9 million at December 31, 2022. The increase in cash and cash equivalents during 2022 was primarily attributable
 to an increase in net cash provided by operating activities of 6.5 million. Also contributing to the increase in cash and cash equivalents were proceeds from the revolving credit facility of 2.0 million. Partially offsetting the increase in cash
 and cash equivalents was net cash used in investing activities of 3.4 million primarily as a result of investment purchases exceeding investment sales and maturity of securities. Also partially offsetting the increase were dividends paid on common
 stock of 0.4 million and dividends paid on the Company s Series D Preferred Stock of 0.4 million.

The Company believes that existing cash balances as well as the dividends, fees, and tax-sharing payments it expects to receive from its subsidiaries and, if needed, additional borrowings from
 financial institutions, will enable the Company to meet its liquidity requirements for the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Management is not aware of any current recommendations by regulatory authorities, which, if
 implemented, would have a material adverse effect on the Company s liquidity, capital resources or operations.

New Accounting Pronouncements

See Recently Issued Accounting Standards in Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Impact of Inflation

Insurance premiums are established before the amount of losses and loss adjustment expenses, or the extent to which inflation may affect such losses and expenses, are known. Consequently, in
 establishing its premiums, the Company attempts to anticipate the potential impact of inflation. If, for competitive reasons, premiums cannot be increased to anticipate inflation, this cost would be absorbed by the Company. Inflation also affects
 the rate of investment return on the Company s investment portfolio with a corresponding effect on investment income. To date, inflation has not had a material effect on the Company s results of operations in any of the periods presented.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

As a smaller reporting company, we have elected to comply with certain scaled disclosure reporting obligations, and therefore are not providing the information required by this Item.

21 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Page

ATLANTIC AMERICAN CORPORATION

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (f/k/a Dixon Hughes Goodman, LLP), , PCAOB Firm ID No. 

23

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

25

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

26

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

27

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

28

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

29

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

30 

22 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Board of Directors and Shareholders

Atlantic American Corporation

Atlanta, Georgia

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Atlantic American Corporation and subsidiaries (the
 Company) as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 , and the related consolidated
 statements of operations, comprehensive loss , shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and schedules (collectively, referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
 material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 , in conformity with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP).

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
 financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the
 U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of internal control over financial
 reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
 used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
 or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of
 critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
 accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Valuation of Insurance Reserves for Losses and Claims (Claim Reserves)

As reflected on the consolidated balance sheet and discussed in Note 5 to the financial statements, the Company s insurance reserves for losses and
 claims (claim reserves), were 87.5 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company s claim reserves relate primarily to its property casualty lines of business and Medicare supplement business. The process of establishing claim reserves requires the
 use of estimates and judgments based on circumstances underlying the insured loss at the date of accrual. Management s judgments include claims adjusters evaluations for unpaid claims reported prior to the close of the accounting period, estimates
 of incurred but not reported (IBNR) claims based on past experience and estimates of loss adjustment expenses.

The principal considerations for our determination that the valuation of claim reserves is a critical audit matter are the high degree of judgment
 and subjectivity in auditing the actuarial methods and assumptions used in the valuation process, including assumptions around expected loss ratios and reported and paid loss emergence patterns.

23 

Table of Contents 

Addressing the matter involved performing the following audit procedures, among others:

Involving our actuarial specialists to assist in our procedures in:

o

Evaluating the appropriateness of management s actuarial reserving methodologies and assumptions;

o

Evaluating management s hindsight analyses;

o

Comparing management s carried reserve to the range calculated by management s specialist for property casualty claim reserves;

Testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management that served as the basis for the actuarial analyses on a sample basis; and

Evaluating movement of the Company s recorded property casualty claim reserves within the Company s estimated reserve range year over year.

Valuation of Insurance Reserves for Future Policy Benefits (Policy Reserves)

As reflected on the consolidated balance sheet and discussed in Note 5 to the financial statements, the Company s insurance reserves for future
 policy benefits (policy reserves) were 85.6 million as of December 31, 2022. Policy reserves are related to life and health insurance policies and are based upon significant assumptions including future investment yields, mortality rates,
 withdrawal rates and expenses after giving effect to possible risks of unexpected claim experience. These assumptions are based on historical experience modified as necessary to reflect anticipated trends and are generally established at contract
 inception.

The principal considerations for our determination that the valuation of policy reserves is a critical audit matter are the high degree of judgment
 required to assess certain assumptions that impact policy reserves and the complexity of the actuarial calculations. 

Addressing the matter involved performing the following audit procedures, among others:

Involving our actuarial specialists to assist in our procedures in:

o

Evaluating whether the methodology applied by management is consistent in the aggregate with the methodology compliant with US GAAP;

o

Assessing the significant assumptions used by management for new insurance contracts issued during the current year by comparing the significant
 assumptions noted above to historical experience, observable market data or management s estimates of prospective changes to these assumptions;

o

Reviewing benefit reserve replication workbooks prepared by management for a sample of contracts; and 

o

Evaluating management s loss recognition testing of aggregate reserve sufficiency.

Testing the completeness and accuracy of data used by management in developing assumptions on a sample basis.

Actuarial System Conversion

During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company commenced a conversion of the actuarial system for its Medicare Supplement line of
 business. The system generates data used in several financial statement accounts including reinsurance receivables, deferred acquisition costs (DAC), future policy benefits, unearned premiums, insurance benefits and losses incurred and
 commission and underwriting expenses. 

The principal considerations for our determination that the actuarial system conversion is a critical audit matter included auditing the
 financial statement accounts affected by the system conversion required increased auditor effort and significant auditor judgement, including the assistance of actuarial specialists, to design and execute the incremental audit procedures over the
 importation of policy and other data from the old system to the new system and the configuration of the new system. Also included in our principal considerations for determining this as a critical audit matter was the identified material weakness
 associated with certain ineffective process level controls over the development, testing, and implementation of its actuarial models used to estimate certain balances in its Medicare Supplement line of business. 

Addressing the matter involved the following audit procedures, among others:

Obtaining an understanding of the processes and controls implemented by management to:

o 

Ensure the proper implementation of the new actuarial valuation system;

o 

Ensure data was imported into the new actuarial valuation system completely and accurately; and

o 

Ensure that the outputs from the new actuarial valuation system were accurate.

Testing the completeness and accuracy of the data used by management in the new actuarial valuation system on a sample basis.

Involving our actuarial specialists to assist in our procedures in:

o 

Evaluating whether the methodology and assumptions applied by management in the new valuation system was consistent in the aggregate with the
 methodology compliant with GAAP;

o 

Reviewing benefit reserve and DAC replication workbooks prepared by management for a sample of contracts; and

o 

Comparing and analyzing the outputs from the new actuarial valuation system to the outputs from the legacy actuarial valuation system.

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018.

/s/ (Formerly, Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP)

Atlanta, GA 

June 30, 2023

24 

Table of Contents 

ATLANTIC AMERICAN CORPORATION

CONSOLIDATED 
 BALANCE SHEETS

December 31,

2022 

2021 

(In thousands,

 except share and per

 share data)

ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents

Investments:

Fixed maturities, available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost: 
 and 

Equity securities, at fair value (cost: and 

Other invested assets (cost: and 

Policy loans

Real estate

Investment in unconsolidated trusts

Total investments

Receivables:

Reinsurance

Insurance premiums and other, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and
 as of 2022 
 and 2021 , respectively

Deferred income taxes, net

Deferred acquisition costs

Other assets

Intangibles

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Insurance reserves and policyholder funds

Future policy benefits

Unearned premiums

Losses and claims

Other policy liabilities

Total insurance reserves and policyholder funds

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Revolving credit facility

Junior subordinated debenture obligations, net

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (Note 17)

Shareholders equity:

Preferred stock, par, shares authorized; Series D preferred, 
 shares issued and outstanding; redemption value

Common stock, par, shares authorized; shares
 issued; and 
 shares outstanding as of 2022 and 2021 , respectively

Additional paid-in capital

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Unearned stock grant compensation

Treasury stock, at cost, and shares as of 2022 and 2021 , respectively

Total shareholders equity

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

25 

Table of Contents 

ATLANTIC AMERICAN CORPORATION

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

Year Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

(In thousands,

 except per share data)

Revenue:

Insurance premiums, net

Net investment income

Realized investment gains, net

Unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities, net

Other income

Total revenue

Benefits and expenses:

Insurance benefits and losses incurred

Commissions and underwriting expenses

Interest expense

Other expense

Total benefits and expenses

Income before income taxes

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Preferred stock dividends

Net income applicable to common shareholders

Earnings per common share (basic and diluted)

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

26 

Table of Contents 

ATLANTIC AMERICAN CORPORATION

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF 
 COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Year Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

(In thousands)

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss:

Available-for-sale fixed maturity securities: 

Gross unrealized holding loss arising in the period

Related income tax effect

Subtotal

Less: reclassification adjustment for net realized gains included in net income 

Related income tax effect

Subtotal

Total other comprehensive loss, net of tax

Total comprehensive loss 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

27 

Table of Contents 

ATLANTIC AMERICAN CORPORATION

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF 
 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Year Ended December 31,

(In thousands, except share and per share data)

2022 

2021 

Preferred stock:

Balance, beginning of year

Balance, end of year

Common stock:

Balance, beginning of year

Balance, end of year

Additional paid-in capital:

Balance, beginning of year

Restricted stock grants, net of forfeitures 

Issuance of shares under stock plans

Balance, end of year

Retained earnings:

Balance, beginning of year

Net income 

Dividends on common stock

Dividends accrued on preferred stock

Balance, end of year

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss):

Balance, beginning of year

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax

Balance, end of year

Unearned stock grant compensation:

Balance, beginning of year

Restricted stock grants, net of forfeitures 

Amortization of unearned compensation

Balance, end of year

Treasury stock:

Balance, beginning of year

Restricted stock grants, net of forfeitures

Net shares acquired related to employee share-based compensation plans

Issuance of shares under stock plans

Balance, end of year

Total shareholders equity

Dividends declared on common stock per share

Common shares outstanding:

Balance, beginning of year

Net shares acquired under employee share-based compensation plans

Issuance of shares under stock plans

Restricted stock grants, net of forfeitures

Balance, end of year

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

28 

Table of Contents 

ATLANTIC AMERICAN CORPORATION

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF 
 CASH FLOWS

Year Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

(In thousands)

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net Income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Amortization of deferred acquisition costs

Acquisition costs deferred

Realized investment gains, net

Unrealized losses (gains) on equity securities, net

(Earnings) loss from equity method investees

Compensation expense related to share awards

Depreciation and amortization

Deferred income tax benefit

Decrease in receivables, net

Increase in insurance reserves and policyholder funds

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses

Other, net

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Proceeds from investments sold

Proceeds from investments matured, called or redeemed

Investments purchased

Additions to property and equipment

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Payment of dividends on Series D preferred stock

Payment of dividends on common stock

Proceeds from shares issued under stock plans

Treasury stock acquired net employee share-based compensation

Proceeds from revolving credit facility, net

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

Net increase in cash

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

Supplemental cash flow information:

Cash paid for interest

Cash paid for income taxes

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

29 

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(Dollars in thousands)

insurance subsidiaries, Bankers Fidelity Life Insurance Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Bankers Fidelity Assurance Company and Atlantic Capital Life Assurance Company (together known as Bankers Fidelity ), and American Southern
 Insurance Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, American Safety Insurance Company. American Southern Insurance Company also wholly-owned 
 non-insurance subsidiaries, Premier Adjusting and Claim Services, Inc., Automobile Safety Management, Inc. and Automated Systems of Georgia, Inc. (together with American Southern Insurance Company and American Safety Insurance Company known as
 American Southern ). In addition, the Parent owned non-insurance subsidiary, xCalibre Risk Services, Inc. The Parent has issued a
 guarantee of all liabilities of Bankers Fidelity.

impairment of the Company s recorded intangibles was identified during any of the periods presented.

30 

Table of Contents 

excess of retention; and automobile liability and general liability - excess coverage of million less retentions that may vary from to depending on the account. American Southern maintains a property catastrophe treaty with a million limit excess of retention. American
 Southern also issues individual surety bonds with face amounts generally up to million, and limited to million in aggregate per account, that are not reinsured. 

.
 At December 31, 2022, million of the million of life insurance in force at Bankers Fidelity was reinsured under a mix of coinsurance and yearly renewable term agreements. Certain prior year reinsurance agreements also remain in force
 although they no longer provide reinsurance for new business. 

of all new Medicare supplement business issued by the
 Company on amounts up to a maximum retention of million of annualized premium. Accordingly, million of the Company s 
 million of new annualized Medicare supplement premium was ceded. 

31 

Table of Contents 

32 

Table of Contents 

million to reflect the impact of recognizing expected credit losses, as compared to incurred credit losses recognized under the previous guidance. This adjustment is
 primarily associated with reinsurance recoverables, premium and other receivables. The cumulative effect adjustment decreased retained earnings as of January 1, 2023 and increased the allowance for estimated uncollectible reinsurance.

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Corporate securities:

Utilities and telecom

Financial services

Other business diversified

Other consumer diversified

Total corporate securities

Redeemable preferred stocks:

Other consumer diversified

Total redeemable preferred stocks

Total fixed maturities

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Corporate securities:

Utilities and telecom

Financial services

Other business diversified

Other consumer diversified

Total corporate securities

Redeemable preferred stocks:

Other consumer diversified

Total redeemable preferred stocks

Total fixed maturities

33 

Table of Contents 

and and included in the tables above were on deposit with insurance regulatory authorities at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively, in accordance with statutory requirements. Additionally, bonds having an amortized cost of and and included in the tables above were pledged as collateral to FHLB at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Other business diversified

Total equity securities

Other business diversified

Total equity securities

Due after one year through five years

Due after five years through ten years

Due after ten years

Asset backed securities

Totals

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

Corporate securities

Total temporarily impaired securities

34 

Table of Contents 

Corporate securities

Total temporarily impaired securities

OTTI charges
 recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

and securities, respectively, in an unrealized loss position which primarily included certain of the Company s investments in fixed
 maturities within the financial services, other diversified business and other diversified consumer sectors. The increase in the number and value of securities in an unrealized loss position during the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily
 attributable to a decline in market values in certain of the Company s fixed maturity securities as a result of a rising interest rate environment. The Company does not currently intend to sell nor does it expect to be required to sell any of
 the securities in an unrealized loss position. Based upon the Company s expected continuation of receipt of contractually required principal and interest payments and its intent and ability to retain the securities until price recovery, as well
 as the Company s evaluation of other relevant factors, including those described above, the Company has deemed these securities to be temporarily impaired as of December 31, 2022.

Equity securities

Other

Investment expenses

Net investment income

Losses

Realized investment gains, net

Losses

Realized investment gains, net

35 

Table of Contents 

Gross gains

Gross losses

Gross gains

Gross losses

Gross gains

Gross losses

Less: Net realized gains recognized during the period on equity securities sold during the period

Unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities, net

investment grade securities, as defined by the NAIC, at December 31, 2022.

and 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s VIE interests, carried as a part of investment in unconsolidated trusts, totaled 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

and , at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had outstanding commitments totaling and , respectively, whereby the Company is committed to fund these investments and may be called by the partnership during the commitment period to fund the purchase of new
 investments and partnership expenses.

36 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the value of the equity security valued using Level 3 criteria was and , respectively. The equity security is
 not traded and valued at cost. The use of different criteria or assumptions regarding data may have yielded materially different valuations.

37 

Table of Contents 

Equity securities

Cash equivalents

Total

Equity securities

Cash equivalents

Total

Fixed maturities

(1) 

Equity securities

(1) 

Other invested assets

Level 3

Policy loans

Level 2

Investments in unconsolidated trusts

Level 2

Liabilities:

Junior subordinated debentures, net

Level 2

Revolving credit facility 

Level 2

Capitalization

Amortization

Balance, end of year

38 

Table of Contents 

from the effective date with a renewal term of an additional
 . 

term of the hosting arrangement, when the software is substantially ready for its intended use. The Company
 incurred and capitalized implementation costs of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As a result, the Company has capitalized in implementation costs in other assets in its condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The Company expects the software will be substantially ready for its
 intended use during 2023. Accordingly, the Company has t recorded any amortization expense related to software implementation costs
 for year ended December 31, 2022.

Group life

Accident and health insurance policies

Unearned premiums

Losses, claims and loss adjustment expenses

Other policy liabilities

Total insurance reserves and policyholder funds

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

to for issues , (ii) to for issues,
 (iii) for 
 issues, (iv) to 
 for issues, (v) 
 for issues, (vi) 
 to for 
 issues, and (vii) for 
 and issues.

39 

Table of Contents 

Less: Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses

Net balance at January 1

Incurred related to:

Current year

Prior years

(1) 

(2) 

Total incurred

Paid related to:

Current year

Prior years

Total paid

Net balance at December 31

Plus: Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses

Balance at December 31

Cash surrender value and matured endowments

Benefit reserve changes

Total insurance benefits and losses incurred

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

40 

Table of Contents 

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Liabilities for losses, claims and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Liabilities for losses, claims and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance

41 

Table of Contents 

2019

2020

2021

2022

2019

2020

2021

2022

Liabilities for losses, claims and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance

Liabilities for losses, claims and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance

42 

Table of Contents 

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance

Liabilities for losses, claims and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance

.
 As new information becomes available or payments are made on a claim, the case reserve is adjusted to reflect the revised estimate of the ultimate amount to be paid out. Estimates and assumptions pertaining to individual claims are based on
 complex and subjective judgments and subject to change at any time as new information becomes available.

43 

Table of Contents 

Automobile Liability

- 

Automobile Physical Damage

- 

- 

General Liability

Surety

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Automobile Liability

Automobile Physical Damage

General Liability

Surety

Other short-duration insurance lines

Liabilities for unpaid losses, claims and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance

Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses:

Medicare Supplement

Automobile Liability

Automobile Physical Damage

General Liability

Other short-duration insurance lines

Total reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses

Unallocated claims adjustment expenses

Total gross liability for unpaid losses, claims and loss adjustment expenses

of the Company s reinsurance recoverables were due from a single reinsurer as of December 31, 2022. Reinsurance recoverables of were due from General Re Corporation, rated AA+ by Standard Poor s and A++ (Superior) by A.M. Best. Allowances for uncollectible amounts are established against
 reinsurance recoverables, if appropriate.

44 

Table of Contents 

Assumed premiums written

Ceded premiums written

Net premiums written

Direct premiums earned

Assumed premiums earned

Ceded premiums earned

Net premiums earned

Provision for benefits and losses incurred

Reinsurance loss recoveries

Insurance benefits and losses incurred

Assumed premiums written

Ceded premiums written

Net premiums written

Direct premiums earned

Assumed premiums earned

Ceded premiums earned

Net premiums earned

Provision for benefits and losses incurred

Reinsurance loss recoveries

Insurance benefits and losses incurred

Recoverable on unpaid benefits

Recoverable on paid losses

Ceded unearned premiums

Ceded advanced premiums

Total reinsurance receivables

Recoverable on unpaid benefits

Recoverable on paid losses

Ceded unearned premiums

Ceded advanced premiums

Total reinsurance receivables

45 

Table of Contents 

Tax benefit on components of shareholders equity:

Net unrealized losses on investment securities

Total tax benefit

Statutory rate

Dividends-received deduction

Meals and entertainment

Vested stock and club dues

Parking disallowance

Penalties and fines

Adjustment for prior years estimates to actual

Income tax expense 

Effective tax rate

. Also contributing to differences between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory income tax rate were the
 adjustment for prior years estimates to actual that are generally updated at the completion of the third quarter of each fiscal year and were 
 in the year ended December 31, 2022. Other contributing factors to the differences between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory income tax rate were permanent differences related to meals and entertainment and the dividends-received
 deduction DRD ). The current estimated DRD is adjusted as underlying factors change and can vary from estimates based on, but not limited to, actual distributions from investments as well as the amount of the Company s taxable income. 

in the year ended December 31, 2021.
 Also contributing to differences between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory income tax rate were permanent differences related to meals and entertainment and vested stock and club dues. Another contributing factor was the DRD. 

Net unrealized investment losses

Insurance reserves

Impaired assets

Bad debts and other

Total deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Deferred and uncollected premiums

Net unrealized investment gains

Other

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

46 

Table of Contents 

Deferred Federal

Total

revolving credit facility that matures on . Under the Credit Agreement, the Company will pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of outstanding revolving loans at the LIBOR Rate (as defined in the Credit
 Agreement) plus , subject to a LIBOR floor rate of . 

of the Company s consolidated capitalization at any time. The Credit Agreement also contains customary
 representations and warranties and events of default. Events of default include, among others, (a) the failure by the Company to pay any amounts owed under the Credit Agreement when due, (b) the failure to perform and not timely remedy
 certain covenants, (c) a change in control of the Company and (d) the occurrence of bankruptcy or insolvency events. Upon an event of default, the Lender may, among other things, declare all obligations under the Credit Agreement immediately
 due and payable and terminate the revolving commitments. As of December 31 2022, the Company had outstanding borrowings of under the Credit
 Agreement. 

unconsolidated
 Connecticut statutory business trusts, which exist for the exclusive purposes of: (i) issuing trust preferred securities Trust Preferred Securities representing undivided beneficial interests in the assets of the trusts; (ii) investing the
 gross proceeds of the Trust Preferred Securities in junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures Junior Subordinated Debentures of Atlantic American; and (iii) engaging in those activities necessary or incidental thereto. At December
 31, 2022, the effective interest rate was .

Less: Treasury debt (3) 

Net balance December 31, 2022 

Net balance December 31, 2021 

Coupon rate

LIBOR + 

LIBOR 
 + 

Interest payable

Maturity date

Redeemable by issuer

TRUST PREFERRED SECURITIES

Issuance date

Securities issued

Liquidation preference per security

Liquidation value

Coupon rate

LIBOR + 

LIBOR + 

Distribution payable

Distribution guaranteed by (4) 

47 

Table of Contents 

consecutive quarters up to the
 debentures respective maturity dates. During any such period, interest will continue to accrue and the Company may not declare or pay any cash dividends or distributions on, or purchase, the Company s common stock nor make any principal,
 interest or premium payments on or repurchase any debt securities that rank equally with or junior to the Junior Subordinated Debentures. The Company has the right at any time to dissolve each of the trusts and cause the Junior
 Subordinated Debentures to be distributed to the holders of the Trust Preferred Securities. 

of the Junior Subordinated Debentures. 

operating
 lease agreements, each for the use of office space in the ordinary course of business. The first lease renews annually on an automatic basis and based on original assumptions, management is reasonably certain to exercise the renewal option
 through 2026. The original term of the second lease was and amended in January 2017 to provide for an additional , with a termination date on September 30, 2026. The rate used in determining the present value of lease payments is based upon an estimate
 of the Company s incremental secured borrowing rate commensurate with the term of the underlying lease.

.

Right-of-use assets included in other assets on the consolidated
 balance sheet

Weighted average discount rate

Weighted average remaining lease term in years

years 

years 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter

Total undiscounted lease payments

Less: present value adjustment

Operating lease liability included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 on the consolidated balance sheet

stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units and other awards for the purpose of providing the Company s non-employee directors, consultants, officers and other
 employees incentives and rewards for performance and service. During the year ended 2022, a total of restricted shares, with
 an estimated fair value of were issued under the 2012 Plan. During 2021, there were restricted shares issued under the 2012 Plan. The estimated fair value of the restricted shares issued under the 2012 Plan during 2022 was based on the common stock
 price at date of grant. Stock grants are generally issued from treasury shares. Vesting of restricted shares generally occurs after a one 
 to period following the date of grant. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. There were stock options granted or outstanding under the 2012 Plan in 2022 or 2021. Shares available for future grant under the 2012 Plan at December
 31, 2021 were . The 2012 Plan expired on April 30, 2022, after its effective date. As such, grants have
 been or will be made under the 2012 Plan on or after its expiration, but outstanding awards granted thereunder will continue in accordance with their terms. 

48 

Table of Contents 

stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units and other awards, and succeeded the
 2012 Plan for the purpose of providing the Company s non-employee directors, consultants, officers and other employees incentives and rewards for performance and service. During the year ended 2022, a total of restricted shares, with an estimated fair value of were issued under the 2022 Plan. Vesting of restricted shares generally occurs after a one 
 to period following the date of grant. Shares available for future grant under the 2022 Plan at December 31, 2022 were . 

of their compensation, not to exceed the annual deferral limit. The Company s total matching contribution for 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, and
 consisted of a contribution equal to of up to the first of each participant s contributions. In addition to the matching contribution, the Company also provided a safe harbor non-elective contribution in 2022 and 2021 of and , respectively. All contributions were made in cash. Participants are 100 vested in their own contributions and the vested percentage attributable
 to certain employer contributions is based on a graded schedule.

shares
 of Series D preferred stock Series D Preferred Stock outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock are held by an affiliate of the Company s controlling shareholder. The outstanding
 shares of Series D Preferred Stock have a par value of per share and a redemption value of per share; accrue annual dividends at a rate of per share (payable in cash or shares of the Company s common stock at the option of the board of directors of the Company) and are cumulative. In certain circumstances, the shares of
 the Series D Preferred Stock may be convertible into an aggregate of approximately shares of the Company s common stock,
 subject to certain adjustments and provided that such adjustments do not result in the Company issuing more than approximately 
 shares of common stock without obtaining prior shareholder approval; and are redeemable solely at the Company s option. The Series D Preferred Stock is not currently convertible. The Company had accrued, but unpaid, dividends, on the Series D
 Preferred Stock of at December 31, 2022 and 2021. During each of 2022 and 2021, the Company paid Series D Preferred Stock
 dividends of .

49 

Table of Contents 

-

Less preferred stock dividends

Net income applicable to common shareholders

-

Less preferred stock dividends

Net income applicable to common shareholders

American Southern, net income

Statutory net income 

Bankers Fidelity, capital and surplus

American Southern, capital and surplus

Statutory capital and surplus

and in the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively, from its subsidiaries. In 2022,
 dividend payments to the Parent by the insurance subsidiaries in excess of would require prior approval.

50 

Table of Contents 

members of the Company s board of directors, including the Company s Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, were considered to be affiliates of the majority
 shareholder.

square feet of office and covered garage space from one such controlled entity. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid 
 and , respectively, under this lease. In December 2022, Delta Life Insurance Company, the owner of the building, transferred title
 to the building to 4370 Peachtree LLC. Each of Delta Life Insurance Company and 4370 Peachtree LLC is controlled by an affiliate of the Company. Additionally, as of December 31, 2021, Delta Life Insurance Company owned shares of the Company s common stock. 
 shares of the Company s common stock were owned by Delta Life Insurance Company as of December 31, 2022.

in dividends on the Series D Preferred
 Stock.

shares of Gray Class A common stock and shares of Gray common stock. The aggregate carrying value of these investments in Gray at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively.

and in insurance premiums related to certain
 voluntary employee benefit plans.

Insurance benefits and losses incurred

Expenses deferred

Amortization and depreciation expense

Other expenses

Total expenses

Underwriting income 

Net investment income (loss) 

Other income (loss) 

Subtotal 

Net realized gains (losses) 

Unrealized losses on equity securities

Income (loss) before income taxes

Total revenues

Intangibles

Total assets

51 

Table of Contents 

Insurance benefits and losses incurred

Expenses deferred

Amortization and depreciation expense

Other expenses

Total expenses

Underwriting income (loss) 

Net investment income (loss) 

Other income (loss) 

Subtotal 

Net realized gains 

Unrealized gains on equity securities

Income (loss) before income taxes

Total revenues

Intangibles

Total assets

52 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. The Company s internal control over financial reporting
 system has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Management recognizes that there are
 inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control system. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Furthermore, the application of any evaluations of
 effectiveness on future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore, even those systems determined
 to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.

As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation, management,
 including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of that date due to a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described below.

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
 of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in the updated 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework . Based on that evaluation, management believes that internal control over
 financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) was not effective as of December 31, 2022, as a result of the material weakness described below. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in
 internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

As a result of management s evaluation, we identified certain deficiencies in internal control that we believe rise to the level of a material weakness. Specifically, management determined that
 certain process controls over the development, testing, and implementation of our actuarial models used to estimate certain values in the Medicare supplement line of business within our life and health segment were not effective and the related
 management review controls did not operate at an appropriate level of precision to identify anomalies in results timely enough to allow management to respond without delays in our financial reporting process. Notwithstanding these deficiencies,
 management believes that, as a result of the actions taken by management to address and correct these deficiencies prior to the completion and filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the effective operation of other internal controls over
 financial reporting, the material weakness did not result in any identified material misstatements to our financial statements. As a result, there were no changes to any of our historical financial statements.

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was
 not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to certain rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that exempt non-accelerated filers, including the Company, from such requirement.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The Company has implemented changes in processes that include enhanced controls over the development, testing, and implementation of actuarial models, and additional controls over the reporting of
 the financial information that is obtained from these models. Specifically, the Company has taken the following actions:

Developed enhanced documentation of the product parameters and assumptions used in actuarial models and enhanced controls over their testing and implementation in the models.

Improved reconciliations of the policyholder data between the source administrative systems and the actuarial models.

Implemented additional controls over the reporting processes including enhanced analytical procedures and establishing a second independent reviewer.

Hired additional actuarial staff to assist with actuarial model implementation and actuarial valuation.

53 

Table of Contents 

Except for the changes described above, which were initiated during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, and continued into the six months ending June 30, 2023, there were no changes in the Company s
 internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

No system of controls, no matter how well designed and implemented, can provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of controls are met. Furthermore, no evaluation of controls can
 provide absolute assurance that all control issues and any instances of fraud within a company have been detected.

Item 9B. 

Other Information

None.

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

54 

Table of Contents 

PART III

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The following sets forth the names, ages, positions, and biographies as of June 1, 2023 of the members of the Company s Board of Directors
 and the Company s executive officers : 

Name

Age

Position with the Company

Hilton H. Howell, Jr

61

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

Robin R. Howell

58

Director

Mark E. Preisinger

63

Director

Joseph M. Scheerer

48

Director

Scott G. Thompson

78

Director

D. Keehln Wheeler

62

Director

J. Ross Franklin 

45 

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

The biographies below contain information regarding, as applicable, the person s service to the Company, business,
 educational, and other professional experience, director positions with any other publicly traded company held currently or at any time during the last five years, information regarding involvement in certain legal or administrative proceedings, if
 applicable, during the last ten years, and for Directors, the experiences, qualifications, attributes or skills that caused the Board to determine that the person
 should be nominated to serve as a Director of the Company. The Company believes that the backgrounds and qualifications of its Directors, considered as a group at any time, should provide diverse business and professional capabilities, along with the
 experience, knowledge and other abilities that will allow the Board to effectively fulfill its responsibilities.

Mr. Howell has been President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since May 1995 and prior thereto served as Executive Vice President of the Company from October 1992 to May 1995. During his
 tenure with the Company, Mr. Howell has also served in various capacities for the Company s subsidiaries. He is actively engaged in key decision making of each of the Company s operating subsidiaries and has longstanding relationships with not only
 the Company s employees but a significant number of the Company s subsidiaries independent agents. He has been a Director of the Company since October 1992 and, beginning in February 2009, assumed the role of Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr.
 Howell also serves as the executive chairman and chief executive officer, and a director, of Gray Television, Inc., a leading media company. Given the size of the Company and the scope of its operations, the Board of Directors has concluded that
 Mr. Howell, due to his high level of involvement, can serve effectively in the dual role of Chairman of the Board and President and Chief Executive Officer. In addition to being very familiar with our Company, Mr. Howell is also a former attorney,
 which background provides additional perspective to the decisions facing not only our Company but also the Board of Directors. Mr. Howell has also been actively involved in various segments of the insurance industry throughout his career, resulting
 in significant depth and breadth of industry knowledge, which is beneficial to the Board of Directors. Mr. Howell is the son-in-law of Harriett J. Robinson, a greater than 5 holder of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company, and is
 also Mrs. Howell s husband.

55 

Table of Contents 

Mrs. Howell has been a Director of the Company since May 2012. She has served as Vice President and a Director of both Delta Life Insurance Company and Delta Fire Casualty Insurance Company
 since 1992. Mrs. Howell also serves on the board of Gray Television, Inc. She is a former Chairman of the Board of Farmer s and Merchant s Bank and a former director of Premier Bancshares, Inc. She received a BA in Economics from the University of
 Virginia and a Masters of Business Administration from the University of Texas at Austin, and she has held a number of management and oversight roles in various businesses in which her family maintains an interest. Mrs. Howell is active in the
 community, including having served as Chair of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee of the High Museum of Art, on the Governing Board of the Woodruff Arts Center, and as a member of the Forward Arts Foundation. Mrs. Howell s experience in
 board matters and the insurance industry and involvement at the executive level in various businesses is invaluable to the Board, and her numerous civic, social and academic associations provides valuable insight for the Company and elevates the
 Company s profile in the community. Mrs. Howell is the wife of Mr. Howell and the daughter of Mrs. Robinson.

Mr. Preisinger has been a Director of the Company since March 2016. He is the Director of Corporate Governance for The Coca-Cola Company, a total beverage company with products sold in more than 200
 countries and territories. In this capacity his responsibilities include coordinating engagement between the company and its institutional and retail shareholders, with a primary focus on corporate governance, environmental and social issues. He
 joined The Coca-Cola Company in 1984 and has managed a variety of domestic and international assignments for the business. Mr. Preisinger serves on the Advisory Board for the Ira M. Millstein Center for Global Markets and Corporate Ownership at
 Columbia Law School and is an Emeritus member of the Advisory Board of the Weinberg Center for Corporate Governance at the University of Delaware. He is a past member of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Advisory Board and the Board of
 Governors of the International Corporate Governance Network. He is also a past Co-Chairman of the Council of Institutional Investors and he has been listed on the NACD 100 most influential people in the boardroom. The Board believes Mr. Preisinger s
 significant experience and insight into executive and corporate governance matters will greatly benefit the Board and complement its perspectives.

Mr. Scheerer has been a Director of the Company since December 2014. Mr. Scheerer is the Chief Executive Officer of Stonybrook Capital, LLC, which was founded in 2012 and is a specialist merchant
 bank focused on the insurance industry. Mr. Scheerer is also an active investor in the insurance sector, and is a frequent speaker on the state of the insurance and reinsurance industries. Mr. Scheerer previously served on the board of directors of
 Insurance Acquisition Corporation and on its compensation committee. He is also the chairman of the investment and advisory committee of the Inter-Atlantic Stonybrook Insurance Technology fund. Mr. Scheerer graduated from the University of
 Pennsylvania with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and International Relations. His extensive knowledge of the insurance industry provides valuable insight and perspective to the Board and is also a benefit and resource for management.

Mr. Thompson has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of American Southern Insurance Company, a subsidiary of the Company, since 2004; prior thereto he had been the President and Chief
 Financial Officer of that company since 1984. He has been a Director of the Company since February 1996. Mr. Thompson is a certified public accountant and has been employed by American Southern for substantially his entire career. His insights with
 respect to American Southern s business model, its historical operations and the perspective on its niche products provide valuable insight to the Board of Directors.

Mr. Wheeler has been a Director of the Company since June 2015. He is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of MaxMedia, a digital media marketing and branding agency based in Atlanta, Georgia
 which he founded in 1996. Mr. Wheeler has founded, or was a member of the board of, a number of successful companies. Mr. Wheeler s prior board experience and his executive leadership and success in various digital media marketing and branding
 experiences provide additional expanded perspectives to the Board of Directors.

56 

Table of Contents 

Mr. Franklin has been Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company since November 2017, and prior thereto served as Interim Chief Financial Officer from August 2017 to
 November 2017. Since 2000 he has held various roles of increasing responsibility with Atlantic American and its subsidiaries, previously serving as Vice President, Accounting and Treasurer of Bankers Fidelity since 2009.

Board Leadership and Structure, and Risk Oversight

The Company is a controlled company and has historically experienced limited turnover in its senior management and Board of Directors. The Company maintains a board leadership structure under which
 our President and Chief Executive Officer CEO also serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors. We believe that the Company, like many other publicly-traded and private companies, is well-served by this leadership structure. Having one
 person serve as both CEO and Chairman of the Board demonstrates for our employees, agents, suppliers, customers and other shareholders that our Company is under strong leadership, with a single person setting the tone and having primary
 responsibility for managing our operations and guiding our strategic efforts. We believe having a single leader for both the Company and the Board of Directors eliminates the potential for confusion or duplication of efforts, and provides clear
 direction and leadership for our Company. We believe that having one person serve as CEO and Chairman of the Board is appropriate and in the best interests of our Company and our shareholders at this time.

The Board has not formally designated a lead independent director and believes that as a result thereof, executive sessions of the Board, which are attended solely by independent directors, result in
 an open and free flow of discussion of any and all matters that any director may believe relevant to the Company and/or its management.

The Company believes that its leadership structure appropriately allows all directors to effectively participate in the provision of risk oversight. While the Board maintains oversight responsibility
 for the management of the Company s risks, it has delegated oversight responsibility for certain areas of potential exposure to its committees. The Audit Committee oversees the accounting and financial reporting processes of the Company, as well as
 legal and compliance matters and risk management. The Audit Committee charter provides that the Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the internal controls of the Company along with its adherence to compliance and regulatory requirements. The
 Audit Committee also reviews and approves all transactions with related parties. On at least a quarterly basis, the Company s Assistant Vice President of Internal Audit provides a comprehensive report to the Audit Committee regarding the Company s
 risk management activities. While the Audit Committee has been delegated primary responsibility for overseeing risk management, our entire Board of Directors is actively involved in overseeing this function for the Company. The full Board also
 engages in periodic discussion with the CEO, Chief Financial Officer CFO ), executive management of each of the Company s operating subsidiaries and other corporate officers as the Board may deem appropriate or desirable. In addition to the roles
 performed by the Audit Committee, the Stock Option and Compensation Committee considers, evaluates and oversees potential risks that may arise through the implementation of our compensation programs and engages directly with all Board members, as and
 if necessary. We do not believe our compensation programs encourage unnecessary or excessive risk taking.

The Company believes that its leadership structure promotes effective Board oversight of risk management because the Board directly, and through its various committees, is regularly provided by
 management the information necessary to appropriately monitor, evaluate and assess the Company s overall risk management.

Pursuant to our bylaws (the Bylaws ), any director who is an independent director under the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market (the NASDAQ Rules and not a member of the family of the
 controlling shareholder of the Company shall offer to resign from the Board upon reaching age 72 and not be eligible to stand for reelection to the Board following such individual having reached age 72, absent a waiver from such requirement, which
 waiver may only be granted by affirmative vote of the majority of the members of the Board, not including the affected member.

Committees of the Board of Directors

As a result of the level of beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by members of the Robinson and Howell families and their affiliates, the Company meets the definition of a controlled company as
 defined pursuant to Rule 5615(c)(1) of the NASDAQ Rules. Accordingly, the Company is exempt from certain requirements of the NASDAQ Rules, including the requirement that a majority of its Board of Directors be independent, as defined in such rules,
 the requirement that director nominees be selected, or recommended for the board s selection, by either a majority of the independent directors or a nominating committee comprised solely of independent directors, and certain requirements relating to
 the determination of executive officer compensation. Notwithstanding this, however, the Board of Directors has determined that the following individuals are independent pursuant to the NASDAQ Rules for purposes of serving as a member of the Board of
 Directors: Mark E. Preisinger, Joseph M. Scheerer and D. Keehln Wheeler.

57 

Table of Contents 

The Board of Directors of the Company has three standing committees: the Executive Committee, the Stock Option and Compensation Committee and the Audit Committee.

The Executive Committee consists of Messrs. Howell and Wheeler, and Mrs. Howell. The Executive Committee s function is to act in the place and stead of the Board of Directors to the extent permitted
 by law on matters which require Board action between meetings of the Board of Directors. The Executive Committee met once during 2022.

The Stock Option and Compensation Committee consists of Messrs. Wheeler, Scheerer and Preisinger (Chairman), who are each independent pursuant to the NASDAQ Rules. The Stock Option and Compensation
 Committee s function is to establish the number of equity incentive awards to be granted to officers and key employees and the annual salaries and bonus amounts payable to executive officers of the Company. The Stock Option and Compensation Committee
 met or acted by written consent two times during 2022. Due to its status as a controlled company pursuant to NASDAQ Rules and the related historically low turnover among Board and Committee members, as well as among the Company s executive
 officers, the Board has not foreseen a need to adopt a written charter to govern the Stock Option and Compensation Committee s functions or to engage a compensation consultant. The committee maintains the sole authority to fulfill its
 responsibilities and has not delegated any responsibilities except that the Committee may from time to time authorize one or more officers of the Company to designate employees (other than executive officers of the Company) to receive awards under
 the Company s 2022 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2022 Plan and to determine the size of such awards, subject to the limitations set forth in the 2022 Plan. During the course of the committee s decision process regarding compensation
 for the executive officers, the committee may seek input from Mr. Howell with respect to the performance of the other officers and other factors to consider in making compensation decisions.

The Audit Committee is currently composed of Messrs. Wheeler (Chairman), Scheerer and Preisinger. The Audit Committee oversees the Company s (i) financial reports and other financial information;
 (ii) systems of internal controls regarding finance, accounting, legal compliance and ethics; and (iii) auditing, accounting and financial reporting processes.

The Board of Directors has determined that all members of the Audit Committee are independent for purposes of being an Audit Committee member, and financially literate, as such terms are defined in
 the NASDAQ Rules and the rules of the SEC. In addition, the Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Scheerer is an audit committee financial expert as defined by the SEC in Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K. In making such determination, the Board
 took into consideration, among other things, the express provision in Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K that the determination that a person is an audit committee financial expert shall not impose any greater responsibility or liability on that person
 than the responsibility and liability imposed on such person as a member of the Audit Committee, nor shall it affect the duties and obligations of other Audit Committee members or the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee has a written charter
 which sets out its authority and responsibilities, a copy of which is available on the Company s website, www.atlam.com. The Audit Committee met four times during 2022.

Due to its status as a controlled company pursuant to NASDAQ Rules and the related historically small turnover of its members, the Board has not historically foreseen the need to establish a separate
 nominating committee or adopt a written charter to govern the director nomination process. The Company s controlling shareholder and the Board of Directors have generally addressed the need to retain members and fill vacancies after discussion among
 current members, or the members of the Executive Committee, if necessary in lieu of the full Board, and the Company s management, with the input from the Company s controlling shareholder. The Board of Directors does not have any specific
 qualifications that are required to be met by director candidates and does not have a formal process for identifying and evaluating director candidates.

Additionally, the Board of Directors does not have a formal policy with respect to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by shareholders and, for the foregoing reasons, has
 determined that it is appropriate not to have such a formal policy at this time. The Board of Directors, however, will give due consideration to director candidates recommended by shareholders. Any shareholder that wishes to nominate a director
 candidate should submit complete information as to the identity and qualifications of the director candidate to the Board of Directors, including all information that would be required to be disclosed about that person in a proxy statement relating
 to the election of directors, at the address and in the manner set forth below for communication with the Board.

Executive sessions of the independent members of the Board of Directors are held as needed and determined by those Directors at the conclusion of each of the regular board meetings, but no less than
 annually at the first regular Board meeting in each calendar year.

The Board of Directors met four times in 2022. Each current Director attended all of the meetings of the Board and its committees of which he or she was a member during 2022. The Company does not
 have a formal policy regarding Director attendance at its annual meetings, but attendance by the Directors is encouraged and expected. At the Company s 2022 annual meeting of shareholders, all of the Company s directors were in attendance.

58 

Table of Contents 

Shareholders may communicate with members of the Board of Directors by mail addressed to the full Board of Directors, a specific member of the Board of Directors or a particular committee of the
 Board of Directors, at Atlantic American Corporation, 4370 Peachtree Road, N.E., Atlanta, Georgia 30319.

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act (as defined below) requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our Common Stock, to file with the SEC reports of
 ownership and changes in ownership of our equity securities. Based upon review of such reports and written representations from such persons, we believe all filing requirements were complied with in a timely manner during 2022, except for one late
 Form 4 filed on December 19, 2022 by Joseph M. Scheerer reporting the acquisition of a grant of restricted stock.

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or any persons
 performing similar functions, as well as its directors and other employees. A copy of this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics has been filed as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

2022 Summary Compensation Table

There is shown below information concerning the annual compensation for services in all capacities to the Company and its subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by the:
 (i) Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and (ii) the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, who are the only executive officers of the Company (together, the named executive officers ):

Name and Principal Position

Year

Salary

 )

Bonus

 ) (1) 

Stock

 Awards

 )

All Other

 Compensation

 )

Total

 ) (2) 

Hilton H. Howell, Jr.

2022

550,000

800,000

-0-

122,516

(3) 

1,472,516

Chairman of the Board,

2021

541,667

675,000

-0-

102,166

1,318,833

President and CEO

J. Ross Franklin 

2022

363,825

300,000

-0-

52,751

(4) 

716,576

Vice President,

2021

341,250

250,000

-0-

50,762

642,012

CFO and Secretary

(1) 

Discretionary bonuses awarded by the Stock Option and Compensation Committee.

(2) 

For Mr. Howell, does not include amounts he may be deemed to have received pursuant to certain related party transactions described below under Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions. 

(3) 

Includes fees paid in cash for serving as a director of the Company and subsidiaries of 95,000 50,000 of which would otherwise be reported in the Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column of the 2022 Director Compensation Table below) and
 401(k) plan employer contributions of 27,450.

(4) 

Includes fees paid in cash for serving as a director of subsidiaries of 18,000 and 401(k) plan employer contributions of 33,855.

Additional Narrative Disclosure

Retirement Benefits

The Company offers a tax-qualified 401(k) plan to its employees, under which participating employees may contribute a portion of their eligible compensation into their plan accounts. Each of the named executive officers
 was eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan during fiscal 2022. The Company makes matching contributions under the 401(k) plan equal to 35 of up to the first 6 of employee contributions, subject to tax-based limitations.

59 

Table of Contents 

Severance and Change in Control Compensation

The Company does not have any arrangements in place with the named executive officers that provide for payments in connection with their termination of service or a change in control of the Company.

Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End

The named executive officers did not hold any outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2022.

Stock Awards

Name

# of Shares or Units of

 Stock That Have Not 

 Vested

Market Value of 

 Shares or Units of Stock 

 That Have Not Vested )

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: # 

 of Unearned Shares, Units or 

 Other Rights That Have Not 

 Vested

Equity Incentive Plan 

 Awards: Market or Payout

 Value of Unearned Shares, 

 Units or Other Rights that 

 Have Not Vested )

Hilton H. Howell, Jr.

- 

-

-

-

J. Ross Franklin

- 

-

-

-

Pay Versus Performance Disclosure

Pay Versus Performance (1) 

Year

 (a)

Summary Compensation 

 Table SCT 

 Total for PEO

 (b)

Compensation 

 Actually Paid 

 to PEO

 (c)(2)

Average 

 Summary Compensation 

 Table Total for Non-PEO Named Executive Officers

 (d)

Average 

 Compensation 

 Actually Paid to Non-PEO 

 Named 

 Executive 

 Officers

 (e)(2)

Value of Initial 

 Fixed 100 

Investment 

 Based On:

Net Income

 (in thousands)

 (g)(4)

Total Shareholder Return

 (f)(3)

2022

1,472,516

1,486,916

716,576

721,976

114.85

1,525

2021

1,318,833

1,381,765

642,012

665,612

119.59 

4,281

(1) 

Hilton H. Howell, Jr. was our principal executive officer PEO for the full year for each of 2022 and 2021. For each of 2022 and 2021, our only non-PEO named executive officer was J. Ross Franklin. Throughout this Pay Versus
 Performance Disclosure, we refer to certain average amounts for the non-PEO named executive officers, in accordance with SEC rules. However, in each such instance, the amounts disclosed are solely with respect to Mr. Franklin.

(2) 

For each of 2022 and 2021 (each, a Covered Year ), in determining both the compensation actually paid CAP to our PEO and the average CAP to our non-PEO named executive officers for purposes of this Pay Versus Performance table PVP
 Table ), we deducted from or added back to the total amounts of compensation reported in column (b) or column (d) for such Covered Year the following amounts:

60 

Table of Contents 

Item and Value Added (Deducted)

2022

2021

For Mr. Howell :

- SCT Stock Awards column value

- SCT Option Awards column value

+ year-end fair value of outstanding equity awards granted in Covered Year 

+/- change in fair value of outstanding equity awards granted in prior years 

10,400

+ vesting date fair value of equity awards granted and vested in Covered Year 

+/- change in fair value of prior-year equity awards vested in Covered Year 

13,867 

51,465 

- prior year-end fair value of prior-year equity awards forfeited in Covered Year

+ includable dividends/earnings on equity awards during Covered Year 

533 

1,067 

For Non-PEO Named Executive Officers (Average): 

- SCT Stock Awards column value

- SCT Option Awards column value

+ year-end fair value of outstanding equity awards granted in Covered Year

+/- change in fair value of outstanding equity awards granted in prior years

3,900

+ vesting date fair value of equity awards granted and vested in Covered Year

+/- change in fair value of prior-year equity awards vested in Covered Year

5,200 

19,300 

- prior year-end fair value of prior-year equity awards forfeited in Covered Year

+ includable dividends/earnings on equity awards during Covered Year

200 

400

(3) 

For each Covered Year, our total shareholder return was calculated as the yearly percentage change in our cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock, par value 1.00 per share, measured as the quotient of (a) the sum of (i)
 the cumulative amount of dividends for a period beginning with our closing price on the NASDAQ Global Market on December 31, 2020 through and including the last day of the fiscal year covered (each one-year and two-year period, the
 Measurement Period ), assuming dividend reinvestment, plus (ii) the difference between our closing stock price at the end versus the beginning of the Measurement Period, divided by (b) our closing share price at the beginning of the
 Measurement Period. Each of these yearly percentage changes was then applied to a deemed fixed investment of 100 at the beginning of the Measurement Period to produce the Covered Year-end values of such investment as of the end of 2022 and
 2021, as applicable. Because Covered Years are presented in the table in reverse chronological order (from top to bottom), the table should be read from bottom to top for purposes of understanding cumulative returns over time.

(4) 

Net income is calculated in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.

The following charts provide, across the Covered Years, descriptions of the relationships between (1) the CAP to the PEO and the average of the CAP to our non-PEO named executive officers (in each
 case as set forth in the PVP Table above) and (2) each of the performance measures set forth in columns (f) and (g) of the PVP Table above. 

Compensation of Directors

Effective in November 2022, the Company increased its compensation program for members of the Board from a cash payment of 10,000 per Board meeting and 1,000 per committee meeting attended, to
 20,000 for each Board meeting attended, whether in person or telephonically, and 2,000 for each committee meeting attended, whether in person or telephonically. In addition, Directors are reimbursed for actual expenses incurred in connection with
 attending meetings of the Board and/or committees of the Board. Pursuant to the Company s 2022 Plan, Directors are eligible to receive stock options to purchase shares of Common Stock and other equity awards. In 2022, each of our non-employee
 Directors received a grant of restricted stock valued at 30,600, which vested in full on May 8, 2023.

The following table provides information about the compensation paid or granted for services as a director of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. Mr. Howell also served as a director of
 the Company during 2022. He did not receive any stock awards for such service, but did receive cash fees for his attendance at Board meetings. See the Summary Compensation Table above for information on the total compensation paid to Mr. Howell
 for all services provided to the Company and its subsidiaries.

61 

Table of Contents 

2022 Director Compensation

Name

Fees Earned

 or Paid in

 Cash

 )

Stock

 Awards

 ) (1) 

All Other

 Compensation

 )

Total

 )

Robin R. Howell

50,000

30,600

-0-

80,600

(2) 

Mark E. Preisinger

55,000

30,600

-0-

85,600

Joseph M. Scheerer

55,000

30,600

-0-

85,600

Scott G. Thompson

50,000

-0-

-0-

(3) 

50,000

D. Keehln Wheeler 

55,000

30,600

-0-

85,600

(1) 

Grant date fair value of stock awards calculated in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718. For a discussion of assumptions underlying the value of equity incentive awards,
 see note 10 of the notes to the audited financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, each of the Company s non-employee directors held 10,000 shares
 of restricted stock.

(2) 

Does not include amounts deemed received pursuant to certain related transactions and described below in Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions. 

(3) 

For Mr. Thompson, excludes compensation received as an employee of a subsidiary of the Company.

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Equity Compensation Plan Information

The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022, the number of securities issuable upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights, the weighted average exercise price thereof and
 the number of securities remaining available for future issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans:

Plan Category

Number of

 Securities to Be

 Issued Upon

 Exercise of

 Outstanding

 Options,

 Warrants

 and Rights

Weighted-Average

 Exercise Price

 of Outstanding

 Options,

 Warrants

 and Rights

Number of Securities

 Remaining Available

 for Future Issuance

 Under Equity

 Compensation Plans

 (Excluding Securities

 Reflected in the

 First Column)

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders

2,960,000

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (1) 

Total

2,960,000

(1) 

All the Company s equity compensation plans have been approved by the Company s shareholders.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The following table sets forth ownership information regarding our outstanding equity securities as of June 12, 2023 by: (i) each person who is known to the Company to beneficially own more than 5 
 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company; (ii) each Director; (iii) each executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table above; and (iv) all of the Company s Directors and executive officers as a group. The address of each
 such person and entities controlled by such person is: c/o Atlantic American Corporation, 4370 Peachtree Road, N.E., Atlanta, Georgia 30319.

Common Stock (1) 

Series D Preferred Stock (1) 

Name of Stockholder

Number of

 Shares

Percent

 of Class

Number of

 Shares

Percent of

 Class

Harriett J. Robinson

15,217,583

(2) 

74.57

55,000

(2) 

100

Hilton H. Howell, Jr. 

835,119

(3) 

4.09

-

-

Robin R. Howell

3,988,356

(4) 

19.54

-

-

Mark E. Preisinger 

20,000

(5) 

-

-

Joseph M. Scheerer 

30,000

(5) 

-

-

Scott G. Thompson 

145,959

-

-

D. Keehln Wheeler

30,000

(5) 

-

-

J. Ross Franklin

36,979

-

-

All directors and executive officers as a group (8 persons) 

16,315,640

(6) 

79.95

55,000

100

Represents less than one percent.

(1)

All shares of stock are owned beneficially as set forth in the rules of the SEC. Under those rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, 
 which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of, such security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of
 any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership (such as by exercise of options) within 60 days. Under such rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a
 person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may disclaim any beneficial interest. Except as indicated in other notes to this table, directors and executive officers possessed sole voting and investment
 power with respect to all shares of stock referred to in the table. Except upon the occurrence of certain events, shares of Series D preferred stock, par value 1.00 per share (the Series D Preferred Stock ), are not entitled to any vote,
 whereas each share of Common Stock entitles its holder to one vote. The shares of Series D Preferred Stock are not currently convertible, but may become convertible into shares of Common Stock under certain conditions.

62 

Table of Contents 

(2) 

Includes: 8,047,048 shares of Common Stock held in trust for her children, with respect to which she serves as trustee; 919,721 shares of Common Stock held in trust for her grandchildren, with respect to which she serves as trustee;
 5,120,555 shares of Common Stock owned by Gulf Capital Services, LLLP; and 55,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock owned by Delta Life Insurance Company Delta Life all of which entities are controlled by Mrs. Robinson.

(3) 

Includes: 283,772 shares held pursuant to the Company s 401(k) Plan; and 34,075 shares owned directly or indirectly by his wife, excluding shares held in a trust for her benefit over which she does not have voting or dispositive power.

(4) 

Includes: 3,954,281 shares held in a trust for her benefit over which Harriett J. Robinson serves as trustee; 2,175 shares held in an individual retirement account; and 10,000 shares of restricted stock as to which the holder has voting,
 but not dispositive power. Does not include any shares held by Mr. Howell (see note 3 above).

(5) 

Includes 10,000 shares of restricted stock as to which the holder has voting, but not dispositive power.

(6) 

See notes 2 through 5 above.

The information required to be disclosed in this Item 12 by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K is included in Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
 Purchases of Equity Securities in the Form 10-K.

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The Company currently leases space for its principal offices, as well as the principal offices of certain of its subsidiaries, from 4370 Peachtree LLC. 4370 Peachtree LLC is controlled by Harriett J.
 Robinson, a former member of our Board of Directors. During 2022, the Company leased such space from Delta Life. In December of 2022, ownership of the office building was transferred from Delta Life to 4370 Peachtree LLC. In addition, Mr. Howell
 and Mrs. Howell are officers, directors and/or shareholders in Delta Life. Under the terms of the lease, the Company pays annual rent of approximately 0.5 million, plus a pro rata share of all real estate taxes, general maintenance and service
 expenses and insurance costs with respect to the office building and related facilities. The lease does not have a set termination date, but is terminable by either party with at least twelve months advance notice. In 2022, the Company paid
 approximately 0.9 million to Delta Life under the terms of the lease.

In 2022, Gray Television, Inc. Gray paid the Company approximately 1.7 million in insurance premiums related to certain voluntary employee benefits plans. Mr. Howell is the executive chairman
 and chief executive officer, and a director, and Mrs. Howell is a director, of Gray.

The Company has outstanding 55,000 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock, all of which is owned by Delta Life. The outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock have a par value of 1 per share and
 redemption value of 100 per share; accrue annual dividends at a rate of 7.25 per share (payable in cash or shares of the Company s common stock at the option of the Board of Directors of the Company) and are cumulative; in certain circumstances may
 be convertible into an aggregate of approximately 1,378,000 shares of Common Stock, subject to certain adjustments and provided that such adjustments do not result in the Company issuing more than approximately 2,703,000 shares of common stock
 without obtaining prior shareholder approval; and are redeemable solely at the Company s option. The Series D Preferred Stock is not currently convertible. The Company had accrued, but unpaid, dividends, on the Series D Preferred Stock of 17,722 at
 December 31, 2022. During 2022, the Company paid Series D Preferred Stock dividends of 0.4 million.

Information regarding the independence of the members of our Board of Directors is contained above under the heading ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Committees of
 the Board of Directors. 

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the Company s 2022 fiscal year end was FORVIS, LLP FORVIS and for the 2021 fiscal year was Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP DHG ). DHG,
 the Company s prior independent registered public accounting firm, completed its previously announced merger with BKD, LLP, effective June 1, 2022. Following the merger, the combined firm now operates under the name FORVIS.

63 

Table of Contents 

Amounts paid to, or billed by, the Company s independent registered public accounting firms, during the two most recent fiscal years by category were as follows: 

Audit Fees

The Company has paid or expects to pay FORVIS (as successor to DHG) approximately 726 ,000, in the aggregate, for
 professional services it rendered for the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements and audits of subsidiary company statutory reports for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the reviews of the interim financial statements
 included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The Company paid DHG approximately 450,000, in the aggregate, for professional services it rendered for the audit of the Company s consolidated
 financial statements and audits of subsidiary company statutory reports for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and the reviews of the interim financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q during the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2021. 

Audit-Related Fees

The Company has paid or expects to pay FORVIS (as successor to DHG)
 approximately 30,000 to audit the December 31, 2022 financial statements of The Atlantic American Corporation 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan (the Plan ). During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid DHG
 approximately 28,000 to audit the December 31, 2021 financial statements of the Plan. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid DHG
 approximately 26,000 for the audit of the December 31, 2020 financial statements of the Plan. 

Tax Fees

There were no tax fees paid to FORVIS or DHG in 2022 or 2021.

All Other Fees

Neither FORVIS nor DHG provided any other category of products and services to the Company during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021 and, accordingly, no other fees were paid thereto in
 either 2022 or 2021.

The Audit Committee considers whether the provision of non-audit services by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm is compatible with maintaining auditor independence. All audit
 and non-audit services to be performed by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm must be, and for 2022 and 2021 were, approved in advance by the Audit Committee. Pursuant to the Audit Committee s Audit and Non-Audit Services
 Pre-Approval Policy (the Policy and as permitted by SEC rules, the Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to any of its members, provided that any service approved in this manner is reported to the full Audit Committee at its next
 meeting.

The Policy provides for a general pre-approval of certain specifically enumerated services that are to be provided within specified fee levels. With respect to requests to provide specifically
 enumerated services not specifically pre-approved pursuant to such general grant, such requests must be submitted to the Audit Committee by both the independent registered public accounting firm and the CFO, and must include a joint statement as to
 whether, in their view, the request is consistent with SEC rules on auditor independence. Such requests must also be specific as to the nature of the proposed service, the proposed fee and any other details the Audit Committee may request.

64 

Table of Contents 

PART IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

(a) 

List of documents filed as part of this report:

1. 

Financial Statements:

See Index to Financial Statements contained in Item 8 hereof.

2. 

Financial Statement Schedules:

Schedule II - Condensed financial information of the registrant

Schedule III - Supplementary insurance information of the registrant

Schedule IV - Reinsurance information for the registrant

Schedule VI - Supplemental information concerning property-casualty insurance operations of the registrant

Schedules other than those listed above are omitted as they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. Columns omitted from schedules
 filed have been omitted because the information is not applicable.

3. 

Exhibits :

3.1 

Restated Articles of Incorporation of the registrant, as amended [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008].

3.2 

Restated Bylaws of the registrant, as amended [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2016].

4.1 

Description of the registrant s common stock registered pursuant to section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
 registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 24, 2020].

10.01

Management Agreement, dated July 1, 1993, between the registrant and Atlantic American Life Insurance Company and Bankers Fidelity Life Insurance Company [incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1993].

10.02 

Tax Allocation Agreement, dated as of January 4, 2016, between the registrant and the registrant s subsidiaries [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the registrant s
 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017].

10.03 

Atlantic American Corporation 2012 Nonqualified Stock Purchase Plan [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant s Form S-8 (File No. 333-183207) filed on
 August 10, 2012].

10.04 

Atlantic American Corporation 2012 Equity Incentive Plan [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013].

10.05 

Lease Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2007, between Georgia Casualty Surety Company, Bankers Fidelity Life Insurance Company, Atlantic American Corporation and Delta
 Life Insurance Company [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007].

10.06 

First Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2008, between Georgia Casualty Surety Company, Bankers Fidelity Life Insurance Company, Atlantic American
 Corporation and Delta Life Insurance Company [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008].

10.07 

Assignment and Assumption of Leases and Contracts, dated as of December 21, 2022, by and between Delta Life Insurance Company and 4370 Peachtree LLC.

10.08 

Employment and Transition Agreement with Fixed Determination Date, dated as of June 14, 2017 by and between John G. Sample, Jr. and the registrant [incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.07 to the registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017].

10.09 

Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2021, by and between Atlantic American Corporation and Truist Bank [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 13, 2021].

10.10 

Atlantic American Corporation 2022 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2022].

14.1 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003].

21.1 

Subsidiaries of the registrant [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015].

23.1 

Consent of FORVIS LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

31.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

65 

Table of Contents 

31.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.1 

Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema.

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase.

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase.

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase.

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

The registrant agrees to furnish to the Commission upon request a copy of any instruments defining the rights of security holders of the registrant that may be omitted from filing in accordance with the Commission s rules and regulations.

Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement.

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

None.

66 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
 authorized.

ATLANTIC AMERICAN CORPORATION

(Registrant)

By:

/s/ J. Ross Franklin

J. Ross Franklin

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Date: June 30, 2023

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
 indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Hilton H. Howell, Jr.

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board

 (Principal Executive Officer)

June 30, 2023

HILTON H. HOWELL, JR.

/s/ J. Ross Franklin

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

June 30, 2023

J. ROSS FRANKLIN

/s/ Robin R. Howell

Director

June 30, 2023

ROBIN R. HOWELL

/s/ Mark E. Preisinger

Director

June 30, 2023

MARK E. PREISINGER

/s/ Joseph M. Scheerer

Director

June 30, 2023

JOSEPH M. SCHEERER

/s/ Scott G. Thompson

Director

June 30, 2023

SCOTT G. THOMPSON

/s/ D. Keehln Wheeler

Director

June 30, 2023

D. KEEHLN WHEELER

67 

Table of Contents 

Investments

Investment in subsidiaries

Investments in unconsolidated trusts

Deferred tax asset, net 

Income taxes receivable from subsidiaries

Other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Other payables

Revolving credit facility

Junior subordinated debentures

Total liabilities

Shareholders equity

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

See accompanying report of independent registered public accounting firm.

68 

Table of Contents 

Distributed earnings from subsidiaries

Unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities, net

Other

Total revenue

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

INTEREST EXPENSE

INCOME TAX BENEFIT (1) 

EQUITY IN UNDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS OF SUBSIDIARIES, NET

NET INCOME 

See accompanying report of independent registered public accounting firm.

69 

Table of Contents 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Unrealized losses (gains) on equity securities, net

Depreciation and amortization

Compensation expense related to share awards

Earnings from equity method investees 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries, net

Decrease (increase) in intercompany taxes

Deferred income tax benefit

(Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses

Other, net

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Additions to property and equipment

Net cash used in investing activities

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Payment of dividends on Series D preferred stock

Payment of dividends on common stock

Proceeds from shares issued under stock plans

Proceeds from revolving credit facility, net 

Treasury stock acquired net employee share-based compensation

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

Net increase (decrease) in cash

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

Supplemental disclosure:

Cash paid for interest

Cash paid for income taxes

Intercompany tax settlement from subsidiaries

See accompanying report of independent registered public accounting firm.

70 

Table of Contents 

American Southern

(1) 

December 31, 2021 :

Bankers Fidelity

American Southern

(2) 

and losses and claims of . 

and losses and claims of . 

See accompanying report of independent registered public accounting firm.

71 

Table of Contents 

American Southern

Corporate other

December 31, 2021 :

Bankers Fidelity

American Southern

Corporate other

See accompanying report of independent registered public accounting firm.

72 

Table of Contents 

Premiums 

Bankers Fidelity

American Southern

Total premiums

Year ended December 31, 2021 :

Life insurance in force

Premiums 

Bankers Fidelity

American Southern

Total premiums

See accompanying report of independent registered public accounting firm. 

73 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2021 

See accompanying report of independent registered public accounting firm. 

74 

<EX-10.07>
 2
 brhc20054803_ex10-07.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.07

Exhibit 10.07

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASES AND CONTRACTS

THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASES AND CONTRACTS Assignment is made as

 of December 21, 2022, by and between DELTA LIFE INSURANCE CO. , a Georgia corporation Assignor ),

and 4370 PEACHTREE LLC , a Georgia limited liability company Assignee ).

W I T N E 
 S S E T H : 

A. On even date herewith, Assignor has transferred to Assignee fee simple title to that certain real
 property described on Exhibit A attached hereto (the Property ). 

B. Concurrently with the transfer of fee simple title to the Property, the parties desire for Assignor to assign to
 Assignee, and for Assignee to assume, any and all of Assignor s right, title and interest in and to the leases and contracts and all related documents (collectively, the Leases and Contracts 
 that currently affect the Property. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as
 follows:

1. Assignor hereby assigns, sells, transfers, sets over and delivers unto Assignee all of Assignor s
 estate, right, title and interest in and to the Leases and Contracts and Assignee hereby accepts such assignment. 

2. Assignee hereby assumes the performance of all of the terms, covenants and conditions imposed upon
 Assignor as landlord and owner under the Leases and Contracts accruing or arising on or after the date hereof. 

3. This Assignment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all
 of which, together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Assignment may be signed and/or transmitted electronically, which shall be binding on the parties with the same effect as original signatures. 

4. This Assignment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors, assignees, personal representatives,
 heirs and legatees of all the respective parties hereto. 

5. This Assignment shall be governed by, interpreted under, and construed and enforceable in accordance
 with, the laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to conflicts of law principles. 

[SIGNATURES COMMENCE ON NEXT PAGE]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor and
 Assignee have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the day and year first written above . 

ASSIGNOR: 

DELTA LIFE INSURANCE CO. , a Georgia corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Hilton Hatchett Howell, Jr. 

Name: 
 Hilton
 Hatchett Howell, Jr. 

Title: 
 
 CEO 

[Signature Page Continued on Following Page]

[Signature Page to Assignment and Assumption of Leases]

ASSIGNEE:

4370 PEACHTREE LLC,

 a Georgia limited liability company 

By: 
 
 /s/ Julie M. Wyrick 

Name: 
 Julie M. Wyrick 

Title: 
 
 Manager 

EXHIBIT A

</EX-10.07>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 brhc20054803_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1

CONSENT OF FORVIS, LLP

 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Board of Directors and Shareholders

 Atlantic American Corporation

 Atlanta, Georgia

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-183207 and 333-183210) on Form S-8 of Atlantic American Corporation
 of our report dated June 30, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedules of Atlantic American Corporation as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, which report appears in Atlantic American Corporation s Annual
 Report on Form 10-K.

/s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP)

 Atlanta, Georgia

 June 30, 2023

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 brhc20054803_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1

 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Hilton H. Howell, Jr., certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Atlantic American Corporation;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: June 30, 2023

/s/ Hilton H. Howell, Jr.

Hilton H. Howell, Jr.

President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 brhc20054803_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2

 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, J. Ross Franklin, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Atlantic American Corporation;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: June 30, 2023

/s/ J. Ross Franklin

J. Ross Franklin

Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 brhc20054803_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1

Certifications Pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Atlantic American Corporation (the
 Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies, that, to such officer s knowledge:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report.

Date: June 30, 2023

/s/ Hilton H. Howell, Jr.

Hilton H. Howell, Jr.

President and Chief Executive Officer

Date: June 30, 2023

/s/ J. Ross Franklin

J. Ross Franklin

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or
 its staff upon request.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 aame-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 aame-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 aame-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 aame-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 aame-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

