<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_66600_0001493152-23-012531.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5770140</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>134532</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>817140</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1996207</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1162244</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1576859</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012531.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417160555
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012531
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Quad M Solutions, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000066600
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS METAL ORES [1090]
		IRS NUMBER:				820144710
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			ID
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03319
		FILM NUMBER:		23824000

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 BELTLINE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 108
		CITY:			GARLAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75040
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(877) 465-8080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 BELTLINE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 108
		CITY:			GARLAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75040

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MINERAL MOUNTAIN MINING & MILLING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012531.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
 Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

Quad
M Solutions, Inc 

 , 

 ,

(Address,
Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant s Principal Executive Offices) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbols 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common
Stock, par value 0.001 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock as of the latest practicable date : 

The aggregate market value of the common equity held
by non-affiliates of the Registrant (assuming for these purposes, but without conceding, that all executive officers and Directors are
 affiliates of the Registrant) as of March 31, 2023, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed
fiscal quarter, was (based on the closing sale price of the Registrant s Common Stock on that date. 

shares
of Common Stock as of April 14, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Forward Looking Statements 
 3 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 8 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 8 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 8 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 8 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 9 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 10 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 10 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 12 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 13 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 13 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 14 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 14 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 17 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 18 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 19 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 20 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 21 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10 K Summary 
 21 

2 

 Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Certain statements made in this discussion are forward-looking statements within the meaning of 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. These statements are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, the Company s management as well
as estimates and assumptions made by the Company s management. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. When used herein, the words anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, expect, forecast, future, intend, plan, 
 predict, project, target, potential, will, would, 
 could, should, continue or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate
to the Company or the Company s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current view of the
Company with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors, including the risks relating
to the Company s business, industry, and the Company s operations and results of operations. Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from
those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, or planned. 

Although
the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot guarantee future
results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the
United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

We
have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends
that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, and financial needs. These forward-looking
statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including risks described in Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

You
should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained
in this Annual Report primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking
statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors described in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual
Report. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to
time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements
contained in this Annual Report. The results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved
or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 

In
addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These
statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report. And while we believe that information provides
a reasonable basis for these statements, that information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate
that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain,
and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements. 

The
forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report to reflect events or circumstances after the date of
this Annual Report or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually
achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on
our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers,
dispositions, joint ventures, or investments. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

You
should read this entire Annual Report carefully, including Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere
in this Annual Report, before making an investment decision. 

The
Company s principal executive offices are located at 1111 Belt Line Road, Suite 108E, Garland, TX 75040 and our telephone number
is: (877) 465-8080. Any information on, or that may be accessed through, any websites (other than government websites) is not incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report and should not be considered a part of this Annual Report. The Company is a publicly traded company
subject to quotation on the OTC and our Common Stock is traded under the symbol MMMM. On April 14, 2023 the closing sale
price of the Common Stock on the OTC was 0.03 per share. 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company, as defined by applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to 229.10(f)(1), in the Securities Act of 1933. As such, we are eligible for exemptions from various reporting requirements
applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation. We will remain a smaller reporting company until we have a public offering, or value attributable to stock held
by non-affiliates, of at least 250 million, as measured on the prior March 31st. 

The
Company, serving as a holding company, conducts its business through its two operating subsidiaries: (i) NuAxess 2, Inc. NuAxess 
(ii) PR345, Inc., n/k/a OpenAxess, Inc. OpenAxess 

NuAxess
is engaged in providing a full spectrum of consulting and staffing business services related to employee benefits, insurance, and financial
services, principally to smaller and mid-sized employers. The Company and its subsidiaries are offering innovative alternatives to legacy
companies that have dominated the benefit, financial and insurance landscape for decades. Through various means and using technology
that promotes providing employees and their dependents with multiple levels of benefits including major medical health insurance, as
well as providing financial and business consulting services. The Company has entered into third-party agreements with select strategic
partners to provide comprehensive programs administered through its contracted vendor relationships. The Company offers its programs
via platforms that include technology innovations and sponsoring affordable major medical health insurance plans and other employee benefit
products and services. The NuAxess Smart Healthcare Plan (NSP) is a proprietary self-insured health plan that is an ERISA-qualified plan,
and includes wellness and prevention programs and employee health saving accounts, among other features. The NSP promotes complete transparency
of provider costs and claims data with shared savings programs, as well. The Company s primary markets are small and mid-size group
employers, sometimes referred to as the gig economy. 

Through
its employer of record (EOR) staffing companies and its use of contracted professional employer organization (PEO) services and its proprietary
health saving account administration, the Company can provide employers and their employees with invaluable aggregated HIPAA aggregated
compliant data that can be used to analyze and evaluate healthcare services used to support the Company s medical reinsurance stop-loss
risk taking business via captive reinsurance companies. The Company s services are designed to support a transparent, single administrative
program that is comprehensive and easy to manage by employers, and employees encompassing comprehensive human resources (HR) and even
payroll services that includes workers compensation insurance, risk and compliance controls, medical stop loss reinsurance, health
savings account administration, financial services, real-time employee healthcare support, Cafeteria 125 IRC Section 105 and 106 programs,
and employee and employer retirement benefit programs mostly through the use of employee owned health saving accounts (HSA). The NuAxess
Smart Healthcare plan embraces the national effort to provide mental health parity in major medical comprehensive health insurance coverages
and, for example, through the use of its tele-mental behavioral health programs, we believe that many new and innovative methods are
now available and will be developed to better treat opioid addiction, PTSD, suicide prevention, and increase adherence to mental health
treatment protocols as well as lessen the percentage of patient appointment no-shows all producing better outcomes for patients. Many
experts say this has become a critical area since the government mandated COVID-19 shut-downs and pandemic related job losses has occurred. 

OpenAxess
f/k/a PR 345, Inc. is a staffing business that developed its competitive partially self-insured major medical plans to offer employees
for their comprehensive medical insurance benefits replacing fully insured medical plans. OpenAxess utilizes the Cigna network of providers,
a medical stop-loss coverage plans from a A.M.Best rated insurance carrier and can utilize PEO services when required. OpenAxess has
been providing benefits to employees for several years and has been developing proprietary technology to support its members. Through
OpenAxess successful self-funded plan program that are ERISA based, the Company was able to further develop its other subsidiary NuAxess
2, Inc. s proprietary NuAxess Smart Healthcare Plan (NSP) and it resulted in NuAxess joint venturing with a national PEO company
called Infiniti HR, Inc. in 2019. The joint venture companies are called PrimeAxess, Inc., and PrimeAxess 2, Inc. and they will primarily
promote the use of NuAxess Smart Healthcare Plan and HSA for Infiniti HR clients both old and new. NuAxess Smart Healthcare Plans can
be also be used for larger employee groups that wish to be the plan administrator under a single employer trust. PrimeAxess can be also
be used as a staffing company should the joint venture decide to promote it as such. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

New
Business Developments 

Our
Business Strategy 

The
Company, through its subsidiaries and joint venture partners, believes that existing market conditions and the lack of sufficient affordable
major medical comprehensive health insurance products and services for small and mid-sized employers and the growing number of participants
in the gig-economy should enable the Company to successfully market its health insurance related products and services and a variety
of third-party products and services to employers, employees and disparate classes of workers who are classified as small group and today
many describe as the growing gig economy essential workers. The primary emphasis of the Company is to provide support,
using state of the art technology, to employers and employees to facilitate access and achieve a sustainable way to provide their employees
quality comprehensive major medical health insurance programs and services that comply with local, state, and federal regulations. Using
 Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), a U.S. federal statute that protects the retirement assets of Americans
by establishing rules to prevent fiduciaries from misuse of plan assets, and through partially self-funded/level funded health insurance
plans, small employers, that historically have not used or been able to use traditional health insurance plans from the status quo legacy
carriers can actually benefit from self-insurance, as large group employers have benefitted for decades. 

It
is widely recognized that 80 or more of small group employers, because of an historic lack of alternatives, still must use traditional
fully-insured health insurance plans issued by the legacy carriers despite the higher premium costs that have nearly doubled since 2010,
during which time plan benefits were reduced and deductibles, copays, coinsurance rose. Conversely, more than 90 of large group employers
use ERISA qualified health plans and not fully insured legacy carrier health plans. Despite the small group employer market needs and
the size of this market in annual premiums paid, which is estimated at 377 billion annually and comprises approximately 60 million workers
and growing. The small group employer market is not adequately equipped either financially or through its management s lack of
experience, to properly use and exploit existing ERISA health plans notwithstanding their acknowledged needs, in part because of the
complexities in compliance with applicable rules, regulations and laws. We also believe that to implement many of these self-insured
ERISA programs, our target market lacks staffing and experience in utilizing new technology platforms that typically require highly trained
personnel to effectively implement and operate the actual tasks involved to administer these self-insured health plans. 

As
a result, the Company has developed and, since the beginning of the second fiscal quarter of 2020 has been operating its business plan
providing its growing target market with a full range of affordable major medical healthcare plans, technology, financial, and insurance
related services. While there can be no assurance of our continued ability to successfully enroll in a timely fashion a sufficient percentage
of our target market and begin to generate profitable sustainable operations by providing full-service insurance and benefit solutions
with the quality necessary to maintain health benefits and insurance for its employees while minimizing financial risk associated with
catastrophic medical claims, except through the use of medical stop loss reinsurance policies offered by A.M. Best rated carriers. It
is generally recognized that small group employers do not have the financial capabilities to fund catastrophic liability risks so their
use of medical stop-loss reinsurance is mandatory. 

The
medical stop-loss reinsurance business is a complex global industry and, at its most basic level, is simply liability catastrophic insurance
rather than medical insurance. The Company through its third-party strategic joint venture partners, e.g., Third Party Administrators TPA), Plan Benefit Administrators PBA), technology developers, provider services, financial institutions, Infiniti HR, Inc .a national
professional employer organization (PEO) and others, have developed a comprehensive benefits and self-insurance system and possesses
the experience and skills necessary to medically underwrite employee lives, pay medical claims, and place medical stop-loss reinsurance
coverages for its ERISA compliant health plans developed specifically for the small group employer market and gig economy. The medical
health insurance plans covering these workers are classified as comprehensive major medical health insurance plans with reinsurance stop-loss
coverage to safeguard against catastrophic losses when they occur. The Company s management has determined not to implement as
part of its services nor recommend the use of short-term medical plans, indemnity plans, and minimum essential coverage (MEC) plans as
alternatives nor as solutions for small employers to give up using major medical comprehensive insurance plans because using other alternatives
than major medical plans: (i) short-term medical plans, indemnity plans, and minimum essential coverage plans requires small employers
and their employees to bear the risk should a catastrophic risk occur; and (ii) these plans are typically financially capped benefit
policies that will not pay above the cap amount. The single main reason for bankruptcy filings in the United States is the result of
indebtedness resulting from health and medical claims/charged regardless of whether the bankruptcy filer had some form of health insurance
coverage or none. 

It
is important to note that over the past decade many small group employers and employees, in addition to purchasing health insurance from
legacy carriers Blue Cross, Aetna, Anthem, Cigna, United Health, and other regional fully insured carriers (often referred to collectively
as BUCA ), are also deciding to purchase additional health coverages that are indemnity plans and not comprehensive major
medical plans. These plans generally pay benefits the BUCA plans don t or won t cover, e.g., hospitalization, accident, and
critical illness plans, dental and vision plans and all are NOT comprehensive major medical health insurance plans, but rather they only
cover defined medical event costs associated with ever increasing high deductible medical plan limits that major medical plan coverages
impose. Indemnity plans are being marketed to many that use the Affordable Care Act plans AKA ObamaCare plans. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

The
Company believes that by being able to provide comprehensive major medical health insurance program solutions for the small group employer
market from one source, such as the Company, is a benefit offered by the Company to its target market which, the Company believes, will
positively respond for its services. The main reasons for the Company s belief in its ability to penetrate this target market is
the fact that historically, more than 80 of small group employers have been forced to use non-competitive high-cost traditional major
medical health plans at unsustainable high premium rate costs with ever-increasing member high deductible limits, that uses coinsurance,
copays, and often provide less benefit coverages, especially mental health and Rx/drug formularies and limited provider networks. Our
strategy has been to develop and provide transparency to health insurance benefits that includes: (i) a consumer driven health care model
with value-based health plans that share financial rewards with our members and their providers; (ii) use prevention and wellness programs
that complement our major medical health plans and use when possible using pre-tax dollars to pay for these services; (iii) provide tax
free funding directly, indirectly and even through third parties to each employees qualified high deductible health plans health saving
accounts (HSA), and iv) an open access provider network without punitive use of out of network providers. The Company s focus
and primary emphasis is to assist the small group employer market fund employee HSA which, despite considerable tax advantages and benefits
to employers and employees have since their inception in 2004 by the US Congress been largely ignored by the BUCA s. HSA have not
been well funded despite more that 50 million employees owning HSA qualified health plans. Annual HSA contribution limits in 2019 were
set at 3,500 for single employee plans and 7,000 for a family plan. Presently, legislation before the U.S. House of Representatives,
if and when Congress brings to the floor and then requires U.S. Senate passage, of which there can be no assurance notwithstanding the
change in Administration, proposes to double the annual contribution limits bringing HSA closer in line with 401-K annual contribution
limits. 

The
Company has implemented several new sales and marketing programs to directly reach the small group employer market largely through its
use of third-party staffing and support staffing companies. At the same time, the Company is furthering its plan to build and operate
its own staffing business, which the Company estimates could take up to a year to implement at a cost expected to exceed several million
dollars or more. As BUCA health insurance premium costs have risen substantially over the past decade and deemed unsustainable for small
group employers, there is increased interest in supporting the known but misunderstood self-insurance major medical health benefits for
the small group employer market making the Company s timing to go to market very timely. 

In
order to successfully compete with the BUCAs, of which there can be no assurance, the Company benefit plans offering self-insured health
plans and enhanced member support and customer service through strategic partnerships with innovative technology platforms that incorporate
products and services under a single administrative team. The key elements based upon management s experience, in determining which
sales channels and markets to pursue are dependent on our continued ability to contract with third party vendors that provide our products
and services and will commit resources in offering our products and services to their clients. The Company has already commenced sales
and is continuing to pursue known targeted small group employer markets in the States of Texas, Florida, and many southern states whose
laws and regulations favor our business strategy of competing with the established legacy carriers Blue Cross, Aetna, Anthem, Cigna and
United Health (BUCAs), and other regional fully insured health insurance carriers. 

The
Company continues to target rural communities in those same states which must rely, to a large extent, on rural hospitals to attract
and maintain economic growth which are having difficulties operating and where some hospitals have been and/or are planned to be closed.
While we are yet to close specific projects related to this plan, the Company will continue to pursue its plans to create, in conjunction
with rural hospitals, community health exchanges whereby the hospitals contract with the Company to provide benefit and
insurance services through its establish its staffing alternatives. Through the Company staffing it becomes the employer of record and
staffs local employees and provide all their necessary employee services including major medical health insurance, payroll, HR, and financial
programs. 

We
believe, but cannot be assured, that a substantial opportunity to sell and brand our services with rural hospitals should help to keep
rural hospitals from closing. The Company is developing an Account Receivable (A/R) funding program for rural hospital where it can purchase
BUCA and CMS claims receivables. The Company has had preliminary discussions with several funding sources interested in an A/R program
since these medical receivables are deemed investment grade paper. Unless a suitable funding source can be found and contracted the A/R
program cannot become reality as the Company doesn t have adequate financial resources itself. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

The
Company believes that there exists a critical need for small business employers to be able to offer quality and sustainable employee
benefits, especially with millennials, principally as a result of the fact that the federal government has not produced effective and
affordable new health insurance programs for America s small businesses. Since the 2008 financial crisis, small businesses have
also been adversely affected by the fact that the banking institutions and particularly the large banks have not been providing small
business employers with access to capital and credit markets. We believe that this lack of reliable credit and access to capital resources
has resulted in the inability of small businesses to innovate and grow, which we believe is essential for small businesses to grow at
a time that the American economy to continues to show signs of strength. Without access to adequate debt and/or equity capital, it is
widely understood that small businesses have had to rely on their cash flow to manage their largest expenses which specifically include
payroll, taxes and employee benefits, the latter of which has become increasingly unsustainable. The Company s objective is to
provide and facilitate the availability to small businesses of employee benefits and health insurance at manageable costs to reduce the
unsustainable annual increases. 

Despite
the fact that in many states existing insurance and labor laws and regulations are more than adequate to support small group employers
to self-insure their benefit and health insurance programs, the fact remains that the virtual monopoly of the large and established legacy
carriers monopoly has had the effect of stifling alternative insurance and employee benefit solutions. The Company s management
believes that its innovative small employer benefits, self-insurance, and financial services programs are now market ready and provide
substantial advantages not offered by established major insurance carriers and employee benefits managers that are not focusing on the
small group employer/business market and gig economy workers which we firmly believe is and will increasingly be grow and dominate the
economic landscape for decades to come. It is estimated that on an annual basis, small group employer annual premiums have exceeded 375
billion during the past several years, which we believe may be one of the largest markets lacking consumer/customer involvement and lacking
transparency and competition. Our business plan is to service this market with transparency, providing small group employer market, largely
through its use of third-party staffing and support staff companies, and directly through the Company s own staffing business as
it develops offer a sustainable full-service benefits and major medical health insurance solution to the gig economy workers. 

Employees 

The
Company has 18 full-time employees, including its Chairman, CEO and Interim CFO, none of whom are under employment agreements. From time
to time, the Company uses independent contractors and contract services for administrative functions such as legal, sales, IT, accounting,
clerical, and bookkeeping services and expects to do so for the foreseeable future, until it generates positive cash flow from operations,
of which there can be no assurance. 

Government
Regulations 

The
Company s health insurance and employee benefits activities and financial services are subject to extensive federal, state and,
to a lesser extent, local regulations. Each of the 50 States in the U.S. has adopted, by state statutes, laws and regulations, including
those by the applicable State Departments of Insurance, Labor, Treasury, Health, Secretaries of State, among others. State laws and regulations
govern health insurance and the issuance of insurance licensing to entities that offer medical and health insurance, sell health insurance
and to otherwise provide insurance to the public, except for certain federal laws. The two most significant federal laws affecting health
insurance and overriding state law are the Federal 1974 ERISA law and the passage by Congress in 2010 of the Affordable Care Act.( ObamaCare)
However, state laws are so embedded and protected that despite the past fifty years of America s industrial growth as the largest
world economy, relatively few companies, given the size of the U.S. economy, are licensed to offer health insurance to businesses under
the laws of the 50 states, without any meaningful oversight nor being subject to federal Sherman Act rules and regulations dealing with
monopolistic practices. Furthermore, the Company believes that state law does not consider insurance companies to be deemed national
enterprises subject to potential anti-trust regulations. In fact, more than thirty state licensed Blue Cross-Blue Shield companies, many
of which are classified as not for profit entities, are deemed to exist as separate entities under each state jurisdiction, and therefore
are not considered a monopoly. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Potential
Advantages for the Company 

The
complexity of insurance regulations and lack of transparency to businesses in general and small businesses in particular, often require
small and even mid-sized business to require outside professional assistance, which the Company believes presents the Company with the
ability to enter the market and be successful in providing the requisite professional assistance. For the small group businesses who
utilize federal ERISA law and with the technology advances that have developed for consumers via the internet revolution and smart phones,
the Company believes that it is now an opportune time for innovation and change being offered by the Company s insurance and employee
benefits programs, providing the potential of compete successfully with the BUCA s and for small group employers to switch from
fully insured plans to self-insured plans. With the creation of the health saving account (HSA) in 2004, health and wealth can be driven
when consumers drive health care with their money. Providers must be paid fair, fast and transparently and only consumers can accomplish
this goal. Government cannot realistically or affordably displace 160,000,000 American workers from their private health insurance but
it can encourage and support a private system where consumers are joined with their chosen doctors and have access to their medical records
and can use pretax dollars for health expenses and save dollars tax advantaged for their retirement using employee-owned HSA. Notwithstanding
the Company s belief in its potential advantages and ability to successfully enter and generate profits operation in its target
market, larger companies with significantly longer operating histories and far greater financial resources may enter this target market
and offer services at rates more competitive than those offered by the Company. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Not
applicable 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company, at present, has its executive offices, consisting of 100 square feet, located at 115 River Road, Suite 151, Edgewater, NJ 07020,
which it uses on month-to-month lease basis. These facilities are suitable for the near term and the Company believes will be sufficient
for the foreseeable future. The Company has the right to expand to more square footage when needed and would consider an annual lease
at that time. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On
or about September 30, 2020, the Company was named a defendant in the action Aurum, LLC, v. Quad M Solutions, Inc., f/k/a Mineral
Mountain Mining Milling Company , Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, Index No. 652465/2020. Sheldon Karasik,
principal of plaintiff Aurum LC and former principal of the Company, has claimed that the Company did not fulfill its obligations under
the Share Exchange and Purchase Agreement with an entity formed and controlled by Sheldon Karasik, pursuant to which the Company, in
an agreement executed on its behalf by Mr. Karasik, sold, transferred and assigned 75 of the Company s former MMMM Mining Subsidiaries
to an entity controlled by Mr. Karasik for 10 plus the assumption of the liabilities of the former MMMM Mining Subsidiaries. The Company
believes that it has meritorious defenses to any claims by Mr. Karasik and, indeed, has filed affirmative defenses in connection with
such claims. The Company has also initiated a third-party claim individually against Mr. Karasik in the action entitled Quad M Solutions,
Inc., f/k/a Mineral Mountain Mining Milling Company v. Karasik , Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, 3rd
Party Index No.: 595634/2020, which claims are based upon, inter alia, Mr. Karasik s breach of fiduciary duty owed to the Company.
Aurum, LLC has filed a motion for summary judgment, which the Company has opposed. The actionis in the discovery phase. The Company believes
that there will be no material adverse consequences in connection with any claims by or on behalf of Mr. Karasik, and that the Company
will prevail on its third-party claims. 

(b)
On or about December 1, 2020, the Company and two of its former officers were named as defendants in the action Cavalry Fund I LP
v. Quad M Solutions Inc., Pat Dileo and Carl Dorvil , Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, Index No. 656142/2020.
The Company s attorneys successfully filed a motion to dismiss the case against the individual defendants, and several causes of
action against the Company were also dismissed. The action is in the discovery phase. The Company believes that there will be no material
adverse consequences in connection with any claims by Cavalry Fund 1 LP. 

(c)
On or about November 29, 2022, the Company and its CEO, Joseph Frontiere, were named as defendants in the matter ProAct, Inc. v. NuAxess
2, Inc. and Joseph Frontiere , Cause No. DC-22-16180, Dallas County, Texas based on an alleged breach of contract and related causes
of action. The Company and Mr. Frontiere have moved to dismiss the action and await decision of the Court. 

(d)
On or about March 18, 2023, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, NuAxess 2, Inc. initiated an action in the Eastern District
of New York entitled NuAxess 2, Inc. v Adler Windows, Inc. , Civil Action No. 1:23-cv-1872 seeking damages for breach of contract
and related damages. The action is pending defendants response to the Complaint. 

(e)
On or about April 1, 2023, the Company initiated an arbitration proceeding entitled Quad M Solutions, Inc., Nuaxess 2, Inc. and Joseph
Frontiere v. TVT 2.0 LLC and Andrew Fellus , seeking damages based on fraud and RICO claims. The action is pending Respondents 
response to the demand for arbitration. 

It
is possible that from time to time in the ordinary course of business that the Company may be involved in legal proceedings or investigations,
which could have an adverse impact on our reputation, business and financial condition and divert the attention of our management from
the operation of our business. However, in the opinion of our Board of Directors, current legal proceedings are not expected to have
a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(a)
Market Information 

Our
common stock trades on the OTC Market under the symbol MMMM. The following table sets forth the quarterly high and low sales prices per
share for our common stock, as reported by the OTC Market exchange for the respective periods 

High 
 Low 

Fiscal 2022: 

Fourth Quarter 
 .039 
 .035 
 
 Third Quarter 
 .09 
 .07 
 
 Second Quarter 
 .18 
 .15 
 
 First Quarter 
 .16 
 .15 

Fiscal 2021: 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.42 
 .06 
 
 Third Quarter 
 1.50 
 .27 
 
 Second Quarter 
 18.00 
 .87 
 
 First Quarter 
 6.70 
 1.64 

(b)
Holders of Common Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 174,823,440 shares outstanding held by approximately 1,332 shareholders. 

(c)
Dividends 

In
the future we intend to follow a policy of retaining earnings, if any, to finance the growth of the business and do not anticipate paying
any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The declaration and payment of future dividends on the Common Stock will be the sole discretion
of the board of directors and will depend on our profitability and financial condition, capital requirements, statutory and contractual
restrictions, future prospects and other factors deemed relevant. 

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Stock
Options 

There
are no Stock Options open as of December 31, 2022. 

Warrants 

There
are approximately 18,511,965 warrants outstanding. Holders of the warrants have no voting rights, no liquidation preference and no dividends
will be declared on the warrants. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

(e)
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Issuance
of Common Shares 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

We
did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the fiscal periods ended December 31, 2021, or the period ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data and our consolidated financial statements, related notes, and other financial information appearing
in this Annual Report. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking
statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs that involve significant risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could
differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences
include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report, particularly in Risk Factors and Forward-Looking
Statements. 

Overview 

The
Company, through its two wholly owned operating subsidiaries, NuAxess and PR345 n/k/a OpenAxess, Inc., business, is engaged in providing
a full spectrum of benefit and insurance related staffing and business consulting services, principally to smaller and mid-sized employers,
offering innovative means of providing their employees with multiple levels of employee benefits including major medical health insurance,
as well as providing other financial and business consulting services. The Company has entered into third-party agreements with select
strategic partners to provide comprehensive programs administered through its vendor relationship agreements. The Company offers programs
that include innovative and affordable major medical health insurance plans and other employee benefit products and services. The NuAxess
Smart Healthcare Plan is a proprietary health plan that is an ERISA-qualified, self-insured plan, that includes wellness and prevention
programs, among other features. Our primary markets are small and mid-size group employers, sometimes referred to as the gig 
economy. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 to the fiscal ended December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company received 51,892,679 in revenue principally from staffing and business consulting services
and we incurred 52,699,339 in expense directly related to this revenue compared to 51,898,202 in revenue and 49,734,441 during the
year ended December 31, 2021 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Expenses 

Operating
expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were 5,935,412 compared to 6,151,782 for the same period of the prior year. 

Working
Capital 

The
Company s net loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and Deember 31, 2021 were 4,212,053 and 17,896,673, respectively. decrease
in net loss for fiscal year 2022, as compared to fiscal year 2022, is due primarily to an increase in revenue and decrease in general
and administrative expenses. 

During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2022, our principal sources of liquidity included cash received from convertible notes payable,
notes payable, and sales of preferred stock. We intend to use new capital in the form of new equity or debt to further advance business
objectives. 

Net
cash produced by operating activities totaled 356,570 compared to a use of 3,216,501 for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The change between 2022 and 2021 is primarily due to lower net losses, increases in accounts payables, increases in accrued
expenses, offset by revaluation of derivative liabilities. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities totaled 160,312 and 3,072,240 for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The change between 2022 and 2021 is primarily attributed to an decrease in proceeds from notes payable in 2022, as compared to 2021.
The cash however increased to 836,495 at December 31, 2022 from 319,613 at December 31, 2021. 

As
reflected in our accompanying financial statements, other than the cash received from the issuance of notes payable and convertible notes
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we have negative working capital, and an accumulated deficit of 35,034,310 and 30,908,777
for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Notwithstanding our belief that we will be able to continue to raise capital
through the issuance of equity and, to a reduced level if at all, convertible notes, the Company believes that it will be able to raise
the requisite amount of equity capital at terms and condition acceptable to the Company, of which there can be no assurance, these factors
indicate that we may be unable to continue in existence in the absence of receiving additional funding. 

In
addition to our operating expenses which average approximately 494,000 per month, management s plans for the next twelve months
include approximately 4 million of cash expenditures for development and expansion of our health insurance and employee benefits business
operations. While there can be no assurance, the Company believes that it will be able to generate sufficient capital from operations,
equity and/or debt financing to fully-implement its business plan of offering principally to smaller and mid-sized employers a full spectrum
of employee benefit and insurance services enabling employers to offer a variety of plans providing their employees with multiple levels
of benefits including major medical health insurance, as well as providing financial and business consulting services. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid, and do not anticipate declaring or paying, any cash dividends on any of our capital stock. We do not anticipate
paying any dividends in the foreseeable future, and we currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use
in the operation of our business and to finance the growth and development of our business. Future determinations as to the declaration
and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including
our operating results, financial condition, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors our
board of directors may deem relevant. Our loan agreements limit our ability to pay dividends or make other distributions or payments
on account of our common stock, in each case subject to certain exceptions. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company has not undertaken any off-balance sheet transactions or arrangements. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Recent
accounting pronouncements which may affect the Company are described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, subsection
 New Accounting Requirements and Disclosures in the annual financial statements below. 

Limitations
on Liability and Indemnification Matters 

We
intend to amend our Bylaws to contain provisions that limit the liability of our current and former directors for monetary damages to
the fullest extent permitted by Idaho law. Any limitation of liability pursuant to Idaho law does not apply to liabilities arising under
federal securities laws and does not affect the availability of equitable remedies such as injunctive relief or rescission. 

Our
amended Bylaws will further authorize us to indemnify our directors, officers, employees, and other agents to the fullest extent permitted
by Idaho law. We intend our amended bylaws also to provide that, on satisfaction of certain conditions, we will advance expenses incurred
by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and permit us to secure insurance on behalf
of any officer, director, employee, or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in that capacity regardless of
whether we would otherwise be permitted to indemnify him or her under the provisions of Idaho law. We expect to enter into agreements
to indemnify our directors, executive officers, and other employees as determined by the board of directors. With certain exceptions,
these agreements will provide for indemnification for related expenses including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, and settlement
amounts incurred by any of these individuals in any action or proceeding. We believe that these amended bylaw provisions and indemnification
agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. 

The
intended limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our amended Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit
against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors
and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders. Further, a stockholder s investment
may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers as required
by these indemnification provisions. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted for directors, executive officers, or persons controlling
us, we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index
to Financial Statements 

 Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 Financial
 Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2020 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholder s Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Quad M Solutions, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Quad M Solutions, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and
2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has a working capital deficit, has generated net losses since its inception and further losses
are anticipated. The Company requires additional funds to meet its obligations and the costs of its operations. These factors raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note
2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

www.hudgenscpas.com 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April
 15, 2023 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

QUAD
M SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 (fka)
MINERAL MOUNTAIN MINING MILLING COMPANY 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts Receivable 

Other Current Assets 

Total Current Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest 

Notes payable related party 
 - 

Convertible debt, net 

Derivative liability 

Accrued expense 

Aurum payable 

Note payable 

Accrued revenue other current liabilities 

Due to preferred shareholders 

Total Current Liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 - 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Shares to be issued 

Subscription receivable 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

QUAD
M SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 (fka)
MINERAL MOUNTAIN MINING MILLING COMPANY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

REVENUES 

COST OF SALES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Professional fees 

General and administrative 

Sales expense 

Officers fees 

Payroll expense 

Travel 

Consulting and other expenses 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) 

Interest expense 

Loss on issuance of convertible debt 

Loss on revaluation of derivative liability 

Other income (expense) 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) 

LOSS BEFORE TAXES 

INCOME TAXES 

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE, BASIC AND DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON STOCK SHARES OUTSTANDING, BASIC AND DILUTED 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

QUAD
M SOLUTIONS, INC 

 (fka)
MINERAL MOUNTAIN MINING MILLING COMPANY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Shares 
 Additional Paid in 
 Stock to be issued or Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2019 

Common stock issued for services 

Common stock issued for convertible debt financing fees 

Common stock issued for conversion of warrants 

Common stock issued for conversion of preferred stock 

Preferred stock issued for cash 

Preferred stock issued for financing fees 

Preferred stock issued for services 

Preferred stock issued for exchanged warrants 

- 
 
 Warrants issued with convertible debt 

Retirement of derivative liability 

Warrant down-round 

- 
 
 Excess shares issued with reverse split 

- 
 
 Net income for period ending December 31, 2020 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Common stock issued for services 

- 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for convertible debt financing fees 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for conversion of preferred stock 

- 
 - 

Preferred stock issued for cash 

- 

Preferred shares issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Retirement of derivative liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrants issued with convertible debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for conversion of warrants 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for cancellation of preferred shares 

- 
 - 

Retirement of preferred shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for preferred debt holder 

- 
 - 

Excess shares issued with split correction 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income for period ending December 31, 2021 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Common stock issued for services 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for convertible debt financing fees 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for conversion of preferred stock 

- 
 - 

Retirement of derivative liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrants issued with convertible debt 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for preferred debt holder 

- 
 - 

common stock issued for other equity investments 

Net income for period ending December 31, 2022 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

QUAD
M SOLUTIONS, INC 

 (fka)
MINERAL MOUNTAIN MINING MILLING COMPANY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided (used) by operating activities: 

Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 

Increase (decrease) in accrued interest 

Increase (decrease) in accrued expense 

Increase (decrease) in due to preferred shareholders 

Increase (decrease) in due to derivative liability 

Increase (decrease) in other current assets/liabilities, net 

Net cash used by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds/payments from common stock and warrants, net 

Proceeds/payments from preferred stock, net 

Proceeds/payments from convertible debt, net 

Proceeds/payments from note payable, net 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

INCREASE(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for convertible debt 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

QUAD
M SOLUTIONS, INC 

 Consolidated
Notes to Financial Statements 

for the purpose of mining and exploring for non-ferrous and precious metals, primarily silver, lead
and copper. Until April 16, 2019, the Company had two wholly owned subsidiaries, Nomadic Gold Mines, Inc., an Alaska corporation, and
Lander Gold Mines, Inc., a Wyoming corporation (the MMMM Mining Subsidiaries ). 

On
March 22, 2019 the Company entered into two separate Share Exchange Agreements pursuant to which it agreed to acquire of the capital
stock of two newly organized private entities, NuAxess 2, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and PR345, Inc., a Texas corporation n/k/a OpenAxess,
Inc., in consideration for the issuance of shares of Series C Preferred Stock, issued to the control shareholders of each of
NuAxess and PR345, n/k/a OpenAxess and shares of Series D Preferred Stock, issued to the minority, non-control shareholders of
the two entities. 

The
closing of the two Share Exchange Agreements occurred on April 16, 2019, at which date NuAxess and PR345 became wholly-owned subsidiaries
of the Company. In addition, on April 16, 2019, the Company sold of its equity interests in the MMMM Mining Subsidiaries for ,
to Aurum, LLC, a newly organized Nevada corporation Aurum formed and controlled by Sheldon Karasik, the Company s
former CEO, Chairman and a principal shareholder, for the purpose of entering into the MBO Agreement and operating the Company s
formerly wholly-owned Mining Subsidiaries. In addition, Aurum assumed all of the liabilities of the MMMM Mining Subsidiaries. Reference
is made to Recent Developments-Former MMMM Mining Subsidiaries under Note 3 Former Mining Operations, and Note 6 
Share Exchange and Assignment Agreement, below. 

On
May 13, 2019, the Company filed a Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C for the purpose of implementing the following corporate
actions: (i) the increase in the authorized shares of common stock from million shares to million shares (the Authorized
Common Stock Share Increase and (ii) change the name of the Company from Mineral Mountain Mining Milling Company to Quad
M Solutions, Inc. (the Name Change ). 

On
June 7, 2019, the Company filed Articles of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Idaho
effecting the Name Change. On June 14, 2019 the Company filed Articles of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary
of State of the State of Idaho effecting the Authorized Common Stock Share Increase. In addition, effecting the Authorized Common Stock
Share Increase. In addition, on July 19, 2019, the Company obtained the requisite approval from FINRA for the Name Change. 

. 

. 

Achievement
of the Company s objectives will depend on its ability to obtain additional financing, to generate revenue from current and planned
business operations, and to effectively operating and capital costs. 

The
Company plans to fund its future operations by potential sales of its common stock or by issuing debt securities. However, there is no
assurance that the Company will be able to generate sufficient equity and/or debt capital at terms and conditions satisfactory of the
Company. 

of the capital stock of the MMMM Mining Subsidiaries from the Company for cash
consideration of plus the assumption by Aurum of all of the liabilities of the Mining Subsidiaries. On the date of closing of the
MBO Agreement, the Company made a payment of to Aurum, which proceeds were to be used by Aurum to fund the operations of the
MMMM Mining Subsidiaries. The MBO Agreement also required the Company to allocate a portion of the proceeds received by the Company under
the Crown Bridge Equity Line, if any, to pay Aurum for the operations of the MMMM Mining Subsidiaries, among other terms and conditions.
In connection with the MBO Agreement, Aurum assumed all of the liabilities of the MMMM Mining Subsidiaries, which were disclosed to the
Company as totaling approximately . As a result of this transaction, a loss of was recorded. 

, together with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of . During the period ended September
30, 2021, of regular interest, was expensed. During the period ended December 31, 2021, of regular interest was expensed.
On or about May 7, 2019, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to another institutional investor for the principal sum of
 , together with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of . On April 5, 2021, the investor converted
the outstanding principal into shares of common stock, of accrued interest remains outstanding. 

On
or about August 4, 2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of ,
together with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of . During the period ended December 31, 2021,
 of regular interest and of debt discount was expensed. On or about August 10, 2021, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of , together with interest at the rate of per annum, with
a maturity date of . 

During
the period ended December 31, 2021, of regular interest and of debt discount was expensed. On or about August 13,
2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of , together with
interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of . On or about August 20, 2021, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of , together with interest at the rate of per annum, with
a maturity date of . During the period ended December 31, 2021, of regular interest and of debt discount was
expensed. During the period ended December 31, 2021, of regular interest, of debt discount and of derivative liability
discount was expensed. On or about September 20, 2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor
for the principal sum of , together with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of . On
or about November 4, 2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of ,
together with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of . During the period ended December 31, 2021,
 of regular interest and of debt discount was expensed. On or about November 4, 2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory
note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of , together with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity
date of . During the period ended December 31, 2021, of regular interest and of debt discount was expensed.
On or about November 4, 2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of
 , together with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of . During the period ended December
31, 2021, of regular interest, of debt discount and of derivative liability discount was expensed. On or about
November 4, 2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of , together
with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of . During the period ended December 31, 2021, 
of regular interest and of debt discount was expensed. On or about November 9, 2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory
note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of , together with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity
date of . During the period ended December 31, 2021, of regular interest and of debt discount, and 
in derivative liability discount was expensed. On or about May 27, 2022, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional
investor for the principal sum of , together with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of .
On or about October 18, 2022, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of
 , together with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of . On or about November 2, 2022,
the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of , together with interest
at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of . 

Retired
Convertible Debt 

On
or about November 27, 2018, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of ,
together with interest at per annum, with a maturity date of November 27, 2019 (the Note ). 

The
Company then issued a replacement convertible promissory note payable to the acquiring institutional investor for the principal sum of
 with identical terms to the original note (interest at per annum, maturity date of , conversion rights and
conversion price.) 

On
or about November 29, 2019, the Company and the institutional investor entered into a Note Extension Agreement Extension Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Extension Agreement the maturity date was extended to November 30, 2020. 

On
or about October 1, 2019, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to the same institutional investor for the principal sum of
 , together with interest at the rate of per annum with a maturity date of . 

On
or about September 1, 2020, the Company entered into a Note Modification Agreement Modification in which the two above
notes in the amount of of principal and of accrued interest and of principal and of accrued interest (described
above) were superseded and consolidated into a single new long-term note in the principal amount of . The new note bears interest
at a rate of per annum and has a maturity date of . During the period ended December 31, 2021, there was no expense
for these notes. During the period ended December 31, 2020, of regular interest and of derivative liability discount was
expensed. This note was fully converted during the year ended September 30, 2021 into shares of common stock. 

On
or about May 17, 2019, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to another institutional investor for the principal sum of ,
together with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of . On January 21, 2020, the note was assigned
to another investor with the original terms of the note remaining unchanged. During the period ended December 31, 2021, there was no
expense. During the period ended December 31, 2020, , of regular interest, was expensed. On April 16, 2021, the outstanding principal
of and accrued interest of was settled for , a gain on extinguishment of debt was recorded in the amount of . 

On
or about January 17, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of ,
together with interest at the rate of per annum with a maturity date of . On October 11, 2020 this note fell into
maturity date default and the interest rate increased to . During the period ended December 31, 2021, of regular interest was
expensed. During the period ended December 31, 2020, of regular interest and of derivative liability discount was expensed. 

On
or about March 3, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of ,
together with interest at the rate of per annum, and a default interest amount of , with a maturity date of .
On September 15, 2020, the investor converted of principal and of accrued interest into of post-split shares of
common stock. During the period ended December 31, 2020 the investor converted the remaining principal
of , of accrued interest and in financing fee into shares of common stock. During the period ended
December 31, 2021, there was expense associated with this note. During the period ended December 31, 2020, of regular interest,
 of original issue discount and of derivative liability discount was expensed. 

On
or about June 4, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of ,
together with interest at the rate of per annum, and a default interest amount of , with a maturity date of . During
the period ended December 31, 2021, there was expense associated with this note. During the period ended December 31, 2020, 
of regular interest, of original issue discount and of derivative liability discount was expensed. 

On
December 11, 2020, the investor converted the outstanding principal of and of accrued
interest into shares of common stock. 

On
or about June 5, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of ,
together with interest at the rate of per annum, and a default interest amount of , with a maturity date of . During
the period ended December 31, 2021, there was no expense association with this note. During the period ended December 31, 2020, 
of regular interest, of original issue discount and of derivative liability discount was expensed. During the year ended
September 30, 2021, the investor converted the outstanding principal of and accrued into shares of common stock, additionally
the Company paid in principle, in accrued interest and as a prepayment penalty
in the total amount of to fully extinguish the note. 

On
or about June 8, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of ,
together with interest at the rate of per annum, and a default interest amount of , with a maturity date of . During
the period ended December 31, 2021, there was expense associated with this note. During the period ended December 31, 2020, of
regular interest, of original issue discount and of derivative liability discount was expensed. On
April 13,2021, the Company paid in principle, in accrued interest and as a prepayment penalty in the total amount
of to fully extinguish the note. 

On
or about June 10, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of ,
together with interest at the rate of per annum, and a default interest amount of , with a maturity date of . During
the period ended December 31, 2021, there was expense associated with this note. During the period ended December 31, 2020, of
regular interest, of original issue discount and of derivative liability discount was expensed. On
December 16, 2020 the investor converted the outstanding principal of and of accrued interest into shares of common
stock. 

On
or about July 1, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of ,
together with interest at the rate of per annum, and a default interest amount of , with a maturity date of June 15, 2021. During
the period ended December 31, 2021, there was expense associated with this note. During the period ended December 31, 2020, 
of regular interest and of original issue discount was expensed. On April 13,2021, the
Company paid in principle, in accrued interest and as a prepayment penalty in the total amount of to
fully extinguish the note. 

On
or about July 6, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of up to ,
together with interest at the rate of per annum, the first twelve months being guaranteed, and a default interest amount of ,
with a maturity date of twelve months from the effective date of each tranche. The first tranche was in the amount of . During
the period ended December 31, 2021, there was expense associated with this note. During the period ended December 31, 2020, 
of regular interest, of original issue discount and of original issue discount was expensed. On April 13,2021, the Company
paid in principle, in accrued interest and as a prepayment penalty in the total amount of to fully extinguish
the note. 

On
or about August 28, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of ,
together with interest at the rate of per annum, and a default interest amount of , with a maturity date of August 27, 2021.During
the period ended December 31, 2021there was not expense associated with this note. During the period ended December 31, 2020, 
of regular interest, of original issue discount and in derivative liability discount was expensed. On March 2, 2021, the
investor converted in principle into shares of common stock. On April 13,2021, the Company paid in principle,
 in accrued interest and as a prepayment penalty in the total amount of to fully extinguish the note. 

On
or about April 1, 2020, the Company issued a promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of , together
with interest at the rate of per month, subject to a fixed minimum of per month. .
On or about June 1, 2020 the above promissory note was amended to increase the outstanding principal to , and the fixed minimum
was increased to . On or about September 21, 2020, the above promissory note was amended, restated and consolidated into a convertible
debt note in the amount of , with a maturity date of . On the first day of each month a fixed minimum interest
payment of is due. per share . 

During
the period ended December 31, 2021There was expense associated with this note. During the period ended December 31, 2020, 4,500 of
regular interest was expensed. 

On
or about April 9, 2021, this note was combined with other notes payable into a new non-convertible note payable. See Note 5. 

On
or about October 21, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of ,
together with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of . During the period ended December 31, 2021,
There was expense associated with this note. During the period ended December 31, 2020, of regular interest, of original
issue discount and in derivative liability discount was expensed. On April 13,2021, the Company paid in principle, 
in accrued interest and as a prepayment penalty in the total amount of to fully extinguish the note. 

On
or about October 22, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of ,
together with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of . During the period ended December 31, 2021,
there was expense associated with this note. During the period ended December 31, 2020, of regular interest, of original
issue discount and in derivative liability discount was expensed. On April 13,2021, the Company paid in principle, 
in accrued interest and as a prepayment penalty in the total amount of to fully extinguish the note. 

On
or about November 10, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an institutional investor for the principal sum of ,
together with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of . During the period ended December 31, 2021,
there was expense associated with this note. During the period ended December 31, 2020, of regular interest, of original
issue discount and in derivative liability discount was expensed. On April 13,2021, the Company paid in principle, 
in accrued interest and as a prepayment penalty in the total amount of to fully extinguish the note. 

, which sum has been received by the Company
in full. A Promissory was issued at closing, the Note bears interest at per annum based on a 360-day year and is due eighteen months
from the funding day. The Company pays interest monthly in the amount greater of or of the collections received by the Company.
The Company has authorized the lender to apply the portion of each collections payment that exceeds the monthly interest amount to future
monthly interest amount scheduled through the maturity date, at which time such excess payments shall be applied to the principle of
the loan The MSLA is not convertible to the Company s stock unless in the event of a material uncured default of the MSLA. per every 500 insured lives added by the Company, up
to a maximum of 65,000 insured lives, or 130,000,000 . During the period ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid in interest. 

shares of common stock with a par value of , . On May 13, 2019, the Company filed a DEF 14C approving the increase
in authorized shares of common stock from shares to shares. 

Preferred
Stock 

Series
B Super Voting Preferred Stock 

On
March 21, 2019, the Company, while under the control of former CEO, Chairman and principal shareholder, Sheldon Karasik, filed a Certificate
of Designation amending the Articles of Incorporation and designating the rights and restrictions of one (1) share of newly authorized
Series B Super Voting Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series B Preferred Stock ), pursuant to resolutions
approved by the Board of Directors (the Board on November 5, 2018. On March 21, 2019, the Company issued to Sheldon Karasik,
the Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board, the one (1) share of Series B Preferred Stock for , which price
was based on the closing price of the Company s Common Stock of as of November 5, 2018, the date of the issuance, which was
approved by the Company s then Board. Sheldon Karasik, as the holder of the Series B Preferred Stock, was entitled to vote together
with the holders of the Company s Common Stock upon all matters that may be submitted to holders of Common Stock for a vote, and
on all such matters, the share of . The Company filed the Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of Idaho
on March 21, 2019. In connection with the closing of the SEAs and the MBO Agreement, Mr. Karasik transferred and assigned the Series
B Preferred Stock to Pat Dileo, the Company s CEO and Chairman. During the period ended December 31, 2021, Pat Dileo transferred
and assigned the Series B Preferred Stock to the current CEO and Chairman, Joseph Frontiere. 

Series
C and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock 

On
April 2, 2019, the Company filed two Certificates of Designation amending the Articles of Incorporation and the Certificates of Designation
of the rights and restrictions of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock par value and shares of Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock par value , which were originally issued pursuant to two separate Share Exchange Agreements, see Note
5. 

During
the Company s fiscal year-ended September 30, 2021, the holders of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D
Convertible Preferred Stock (collectively, the Series C and Series D Shares converted a total of Series C and Series
D Shares into a total of shares of Common Stock. 

Series
E Convertible Preferred Stock 

On
April 8, 2019, the Company filed a Certificates of Designation amending the Articles of Incorporation and the Certificates of Designation
of the rights and restrictions of shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock with par value and stated value . 

On
April 8, 2019, the Company issued shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock Series E Preferred to an institutional
investor in consideration for funding the payment made to Aurum pursuant to the MBO Agreement. 

During
the quarter ended March 31, 2021, a total of shares of Series E Convertible Preferred stock were converted into shares
of common stock. 

During
the quarter ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock and warrants valued at for the
extinguishment of the Series E Preferred Stock. A loss on extinguishment was recorded in the amount of . 

Series
F Convertible Preferred Stock 

On
March 9, 2019, the Company filed a Certificates of Designation amending the Articles of Incorporation and the Certificates of Designation
of the rights and restrictions of shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock with par value and stated value . 

During
the period ended March 31, 2020, shares of Series F Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. During the
period ended June 30, 2020, shares of Series F Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. During the
period ended September 30, 2020, of the outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock were converted into shares of
common stock. 

On
October 2, 2020, the remaining outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock was converted into shares of common stock. 

13 
Series G Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 

On
April 27, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation amending the Articles of Incorporation and designation the rights and
restrictions of shares of 13 Series G Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value and a stated value
of per share. The Series G Holders will not have any voting rights. To date, no shares of the Series G Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual
Preferred Stock have been issued or are outstanding nor are there any plans to issue any shares of Series G Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual
Preferred Stock. 

Series
M Convertible Preferred Stock 

On
April 27, 2020, the Company filed a Certificates of Designation amending the Articles of Incorporation and the Certificates of Designation
of the rights and restrictions of shares of Series M Convertible Preferred Stock with par value . 

On
May 28, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved the execution of consulting services agreements with six unrelated persons/entities,
none of whom were affiliates of the Company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to the issuance of shares of a Series M Convertible
Preferred Stock. In 2020, the Company issued shares of Series M Preferred Shares to consultants for services valued at .
One shareholder converted shares into shares of common stock, shares of Series M Preferred Shares for shares
of common shares that had previously been disclosed as shares to be issued . In 2021, a total of shares of Series
M Convertible Preferred stock were converted into shares of common stock, shares of Series M Preferred Shares that were
previously disclosed as being converted during the quarter ended December 31, 2020, was reversed as it did not happen. 

Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock 

On
July 2, 2020, the Company filed a Certificates of Designation amending the Articles of Incorporation and the Certificates of Designation
of the rights and restrictions of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock with par value . In September 30, 2020,
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. 

Series
H Convertible Preferred Stock 

On
August 28, 2020, the Company filed a Certificates of Designation amending the Articles of Incorporation and the Certificates of Designation
of the rights and restrictions of shares of Series H Convertible Preferred Stock with par value and stated value . The
shares were issued for cash of . In 2021, a total of shares of Series H Convertible Preferred stock were converted into
 shares of common stock. 

7 
Series O Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 

On
September 28, 2020, the Company filed a Certificates of Designation amending the Articles of Incorporation and designation the rights
and restrictions of shares of Series O 7 Redeemable Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value and a stated value of . 

9 
Series N Convertible Preferred Stock 

On
November 20, 2020, the Company filed a Certificates of Designation amending the Articles of Incorporation and the Certificates of Designation
of the rights and restrictions of shares of Series N Convertible Preferred Stock with par value and issued of Series
N Preferred Stock for cash of and paid in fees related to the issuance. In 2021, the Company paid to extinguish
the Series N Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Series
R Convertible Preferred Stock 

On
November 19, 2021, the Company filed a Certificates of Designation amending the Articles of Incorporation and the Certificates of Designation
of the rights and restrictions of shares of Series R Convertible Preferred Stock with par value . In December 3, 2021, the
Company issued shares of Series R Preferred Stock for services in the amount of . 

of its outstanding common stock (the Reverse Split ).
All issuances for services are valued at market price on the approximate date of service unless otherwise noted. 

During
the three-month period ended December 31, 2019, the Company authorized for issuance shares of common stock valued at for
investor relations, these are disclosed on the balance sheet as shares to be issued. 

On
December 5, 2019, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of principal of and accrued interest of 
at a conversion price of . 

During
the three-month period ended March 31, 2020, the Company issued shares of stock for services and recorded an additional shares
as to be issued for a total value of ; shares of common stock for the conversion of principal of ,
accrued interest of and financing fees of ; shares of common stock for the conversion of shares of Series F Preferred
Stock 

During
the three-month period ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of convertible debt;
 shares of common stock for conversion of warrants; shares of common stock for conversion of shares of Series
F Preferred Stock and shares for services valued at 

During
the three-month period ended September 30, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of convertible
debt valued at ; shares of common stock for conversion of preferred stock (see above); and shares of common
stock for services that had previously been recorded as stock to be issued Additionally, shares were recorded as
stock to be issued for services in the amount of . 

During
the three-month period ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of convertible
debt valued at ; shares of common stock for the issuance of convertible debt valued at . The was recorded
as debt discount and will be amortized over the life of the notes; shares of common stock for financing fees valued at ;
 for the conversion of preferred stock (see above); and for conversion of warrants. Additionally, shares of
common stock were authorized for issuance valued at , the shares are disclosed in to be issued . 

During
the three-month period ended March 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of convertible debt
valued at and for a commitment share adjustment related to convertible debt valued at 

During
the three-month period ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of convertible debt
valued at and shares of common stock and warrants for the conversion of shares of Series E Preferred
Stock. (See above) 

During
the three-month period ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for conversion of preferred shares;
 shares for conversion of warrants and shares of common stock for conversion reserved preferred shares for debt due
to preferred shareholders. (See above.) 

During
the three-month period ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for conversion of preferred shares;
 shares for conversion of warrants and shares of common stock for conversion reserved preferred shares for debt due
to preferred shareholders. (See above.) Additionally, the Company issued shares of common stock for services valued at . 

 During
the three-month period ended March 31, 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible debt,
financing fees, retirement of derivative liability and conversion of preferred stock. 

During
the three-month period ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible debt,
financing fees, issuance of warrants and conversion of preferred stock. 

During
the three-month period ended September 30, 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible
debt, financing fees, services, and conversion of preferred stock 

During
the three-month period ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to convertible
debt, financing fees, services, and conversion of preferred stock 

Warrants 

Warrants 

Warrants 

Warrants 

Warrants 

Warrants 

Warrants 

Warrants 
 
 - 

and increased the outstanding number of warrants. 

The
following warrants were outstanding at December 31, 2021: 

Warrant Type 
 Warrants Issued and Unexercised 
 Exercise Price 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Warrants 

Warrants 

Warrants 

Warrants 

Warrants 

Warrants 

Warrants 

and increased the outstanding number of warrants. 

.
 was converted to shares of common stock and was repaid in cash. The note bears interest at a rate of beginning
on July 24, 2016, the balance of principal and interest at December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2017 the Company issued two notes payable to Premium Exploration Mining in the amount of and 
each having an interest rate of , the balance of principal and interest at December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively,
the companies had directors in common at the time of the transaction. 

F- 18 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None.
Reference is made the Company s Forms 8-K filed on December 6, 2021 with respect to the appointment of our independent auditors,
Hudgens CPA PLLC. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

We
are evaluating, developing and implementing disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
We continue to conduct an evaluation (the Evaluation ), under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive
Officer CEO ), who also serves on an interim basis as our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure Controls as of the end of the period
covered by this report pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on this continuing Evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
has concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of the identification of a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which is identified below in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting, which we view as an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures. 

Changes
in Internal Control 

We
have also evaluated our internal control over financial reporting, and there have been no significant changes in our internal controls
or in other factors that could significantly affect those controls as of September 30, 2021. 

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls 

Our
management, including our CEO, does not expect that our Disclosure Controls and internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud.
A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and
the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because
of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two
or more people, or by management or board override of the control. 

The
design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

CEO/CFO
Certifications 

Appearing
immediately following the Signatures section of this report there are Certifications of the CEO, who also serves as interim CFO. The
Certifications are required in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Section 302 Certifications). This Item
of this report, which you are currently reading is the information concerning the Evaluation referred to in the Section 302 Certifications
and this information should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics
presented. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 

The
management of the Company assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria
for effective internal control over financial reporting established in SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on this assessment,
management determined that, during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, our internal controls and procedures require improvement
due to deficiencies in the design or operation of the Company s internal controls. Management identified the following areas of
improvement in internal controls over financial reporting: 

1.
The Company did not have a written internal control procedurals manual which outlines the duties and reporting requirements of the Directors
and any staff to be hired in the future. This lack of a written internal control procedurals manual does not meet the requirements of
the SEC or good internal controls. 

2.
The Company should improve maintenance and access to a centralized location for current and historical business records. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Management
believes that areas of improvement set forth in items 1 and 2 above did not have an effect on the Company s financial results.
The Company and its management will endeavor to correct the above noted weaknesses in internal controls once it has adequate funds to
do so. 

Management
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of the Company s internal controls and procedures and its internal controls
over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements,
as necessary and as funds allow. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our
executive officer is Joseph Frontiere, Interim CEO and Chairman and Interim CFO. Mr. Frontiere devotes 50 of his time to the affairs
of the Company. 

The
executive officer and directors of the Company are listed below. Directors are elected to hold offices for a three-year term or until
their successors are elected or appointed and qualified. Officers are appointed by the board of directors until a successor is elected
and qualified or until resignation, removal or death. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position
 and Tenure 
 
 Joseph
 Frontiere 
 
 32 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Interim CFO 
 
 Derrick
 Chambers 
 
 44 
 
 Director 
 
 Douglas
 Cole 
 
 67 
 
 Director 

Joseph
Frontiere, age 32, Director, Interim CEO and Interim CFO. Mr. Frontiere currently serves as the Executive Chairman of 27 Health Holdings,
Inc. On December 9, 2019, Mr. Frontiere was appointed to the Board of Directors of Lord Global Corporation. Mr. Frontiere previously
served as COO of a private company engaged in A.I. and has extensive experience as a business development executive focusing on financing
and acquisitions. 

Douglas
Cole, age 67, Director: For more than the past five years, Mr. Cole has served as Chairman and CEO of American Battery Metals Corporation
(OTCQB: ABML). Mr. Cole has been a Director of eWellness Healthcare Corporation (OTC: EWLL) since May 2014. Mr. Cole has also been a
Partner of Objective Equity LLC since 2005, a boutique investment bank focused on the high technology, data analytics and the mining
sector. Douglas Cole has been served as a senior executive of multiple public companies during his extensive business career. 

Douglas
Cole received an undergraduate degree from the University of California, Berkeley. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

Derrick
Chambers , age 43, Director: F rom 2016 to the present, Derrick Chambers has served as Director of the University
of Florida Gator Boosters, responsible for fundraising and donations for the University s Athletic Department. From 2011 to the
present, Mr. Chambers has been the owner and founder of DCMG LLC, a New York based company engaged in independent consulting specializing
in financial services in the areas of high net worth, professional sports and education. Mr. Chambers was a captain of the University
of Florida NCAA Division 1 football team for two years under renowned Coach Steve Spurrier and played in the NFL for three years with
the Carolina Panthers and Jacksonville Jaguars. Following his NFL career, he studied University of Oxford in England, studying politics,
philosophy, and history. He was a member of the Oxford Rugby team at St. Peter s College. Thereafter, Mr. Chambers studies at Princeton
Seminary where he served as a Princeton Academic-Athletic fellow at Princeton. The academic-athletic fellows are made up of faculty and
administrators who mentor student athletes at Princeton. 

As
a member of the National Football League Players Association (NFLPA), Derrick is focused on financial literacy and advisory services
for professional athletes and entertainers. Derrick is a Board member of the Youth Leadership foundation of Washington, D.C. 

(a)
Director Compensation 

Prior
to the change in control transaction in April 2019, the Company compensated directors The Company no longer has a director compensation
program. 

The
Company, in the future, may also adopt a director compensation plan but, at present, there is no plan nor is any plan contemplated. 

(b)
Identification of Certain Significant Employees and Consultants 

None. 

(c)
Family Relationships. 

Not
applicable. 

(d)
Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings. 

None
of our executive officers or directors has been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

(1) 
 any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the
 time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

(2) 
 any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being a named subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and minor
 offenses); 

(3) 
 being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities; 

(4) 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law; 

(5) 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (i) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation;
 (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, including, but not limited to, a temporary or
 permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order,
 or removal or prohibition order, or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business
 entity; or 

(6) 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section (1)(a)(40) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity, or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

Description
of Securities 

General 

The
following description of our capital stock and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws are summaries and are
qualified by reference to the certificate of incorporation and the bylaws that will be in effect on the closing of this registration.
Copies of these documents have been filed with the SEC as exhibits to our Annual Report, of which this Annual Report forms a part. The
descriptions of the common stock reflect changes, if any, to our capital structure that will be in effect on the closing of this registration. 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 910,000,000 shares of capital stock consisting of: (i) 900,000,000 shares of common stock, par value
 .001 per share and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.10 per share. As of December 31, 2022, we had 174,823,440
shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Included below is a summary description of our capital stock. 

Common
Stock 

The
holders of the common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders.
Accordingly, holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors may elect all of the directors
standing for election. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends as may be declared by the Board out of
funds legally available therefore. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of common stock are entitled to
share ratably in the assets remaining after payment of liabilities. Holders of common stock have no preemptive, conversion or redemption
rights. All of the outstanding shares of common stock are fully-paid and non-assessable. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Our
Board of Directors may, without shareholder approval, establish and issue shares of one or more classes or series of common stock having
the designations, number of shares, dividend rates, liquidation preferences, redemption provisions, sinking fund provisions, conversion
rights, voting rights and other rights, preferences and limitations that our Board may determine. The Board may authorize the issuance
of common stock with voting, conversion and economic rights similar to the common stock so that the issuance of common stock could adversely
affect the market value of the common stock. 

Preferred
Stock 

On
March 21, 2019, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Idaho the Certificate of Designation for Series B Super
Voting Preferred Stock, 1 share of which was authorized and was issued to Sheldon Karasik, the Company s former CEO and Chairman.
Reference is made to Exhibit 99.1, the Certificate of Designation of the Series B Super Voting Preferred Stock, for the Preferences,
Rights, Limitations, Qualifications and Restrictions of the Series B Super Voting Preferred Stock, which was filed as Exhibit 99.1 to
the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 21, 2019. On March 27, 2019, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of: (i) 400,000
shares of newly designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock to IDH Holdings 2 Inc. and Sunlight Financial, LLC, the 75 owners of
NuAxess and PR345, respectively, with 200,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock issuable to each; and (ii) 400,000 shares of newly designated
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock to Draper, Inc., a Nevada corporation Draper ), and Carriage House Capital, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation Carriage House ), with 200,000 shares issuable to each, in exchange for their shares in NuAxess
and PR345, respectively. The Series C and Series D Preferred Stock represent 92.5 of the outstanding capital stock of the Company at
the date of Closing. The outstanding Common Stockholders of the Company at the Closing, which was effective on April. 16, 2019, retained
7.5 of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, which Common Stock will be subject to dilution upon the conversion on existing convertible
notes and subsequently issued convertible note issued for the purpose of funding the MMMM Mining Operations, subject to certain anti-dilution
protections as set forth in the SEA s. In addition, in connection with the Closing, Sheldon Karasik, the former CEO and Chairman,
transferred and assigned to Pat Dileo, the Company s new CEO, interim CEO and Chairman, the one outstanding share of Series B Super
Voting Preferred Stock (the Super Voting Shares ), entitled to that number of votes equal to 51 of the total number of
voting capital stock of the Company, on a fully diluted basis. The Super Voting Preferred Stock was transferred by Mr. Karasik to Mr.
Dileo in consideration for the payment of 100,000 to Aurum, LLC, a newly organized private Nevada corporation formed and controlled
by Mr. Karasik, the Company s former CEO and Chairman, for the purpose to operating and controlling the Discontinued Mining Operations.
The Super Voting Preferred Stock was transferred by Mr. Pat Dileo to Mr. Joseph Frontiere, the Company s new CEO, interim CEO and
Chairman upon the resignation of Mr. Dileo as the Company s CEO and from the Board of Directors. 

Warrants 

The
warrants issued by the Company are common stock warrants issued to the selling stockholders. The common stock warrants are exercisable
at an exercise price of 0.02 to 10.00 per share. The warrants may be exercised in whole or in part, subject to the limitations provided
in the warrants. Any warrant holders who do not exercise their warrants prior to the conclusion of the exercise period will forfeit the
right to purchase the shares of common stock underlying the warrants and any outstanding warrants will become void and be of no further
force or effect. If at any time while any of the warrants are outstanding, Mineral Mountain issues common stock, or securities convertible
into common stock, to any person at a price per share of common stock less than the exercise price of the warrants, the per share exercise
price of the warrants will be reduced to the purchase price per share of the subsequent issuance. 

Election
and Removal of Directors 

Each
of our directors serves for a term of three years or until his successor is elected and qualified if there is no annual meeting. At each
annual meeting of shareholders, the successors to the then current directors whose terms are expiring are elected to serve for one-year
terms. Directors may be removed at any special meeting of our shareholders upon a vote of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of stock
entitled to vote for directors. Holders of our common stock vote together for directors. 

Shareholder
Meetings 

Our
Bylaws provide that special meetings of shareholders may be called by our board of directors. In addition, upon the request of shareholders
holding one-fifth of the voting power of all shareholders, the Secretary of our company is required to call a meeting of the shareholders.
Finally, if no annual meeting of shareholders has taken place for a period of more than eighteen months, any shareholder may call a meeting
of the shareholders of our company. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

Rule
144 

In
general, under Rule 144 as currently in effect, once we have been subject to public company reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section
15(d) of the Exchange Act for at least 90 days, an eligible stockholder is entitled to sell such shares without complying with the manner
of sale, volume limitation, or notice provisions of Rule 144, subject to compliance with the public information requirements of Rule
144. To be an eligible stockholder under Rule 144, such stockholder must not be deemed to have been one of our affiliates for purposes
of the Securities Act at any time during the 90 days preceding a sale and who has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for
at least six months, including the holding period of any prior owner other than our affiliates. If such a person has beneficially owned
the shares proposed to be sold for at least one year, including the holding period of any prior owner other than our affiliates, then
such person is entitled to sell such shares without complying with any of the requirements of Rule 144, subject to the expiration of
the lock-up agreements described below. 

Sales
under Rule 144 by our affiliates or persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates are also subject to certain manner of sale provisions
and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. 

Director
Independence 

The
Company has three independent directors: Derrick Chambers, Douglas Cole and Robert Liscouski . 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that specifically addresses, among other things, potential conflicts of interest
among employees, officers and directors. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics will be provided to any person, without charge,
upon written request sent by email to Pat Dileo, Chairman (pdileo@nuaxess.com). 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
of Cash and Certain Other Compensation 

The
following sets forth the annual and long-term compensation for services in all capacities to the Company for the periods ended December
31, 2021 and 2020 paid to our present and former officers. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Annual Compensation 
 
 Long Term Compensation 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Other Annual ) 
 Restricted Stock Awards ) 
 Securities Under-Lying Options/SARs (#) 
 LTIP Payouts( 
 All Other Compensation( 
 
 Joseph Frontiere CEO and Chairman and Interim CFO 
 2022 
 150,000 

2021 
 150,000 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Warrant
Grants 

During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not grant any warrants in compensation for executive position duties. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth, as of January 8, 2023, certain information regarding the ownership of voting securities of Mineral Mountain
by each stockholder known to our management to be (i) the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, (ii) our
directors, (iii) our current executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table, and (iv) all executive officers and directors
as a group. We believe that, except as otherwise indicated, the beneficial owners of the common stock listed below, based on information
furnished by such owners, have sole investment and/or voting power with respect to such shares. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Common Stock Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Percentage of Common Stock Owned (1) 

Joseph Frontiere, CEO and Chairman 
 110,892,887 (2) 
 51.00 
 
 1111 Belt Line Road, Suite 108E 

Garland, Texas 75040 

Derrick Chambers, Director 
 -0- 
 0 
 
 1111 Belt Line Road, Suite 108E 

Garland, Texas 75040 

Douglas Cole, Director 
 -0- 
 0 
 
 1111 Belt Line Road, Suite 108E 

Garland, Texas 75040 

Directors and Officer (4 persons) 
 110,892,887 (2) 
 51.00 

(1) 
 Applicable
 percentage ownership is based on 217,437,033 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of April 14, 2023. Beneficial ownership is determined
 in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect
 to securities. Shares of Common Stock that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2022 are deemed
 to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such person,
 but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

(2) 
 Represents
 one (1) share of Series B Super Voting Preferred Stock, which is entitled to vote together with the holders of our Common Stock upon
 all matters that may be submitted to holders of our Common Stock for a vote, and on all such matters, the share of Series B Super
 Voting Preferred Stock shall be entitled to that number of votes equal to 51 of the total number of votes that all issued and outstanding
 shares of Common Stock and all other securities of the Company are entitled to, as of any such date of determination, on a fully
 diluted basis. At April 13, 2022, the Record Date, the Series B Super Voting Preferred Stock was entitled to 110,892,887 votes, representing
 51 of the 217,437,033 shares of Common Stock outstanding on such Record Date. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related
Party Transactions 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are required to disclose certain transactions to which we are or will be a party and in which any of
our directors, executive officers, or holders of more than 5 of our common stock, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing
persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest in the event the amount of such transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000
or 1 of the average of our total assets at year- end for the last two completed fiscal years. The average of our 2020 and 2021 year-end
assets multiplied by 1 is less than 120,000. 

In
addition to the compensation arrangements with our directors and executive officers, including those discussed in the section titled
 Management and Executive Compensation, the following is a description of each transaction since December 31, 2022 and
each currently proposed transaction in which: 

we
 have been or are to be a participant; 

the
 amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the assets of the Company on the last day of the
 two prior fiscal years; and 

any
 of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock, or any immediate family member
 of, or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals or entities, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Recent
Sales of Equity Securities 

Other
Transactions 

Not
Applicable 

Investments 

The
Company does not have any investments as of the date of this Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Company has not entered into any written Employment Agreements as of the date of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Indemnification
Agreements 

Our
amended and restated bylaws will provide that Mineral Mountain will indemnify each of our directors and officers to the fullest extent
permitted under Idaho law. Our amended and restated bylaws will also provide our board of directors with discretion to indemnify our
employees and other agents when determined appropriate by the board. In addition, we have entered into an indemnification agreement with
each of our directors and executive officers, which requires us to indemnify them. 

Policies
and Procedures for Transactions with Related Persons 

The
Company anticipates adopting a policy that our executive officers, directors, nominees for election as a director, beneficial owners
of more than 5 of any class of our common stock, and any members of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons are not permitted
to enter into a related person transaction with us without the approval or ratification of our board of directors or our audit committee.
Any request for us to enter into a transaction with an executive officer, director, nominee for election as a director, beneficial owner
of more than 5 of any class of our common stock, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, in which the
amount involved exceeds 50,000 and such person would have a direct or indirect interest, must be presented to our board of directors
or our audit committee for review, consideration, and approval. In approving or rejecting any such proposal, our board of directors or
our audit committee is to consider the material facts of the transaction, including whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable
than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related person s
interest in the transaction. 

Disclosure
of Commission Position on Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling
the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, the registrant has been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange
Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
Board of Directors has established an audit committee. The Board of Directors and the audit committee have the responsibility of reviewing
our financial statements, exercising general oversight of the integrity and reliability of our accounting and financial reporting practices,
and monitoring the effectiveness of our internal control systems. The Board of Directors and the audit committee also recommend selection
of the auditing firm and exercise general oversight of the activities of our independent auditors, principal financial and accounting
officers and employees and related matters. 

Aggregate
fees for professional services rendered to the Company by Hudgens Co. for the years ended December 30, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Years Ended 

December 31 
 December 31 
 
 Item 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 15,000- 
 15,000 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 15,000 
 15,000 

20 

 Table of Contents 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Transfer Online, 512 SE Salmon Street, Portland, OR, 97214 (telephone (503) 227-2950,
facsimile (503) 227-6874). 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1)
Financial Statements 

The
consolidated financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are listed in the Index to Financial
Statements and Schedules on page F-1 and included on pages F-2 through F-23. 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are either not required under the related instructions,
are not applicable (and therefore have been omitted), or the required disclosures are contained in the financial statements included
herein. 

(3)
Exhibits. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificates of Incorporation of Quad M Solutions, Inc., filed with the Form S-1/A on November 27, 2018 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended Bylaws of Quad M Solutions, Inc., filed with the Form S-1/A on November 27, 2018 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer (Section 302), filed herewith 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer (Section 302), filed herewith 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer (Section 906), filed herewith 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer (Section 906), filed herewith 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 

We
have filed this Annual Report with the SEC. This Annual Report does not contain all of the information included in the exhibits and schedules
thereto as permitted by the rules and regulations of the SEC. For further information with respect to Quad M Solutions, Inc., please
refer to the Annual Report, including its exhibits and schedules. Statements contained in this Annual Report as to the contents of any
contract or other document referred to herein are not necessarily complete and, where the contract or other document is an exhibit to
the Annual Report, each such statement is qualified in all respects by the provisions of such exhibit, to which reference is hereby made.
Upon completion of the Annual Report, we are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 and, in accordance therewith, we will file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the
SEC. 

You
can read our SEC filings, including the Annual Report, over the Internet at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. You may also read
and copy any document we file with the SEC at its public reference facilities at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549. You may also
obtain copies of the documents at prescribed rates by writing to the Public Reference Section of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington,
DC 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference facilities. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned. 

QUAD
 M SOLUTIONS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Joseph Frontiere 

Joseph
 Frontiere 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman and Interim Chief financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Derrick Chambers 

Derrick
 Chambers 

Director 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Douglas Cole 

Douglas
 Cole 

Director 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 

22 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1/31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT AND RULE 13A-14(A) 

 OR
15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I,
Joseph Frontiere, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this transition report on Form 10-K of Quad M Solutions, Inc. 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Joseph Frontiere 

Joseph
 Frontiere 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1/32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Transition Report on Form 10-K of Quad M Solutions, Inc. (the Company ), for the financial year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph Frontiere,
Chief Executive Officer, President, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Joseph Frontiere 

Name:
 
 Joseph
 Frontiere 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 mmmm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 mmmm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 mmmm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 mmmm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

