<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230508_10-K_edgar_data_1335112_0001575872-23-000678.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18211252</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>310626</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1347355</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13324135</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1303888</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1456043</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001575872-23-000678.hdr.sgml : 20230508
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230508123205
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001575872-23-000678
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230508
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230508

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LOGIQ, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001335112
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				465057897
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51815
		FILM NUMBER:		23896733

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		85 BROAD STREET, 16-079
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(808) 829-1057

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		85 BROAD STREET, 16-079
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WEYLAND TECH, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150902

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Seratosa Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140421

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sitoa Global Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110826

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001575872-23-000678.txt : 20230508

10-K
 1
 lgiq-20221231.htm
 FORM 10-K

LOGIQ, INC 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended , 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ______ to ______

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of

 incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

 Identification No.)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices, including Zip Code)

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading symbol( s 

Name of each exchange on which registered

N/A

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

(Title of class)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 
 Yes 
 x

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 
 Yes 
 x

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 x

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 x

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

x

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262
(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 
 Yes 
 
 No

The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022
, based upon the closing price of the registrant s common stock as reported by the OTC:QX on such date, 

 was approximately . This calculation does not reflect a determination that persons are affiliates for any other purposes.

As of April 10, 2023 , 
the issuer had 
shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None.

Table of Contents

Page

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 ii 
 USE OF TERMS 

ii 
 PART I 

1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 11 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 23 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 23 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 23 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 23 
 PART II 

24 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 24 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 
 25 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 26 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 37 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 40 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 40 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 40 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 40 
 PART III 

41 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 41 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 48 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 52 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 53 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 53 
 PART IV 

54 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 54 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 55 
 SIGNATURES 

56 

i 

C AUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This annual report on Form 10-K Annual Report and other reports that we file with the SEC contain statements that are considered forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give the Company s current expectations, plans, objectives, assumptions or forecasts of future events. All statements other than statements of current or historical facts contained in this Annual Report, including statements regarding the Company s future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected costs and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as anticipate, could, would, continue estimate, plans, potential, projects, ongoing, expects, management believes, we believe, we intend, and similar expressions. These statements are based on the Company s current plans and are subject to risks and uncertainties, and as such, the Company s actual future activities and results of operations may be materially different from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.

The forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act and are subject to the safe harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Any or all of the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may turn out to be inaccurate, and as such, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The Company has based these forward-looking statements largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that it believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. The forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions due to a number of factors, including:

our ability to raise capital, which in turn is related to the performance of our stock price and liquidity;

dependence on key personnel;

the consummation of that certain business combination with Abri SPAC I, Inc. Abri whereby DLQ, Inc., a Nevada corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company shall merge with a merger subsidiary of Abri and survive as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Abri, a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC) ;

industry competition;

continued growth of mobile app markets;

the operation of our business; and

general economic conditions in the United States.

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and except to the extent required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Furthermore, among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements are the risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factors in this Annual Report and elsewhere in this document and in our other filings with the SEC.

U SE OF TERMS

Except as otherwise indicated by the context, all references in this Annual Report to:

Logiq, Company, we, or our, unless the context otherwise requires, are to Logiq, Inc. and all its subsidiaries that may exist from time to time;

SEC is to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission;

Securities Act is to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;

Exchange Act is to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

U.S. dollar, USD, US and are to the legal currency of the United States.

ii 

P ART I

I tem 1. Business

Corporate Information

Logiq, Inc., formerly known as Weyland Tech, Inc., is a Delaware corporation that was incorporated in 2004. Logiq is headquartered in New York, with offices in New York City and Minneapolis. The Company s common stock is quoted on the OTCQX under the symbol LGIQ , and the NEO Exchange in Canada under the same symbol.

Overview

The Company offers solutions that help small-to-medium-sized businesses SMBs to provide access to and reduce transaction friction of ecommerce for their clients. The Company s solutions are provided through DataLogiq business, a digital marketing analytics business unit that offers proprietary data management, audience targeting and other digital marketing services that improve an SMB s discovery and branding within the vast ecommerce landscape.

The Company, through its DataLogiq platform offers online marketing solutions on a performance marketing and self-serve, Software as a Service SaaS basis. The Company provides its digital marketing to SMBs in a wide variety of industry sectors. The Company believe that SMBs can increase their sales, reach more customers, and promote their products and services using our affordable and cost-effective solutions. The Company recognizes revenue on our SaaS platform when provisioning services for their marketing campaigns. They also recognize revenue on CPL and other metrics for engagements undertaken on a performance marketing basis.

The Company continues to expand its portfolio of offerings and the industries they serve:

In January 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Push Holdings, Inc., headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota. This acquired business, which the Company has rebranded as its DataLogiq division, operates a consumer data management platform powered by lead generation, online marketing, and multichannel reengagement strategies through its owned and operated brands. DataLogiq has developed a proprietary data management platform and integrated with several third-party service providers to optimize the return on its marketing efforts. DataLogiq focuses on consumer engagement and enrichment to maximize its return on acquisition through repeat monetization of each consumer. DataLogiq also licenses its software technology and provides managed technology services to various other e-commerce companies. DataLogiq is located in Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA.

On November 2, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of Fixel AI Inc., thereby acquiring its self-serve MarTech Audience Targeting platform as a further expansion of its DataLogiq product suite.

On March 29, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Rebel AI, Inc., a Delaware corporation Rebel ). By acquiring Rebel and its platform, the Company enables brands and agencies to securely transact media and activate first-party data.

1 

On March 31, 2022 the Company, Battle Bridge Acquisition Co, LLC, a company beneficially owned entirely by the Company (the Buyer ), Section 2383 LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company Seller ), Travis Phipps, an individual Phipps and Robb Billy Billy and, together with Phipps, the Founders and Travis Phipps, as Representative, entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Battle Bridge Purchase Agreement whereby the Buyer agreed to purchase from Seller and Seller agreed to sell to Buyer substantially all of the assets of Seller which represents the Battle Bridge Labs business (the Battle Bridge Assets (collectively, the Transaction ). The consummation of the Transaction (the Closing occurred simultaneously with execution of the Battle Bridge Purchase Agreement on March 31, 2022.

AppLogiq Spin-Off

On December 15, 2021, the Company entered into various agreements with GoLogiq, Inc. (then known as Lovarra), a Nevada corporation GoLogiq and a public reporting company that, at the time, was a majority owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to transfer its AppLogiq business to GoLogiq, subject to customary conditions and approvals and completion of requisite financial statement audits (the Separation ). GoLogiq is a fully reporting U.S. public company. In connection with the Separation, the Company announced that it intended to distribute, on a pro rata basis, 100 of the Company s ownership interests in GoLogiq to the Company s shareholders of record as of December 30, 2021 (the Record Date (the Distribution, and collectively with the Separation, the Spin Off ), which Distribution of said shares was expected to occur approximately six months from completion of the Separation (the Distribution Date ), subject to customary conditions and approvals.

On January 27, 2022, the Company completed the transfer of its AppLogiq business to GoLogiq. In connection with the completion of the transfer of AppLogiq to GoLogiq, GoLogiq issued 26,350,756 shares of its common stock to the Company (the GoLogiq Shares ). The Company held the GoLogiq Shares until it distributed 100 of the GoLogiq Shares to the Company s stockholders of record as of December 30, 2021 on a 1-for-1 basis (i.e. for every 1 share of Logiq held on December 30, 2021, the holder thereof will receive 1 share of Lovarra) upon completion of the Distribution.

On July 27, 2022, the Company completed the Distribution and Spin Off. As a result, the Company no longer has a direct equity ownership of GoLogiq.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company controlled, through one of its subsidiaries, approximately 11.1 of the GoLogiq s issued and outstanding shares of common stock.

Pending DataLogiq Spin-off

On September 9, 2022, the Company and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, DLQ, Inc., a Nevada corporation DLQ entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Abri SPAC I, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Abri ), and Abri Merger Sub Merger Sub wherein Merger Sub will merge with and into DLQ with DLQ being the surviving company Surviving Company ), and a wholly owned subsidiary of Abri. The Merger is expected to close after obtaining the required approval by the stockholders of Abri and the Company, and upon the satisfaction of certain other customary closing conditions Closing ).

At Closing Abri will deliver to the Company 114 million worth of shares Abri common stock, par value 0.0001, at 10.00 per share (the Merger Consideration Shares ). Also at Closing, the Company will issue a dividend to its shareholders on a pro-rata basis equal to 25 of the aggregate Merger Consideration Shares (the Dividend Shares ), payable to the Company shareholders of record as of a record date to be set shortly before Closing. More information relating to the Merger Agreement, the dividend and the various agreements associated with the Merger Agreement can be found in the Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 12, 2022.

2 

Products

DATALogiq operates its DATALogiq-branded consumer data management platform powered by lead generation, online marketing, and multichannel reengagement strategies through its owned and operated brands.

DATALogiq has developed a proprietary data management platform and integrates with several third-party service providers to optimize the return on its marketing efforts. DATALogiq focuses on consumer engagement and data enrichment to maximize its return on acquisition through repeat monetization of each consumer. DATALogiq also licenses its software technology and provides managed technology services to various other e-commerce companies.

Product Development

DATALogiq is developing an end-to-end marketing technology platform utilizing big data and artificial intelligence AI for enterprise and SMB clients that will allow clients to develop desired target audiences, activate campaigns, insert creative content and broadcast through a cost-effective advertising channel for the campaign. Development of our software is focused on expanding product lines, designing enhancements to our core technologies, and integrating existing and new products into our principal software architecture and platform technologies. We intend to continue to offer regular updates to our products and to continue to look for opportunities to expand our existing suite of products and services. To date, we have primarily developed products internally, sometimes also licensing or acquiring products, or portions of products, from third parties. These arrangements sometimes require that we pay royalties to third parties. We intend to continue to license or otherwise acquire technology or products from third parties when it makes business sense to do so. In the third quarter of 2020, we rebranded under the Logiq name.

Our offerings now extend to AI-powered, SaaS-based digital marketing solutions for enterprises and major brands. Our customer relationships now range from over one hundred SMBs around the world to publicly traded Fortune 1000 companies. Among the most notable customers are QuinStreet (a marketing technology company), and Sunrun (a solar company).

DATALogiq s data engine uses proprietary methodologies and AI systems to deliver valuable consumer insights that can dramatically enhance the effectiveness, reach, and return on investment of online marketing spend for enterprises and major brands. Alongside DataLogiq is our new Fixel subsidiary that offers simplified online marketing with critical privacy features.

DATALogiq s data engines offers a uniquely powerful e-commerce and m-commerce platform for many types of businesses and brands. We have and will continue to integrate, existing and new, cutting-edge services with the aim of providing a comprehensive and differentiated e-commerce and m-commerce offering for our existing and interested, new customers. Soon after the close of the Push asset acquisition, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic quickly emerged, with global lockdowns and the corresponding impact on SMBs. Fortunately, due to the diversification of our revenue sources we have thus far been able to weather the storm.

Our DATALogiq e-commerce data-driven digital marketing business has benefited by shifting to the many solely online businesses that have experienced an uptick in demand due to the pandemic.

Importantly, for DATALogiq, the acquisition of Fixel and its audience targeting solution has meant the introduction of a new SaaS revenue stream. Audience targeting is the ability to take the full audience of prospective customers and segment it into groups based on different criteria, including online behavioral characteristics, demographics, interests, and intent. The acquisition reflects our ability to adapt to the substantial industry shift that the end of the third party cookies represents. Fixel provides a timely solution to the loss of third party data that addresses the consumer privacy concerns that gave rise to the coming decline in third party cookies.

3 

Our Competitive Strengths

Logiq has an AI-driven, first party data, privacy compliant targeting solution that does not rely on third party cookie solutions. Our proprietary technology does not use any personally identifiable information or third party cookie information. Rather, it relies only on first party data collected on an advertiser s or publisher s website. The AI engine has the unique ability to determine the most engaged visitors to a website and then use that information to target them on Google, Facebook, Yahoo, Bing, LinkedIn, TradeDesk and other major platforms. At the heart of our data solution lies the value the AI engine that analyzes and makes judgements about all visitors to a site.

By segmenting site visitors into Baseline, Medium and High categories, these designations can be leveraged when creating campaigns on any of these destinations. These segments are touted to give our customers the best insight into who are the most engaged audiences in the 90 to 95 of site visitors who don t convert.

Across advertisers, publishers, agencies and tech platforms (such as demand side platforms that allow buyers of digital advertising inventory to manage multiple advertising exchange and data exchange accounts through one interface), the Logiq solution is viewed by existing customers (through their feedback to Logiq) to be a solution that can gain rapid adoption, as the industry trend is one where ecosystem constituents look to move away from their current third party cookie targeting initiatives. Our solution is not only for advertising purposes but could also be applied to a marketer s analytics stack to gain deeper insights and understanding of their visitors behavior.

Today, Logiq uses its proprietary advertising and marketing technology platform to provide direct-to-consumer marketing services to advertisers. Our technology platform has proven to find in-market audiences and convert them to paying customers. Today, our technology is being used by enterprise brands such as Sunrun and QuinStreet. A key next phase of the Company is to go downstream to small to medium size e-commerce agencies and brands by providing a new kind of marketing solution that delivers enterprise level capabilities via a simplified, do-it-yourself, automated platform.

Our Strategy

Our growth strategy is a multi-pronged approach, consisting of the following:

Development of an end-to-end unified SaaS offering. We expect to unify all of our technology platforms into one framework to provide a streamlined user experience for customers to leverage all of our services through a SaaS model.

Expand our customer base and business relationships. Today, we are already installed in major media companies and technology platforms. We intend to increase the usage of our technology and deepen technology relationships to drive increased revenue.

Expand salesforce to acquire new brands and online advertisers. We intend to increase our salesforce to expand our existing business relationships with leading media networks and advertising agencies and to aggressively activate new brand advertiser relationships and business joint ventures.

Focus on SMBs. We believe that there is a significant opportunity for an end-to-end advertising and marketing technology solution for SMBs seeking to grow their online sales without dealing with the many challenges of integrating multiple point solutions. We intend to heavily market our platforms to SMBs.

Maintain innovation. We continue to develop and introduce new features and improved functionality to our platforms. Key initiatives include development of easy to use self serve platforms for SMBs, and continued development of AI-driven marketing technologies.

4 

Sales and Marketing

Our sales and marketing efforts are focused on promoting sales, producing expert content and brand awareness. Given the nature of SaaS product platforms and the primary target market of SMBs, a typical go-to-market strategy would have a direct sales force or resellers approach SMBs directly to drive our revenue.

Markets, Geography, and Seasonality

Our products and services are predominantly sold in North America. Based on current and historical balance sheets and statement of operations, it appears that the business and operations do experience seasonality with respect to our sales though such seasonality appears to be unpredictable. Although we believe our customers historical buying patterns and budgetary cycles may be a factor that impacts quarterly sales results, we are not able to reliably predict its sales based on seasonality because outside factors (timing, introduction of new products and services, and other economic factors impacting our industry) can also substantially impact revenues during the year.

Major Customers

For the DATALogiq business in the year ended December 31, 2022, there is no significant customer concentration risk based on our total consolidated revenues.

Research and Development

Our R D strategy is to offer cutting edge financial, marketing, and advertising technology to the Company s present and future customers. The Company continues to invest in website and its e-commerce platform. In addition, the Company continues to develop its system support knowledge base and other internal systems. The Company s commercial and corporate-strategy functions collaborate closely with the R D team on the Company s priorities. The R D strategy determines what capabilities and technologies the Company must have in place to bring the desired solutions to market. R D capabilities are the technical abilities to discover, develop, or scale marketable solutions. Capabilities are unlocked by a combination of technologies and assets, as well as a focus on the outcomes. The choices of operating model and organizational design will ultimately determine how well the R D strategy is executed.

Competition

Our business is rapidly evolving and highly competitive. Our current and potential competitors include: (i) advertising companies, web design firms and other digital marketing companies; (ii) a number of indirect competitors, including media companies, web portals, comparison shopping websites, and web search engines, either directly or in collaboration with SMBs. We believe that the principal competitive factors in the digital marketing business include ease of use, affordability and broad range of functionality. Many of our current and potential competitors have greater resources, longer histories, more customers, and greater brand recognition. We may adopt more aggressive pricing and devote more resources to technology, functionality and ease of use and marketing. Other companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions.

We face competition principally from regional players that operate across several markets in the United States. We also face competition from single-market players. We compete to attract, engage and retain buyers based on the variety and value of products and services listed on its marketplaces. We also compete to attract and retain sellers based on the number and engagement of buyers, the effectiveness and value of the marketing services offered, commission rates and the usefulness of the services provided including data and analytics for potential buyer targeting and the availability of support services.

5 

Intellectual Property

The Company has acquired the rights to the following United States trademarks through its acquisition of the Push assets:

1.

 United States Trademark Astrology Nova (Registration Number 5631852), registered under Push Holdings, Inc.

2.

 United States Trademark BlueDrone (Registration Number 5528307), registered under Comiseo, Inc.

The Company is in the process of registering transfers of these trademarks with the United States Patent and Trademark Office into the name of the Company.

The Company has three trademarks pending for registration in the United States for the word mark Logiqx under serial numbers 8885602, 88856050 and 88856033.

Employees

We believe that our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to continue to attract, hire, and retain qualified personnel. 

The Company currently has 23 contracted personnel in the United States. None of our employees are represented by a union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement.

Government Approval

We do not believe that any government agency approval is required for the products and services that we provide to our customers.

6 

Government Regulations

We and our clients currently use pseudonymous data about Internet and mobile app users on our platform to manage and execute digital advertising campaigns in a variety of ways, including delivering advertisements to end users based on their geographic locations, the type of device they are using, their interests as inferred from their web browsing or app usage activity, or their relationships with our clients. Such data is passed to us from third parties, including original equipment manufacturers, application providers, and publishers. We do not use this data to discover the identity of individuals, and we currently prohibit clients, data providers and inventory suppliers from importing data that directly identifies individuals onto our platform.

Our ability, like those of other advertising technology companies, to collect, augment, analyze, use and share data relies upon the ability to uniquely identify devices across websites and applications, and to collect data about user interactions with those devices for purposes such as serving relevant ads and measuring the effectiveness of ads. The processes used to identify devices and similar and associated technologies are governed by U.S. and foreign laws and regulations and dependent upon their implementation within the industry ecosystem. Such laws, regulations, and industry standards may change from time to time, including those relating to the level of consumer notice, consent and/or choice required when a company employs cookies or other electronic tools to collect data about interactions with users online.

In the U.S., both federal and state legislation govern activities such as the collection and use of data, and privacy in the advertising technology industry has frequently been subject to review by the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ), U.S. Congress, and individual states. Much of the federal oversight on digital advertising in the U.S. currently comes from the FTC, which has primarily relied upon Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, which prohibits companies from engaging in unfair or deceptive trade practices, including alleged violations of representations concerning privacy protections and acts that allegedly violate individuals privacy interests. However, there is increasing consumer concern over data privacy in recent years, which has led to a myriad of proposed legislation and new legislation both at the federal and state levels, some of which has affected and will continue to affect our operations and those of our industry partners. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA ), which went into effect January 1, 2020, defines personal information broadly enough to include online identifiers provided by individuals devices, applications, and protocols (such as IP addresses, mobile application identifiers and unique cookie identifiers) and individuals location data, if there is potential that individuals can be identified by such data.

The CCPA creates individual data privacy rights for consumers in the State of California (including rights to deletion of and access to personal information), imposes special rules on the collection of consumer data from minors, creates new notice obligations and new limits on and rules regarding the sale of personal information (interpreted by many observers to include common advertising practices), and creates a new and potentially severe statutory damages framework for violations of the CCPA and for businesses that fail to implement reasonable security procedures and practices to prevent data breaches. The CCPA also offers the possibility to a consumer to recover statutory damages for certain violations and could open the door more broadly to additional risks of individual and class-action lawsuits even though the statute s private right of action is limited in scope. There have been many class action lawsuits filed invoking the CCPA outside of the private right of action provided for by the law. It is unclear at this point whether any of these claims will be accepted by the courts. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA, recently passed, which will impose additional notice and opt out obligations on the digital advertising space, including an obligation to provide an opt out for behavioral advertising. When the CPRA goes into full effect in January 2023, it will impose additional restrictions on us and on our industry partners; it is difficult to predict with certainty the full effect of the CPRA and its implementing regulations on the industry.

As our business is global, our activities are also subject to foreign legislation and regulation. In the European Union (including the European Economic Area (the EEA and the countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway), or EU, separate laws and regulations (and member states implementations thereof) govern the processing of personal data, and these laws and regulations continue to impact us. The General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which applies to us, came into effect on May 25, 2018. Like the CCPA, the GDPR defines personal data broadly, and it enhances data protection obligations for controllers of such data and for service providers processing the data. It also provides certain rights, such as access and deletion, to the individuals about whom the personal data relates. The digital advertising industry has collaborated to create a user-facing framework for establishing and managing legal bases under the GDPR and other EU privacy laws including ePrivacy (discussed below). Although the framework is actively in use, it is under attack by the Belgian Data Protection Authority and others and we cannot predict its effectiveness over the long term. European regulators have questioned the framework s viability and activists have filed complaints with regulators of alleged non-compliance by specific companies that employ the framework. Continuing to maintain compliance with the GDPR s requirements, including monitoring and adjusting to rulings and interpretations that affect our approach to compliance, requires significant time, resources and expense, and may lead to significant changes in our business operations, as will the effort to monitor whether additional changes to our business practices and our backend configuration are needed, all of which may increase operating costs, or limit our ability to operate or expand our business.

7 

Additionally, in the EU, EU Directive 2002/58/EC (as amended by Directive 2009/136/EC), commonly referred to as the ePrivacy or Cookie Directive, directs EU member states to ensure that accessing information on an Internet user s computer, such as through a cookie and other similar technologies, is allowed only if the Internet user has been informed about such access, and provided consent. A recent ruling by the Court of Justice of the European Union clarified that such consent must be reflected by an affirmative act of the user, and European regulators are increasingly agitating for more robust forms of consent. These developments may result in decreased reliance on implied consent mechanisms that have been used to meet requirements of the Cookie Directive in some markets. A replacement for the Cookie Directive is currently under discussion by EU member states to complement and bring electronic communication services in line with the GDPR and force a harmonized approach across EU member states. Although it remains under debate, the proposed ePrivacy Regulation may further raise the bar for the use of cookies, and the fines and penalties for breach may be significant. We cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations, and standards may have on our business.

As the collection and use of data for digital advertising has received media attention over the past several years, some government regulators, such as the FTC, and privacy advocates have suggested creating a Do Not Track standard that would allow Internet users to express a preference, independent of cookie settings in their browser, not to have their online browsing activities tracked. The CPRA similarly contemplates the use of technical opt outs for the sale and sharing of personal information for advertising purposes as well as to opt out of the use of sensitive information for advertising purposes, and allows for AG rulemaking to develop these technical signals. If a Do Not Track, Do Not Sell, or similar control is adopted by many Internet users or if a Do Not Track standard is imposed by state, federal, or foreign legislation (as it arguably is to some degree under the CCPA regulations), or is agreed upon by standard setting groups, we may have to change our business practices, our clients may reduce their use of our platform, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Furthermore, additional governmental regulations, including foreign governmental regulations, may affect our business. For more information, see the section Risk Factors .

Environmental Matters

No significant pollution or other types of hazardous emission result from the Company s operations, and it is not anticipated that our operations will be materially affected by federal, state or local provisions concerning environmental controls. Our costs of complying with environmental health and safety requirements have not been material.

Furthermore, compliance with federal, state and local requirements regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, have not had, nor are they expected to have, any material effect on the capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position of the Company. However, we will continue to monitor emerging developments in this area.

Corporate Information

Our principal executive offices are located at 85 Broad Street, 16-079, New York, NY 10004 and our telephone number is (808) 829-1057. We do not incorporate the information on our website into this Annual Report and you should not consider it part of this Annual Report.

Company Website

We maintain a corporate Internet website at: www.logiq.com

The contents of this website are not incorporated in or otherwise to be regarded as part of this Annual Report.

We file reports with the SEC which are available on our website free of charge. These reports include annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, Section 16 filings on Form 3, Form 4, and Form 5, and other related filings, each of which is provided on our website as soon as reasonably practical after we electronically file such materials with or furnish them to the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including the Company. 

8 

Three Year History

2020

On January 8, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Push (the Push Transaction ). At closing, the Company issued 28,571,428 Common Shares to ConversionPoint (Push s parent company) and a further 7,142,857 Common Shares were issued and placed in an independent third-party escrow where such Common Shares will be released to ConversionPoint if the acquired Push business achieves certain performance milestone requirements, subject to offset for indemnification purposes. The Company obtained an independent valuation opinion with respect to the acquired business.

On February 25, 2020, the Board filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to effectuate the Reverse Split. The Reverse Split became effective on February 27, 2020. Immediately following the Reverse Split, the total number of the Common Shares held by each stockholder was converted automatically into the number of whole Common Shares equal to the number of issued and outstanding Common Shares held by such stockholder immediately prior to the Reverse Split, divided by 13. The Reverse Split did not change the authorized capital stock of the Company. The Company continues to be authorized to issue up to 250,000,000 Common Shares.

On August 11, 2020, the Company, entered into a binding letter of intent to acquire Fixel AI Inc. Fixel ). Founded in July of 2017, Fixel has a fully automated audience segmentation software suite that ranks audiences according to their level of engagement. Fixel s software helps e-commerce and digital agency marketers to create and retarget high return on ad spend audiences using cutting edge A.I. and big data technology. Fixel technology solutions enables automated audience segmentation for the purpose of creating lookalike audiences and remarketing to highly engaged visitors that otherwise failed to convert in the sales funnel. Fixel allows clients to run Data Driven marketing campaigns efficiently improving Return on add spend and sales conversions while still exceeding other corporate KPIs.

On October 30, 2020, the Company and Fixel entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Fixel Merger Agreement pursuant to which Logiq Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company formed solely for the purpose of this transaction, merged with Fixel (the Merger ). Following the Merger, the surviving entity continued its existence as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and the shareholders of Fixel received 564,467 Common Shares (the Consideration Shares at a deemed issue price of US 8.86 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately US 5,000,000. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, 112,868 Consideration Shares were placed in escrow with a third party escrow agent in order to establish a holdback mechanism with respect to 1,000,000 worth of the Consideration Shares to secure the Fixel shareholders obligations under the Agreement and Plan of Merger for a period of 18 months following the closing of the Merger. On November 2, 2020, the Merger occurred.

2021

On March 3, 2021, the Company, RAI Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), Rebel AI, Inc., a Delaware corporation Rebel AI ), and Emmanuel Puentes, on behalf of the stockholders of Rebel AI (in such capacity, the Stockholders Agent ), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which, upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the Closing ), the parties intend to effect a merger of Merger Sub with and into Rebel AI, whereby the separate existence of Merger Sub will cease and Rebel AI will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). The Merger closed on March 29, 2021 and Rebel AI became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. As consideration for the Merger, at the Closing, the Company delivered to those persons set forth in the Merger Agreement an aggregate cash payment of 1,126,000 (the Cash Consideration ), and an aggregate number of restricted shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock ), equal to (i) (x) 7,000,000, divided by (ii) the volume weighted average closing price of the Company s Common Stock for the twenty consecutive trading days prior to Closing (the Stock Consideration, and together with the Cash Consideration, the Merger Consideration ), subject in each case to adjustment as provided in the Merger Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, (i) a portion of the Cash Consideration, in an amount equal to the outstanding balance of that PPP Loan made to Rebel AI in January 2021, shall be withheld at Closing and placed into an escrow account, pending forgiveness or repayment of the PPP Loan, as applicable, and (ii) 2,000,000 of Common Stock shall be withheld from the Stock Consideration and deposited into an escrow account, pending release in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement.

9 

On June 9, 2021, the Company entered into an Agency Agreement (the Agency Agreement with Research Capital Corporation (the Agent relating to a Canadian initial public offering (the Offering by the Company of a minimum of 1,666,667 units of securities (each, a Unit ), and a maximum of 3,333,333 Units, at a price of C 3.00 per Unit (the Offering Price ), for minimum gross proceeds of C 5,000,000, and maximum gross proceeds of C 10,000,000. Each Unit consists of (i) one share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock , and the Common Stock included in a Unit being a Unit Share ), and (ii) one Common Stock purchase warrant (each, a Warrant ), where each Warrant entitles the holder thereof to acquire one share of Common Stock (each, a Warrant Share at an exercise price of C 3.50 per Warrant Share, subject to adjustment, at any time before the third anniversary (the Warrant Expiry Date of June 17, 2021 (the Closing Date ). The Warrants will be governed by a warrant indenture (the Warrant Indenture between the Company and Odyssey Trust Company (the Warrant Agent ). No Units will be issued, however, as the Units will be immediately separated and purchasers will receive only shares of Common Stock and Warrants. Furthermore, the Company agreed to issue 83,333 units of securities (the Advisory Fee Units to the Agent as compensation for certain strategic advisory and support services rendered. This number was determined by dividing C 250,000 by the Offering Price. Each Advisory Fee Unit is comprised of (i) one share of Common Stock, and (ii) one warrant exercisable to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of C 3.50 for a period of 36 months from the Closing Date. On June 21, 2021, the Offering closed whereby the Company sold 1,976,434 Units for aggregate gross proceeds of C 5,929,302 before deducting offering expenses. The Company also issued 83,333 units of securities (the Advisory Fee Units ), and 158,115 non-transferrable compensation options (the Agent Options to the Agent as compensation for certain strategic advisory and support services rendered to the Company in connection with the Offering. Each Advisory Fee Unit is comprised of (i) one share of Common Stock, and (ii) one Warrant. Each Agent Option is exercisable for one Unit at an exercise price of C 3.00 per Unit. On June 21, 2021, the Company s common stock began trading on the NEO Exchange under the symbol LGIQ . The Company s common stock continues to trade in the United States on the OTCQX under the same symbol.

On December 15, 2021, we entered into various agreements with Lovarra, a Nevada corporation Lovarra and public reporting subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to transfer its AppLogiq business to Lovarra, subject to customary conditions and approvals and completion of requisite financial statement audits (the Separation ). Lovarra is a fully reporting U.S. public company, which is approximately 78.5 owned by the Company s wholly owned subsidiary GoLogiq LLC GoLogiq ). In connection with the Separation, the Company intends to distribute, on a pro rata basis, 100 of the Company s ownership interests in Lovarra to the Company s shareholders of record as of December 30, 2021 (the Record Date (the Distribution, and collectively with the Separation, the Spin Off ), which Distribution of said shares is expected to occur six months from completion of the Separation (the Distribution Date ). On January 27, 2022, we completed the transfer of our AppLogiq business to Lovarra. In connection with the completion of the transfer of AppLogiq to Lovarra, Lovarra issued 26,350,756 shares of its common stock to the Company (the Lovarra Shares ). The Company will hold the Lovarra Shares until it distributes 100 of the Lovarra Shares to the Company s stockholders of record as of December 30, 2021 on a 1-for-1 basis (i.e. for every 1 share of Logiq held on December 30, 2021, the holder thereof will receive 1 share of Lovarra), which the Company intends to complete approximately 6 months from now, subject to customary conditions and approvals. Until such time as the Distribution is complete, we will consolidate and report the financials of the AppLogiq business as a consolidated subsidiary of Logiq.

2022

On January 27, 2022, the Company completed the transfer of its AppLogiq business to GoLogiq. In connection with the completion of the transfer of AppLogiq to GoLogiq, GoLogiq issued 26,350,756 shares of its common stock to the Company (the GoLogiq Shares ). The Company held the GoLogiq Shares until it distributed 100 of the GoLogiq Shares to the Company s stockholders of record as of December 30, 2021 on a 1-for-1 basis (i.e. for every 1 share of Logiq held on December 30, 2021, the holder thereof will receive 1 share of Lovarra) upon completion of the Distribution. On July 27, 2022, the Company completed the Distribution and Spin Off. As a result, the Company no longer has a direct equity ownership of GoLogiq.

On March 31, 2022 the Company, Battle Bridge Acquisition Co, LLC, a company beneficially owned entirely by the Company (the Buyer ), Section 2383 LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company Seller ), Travis Phipps, an individual Phipps and Robb Billy Billy and, together with Phipps, the Founders and Travis Phipps, as Representative, entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Battle Bridge Purchase Agreement whereby the Buyer agreed to purchase from Seller and Seller agreed to sell to Buyer substantially all of the assets of Seller which represents the Battle Bridge Labs business (the Battle Bridge Assets (collectively, the Transaction ). The consummation of the Transaction (the Closing occurred simultaneously with execution of the Battle Bridge Purchase Agreement on March 31, 2022.

On September 9, 2022, the Company and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, DLQ, Inc., a Nevada corporation DLQ entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Abri SPAC I, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Abri ), and Abri Merger Sub Merger Sub wherein Merger Sub will merge with and into DLQ with DLQ being the surviving company Surviving Company ), and a wholly owned subsidiary of Abri. The Merger is expected to close after obtaining the required approval by the stockholders of Abri and the Company, and upon the satisfaction of certain other customary closing conditions Closing ). At Closing Abri will deliver to the Company 114 million worth of shares Abri common stock, par value 0.0001, at 10.00 per share (the Merger Consideration Shares ). Also at Closing, the Company will issue a dividend to its shareholders on a pro-rata basis equal to 25 of the aggregate Merger Consideration Shares (the Dividend Shares ), payable to the Company shareholders of record as of a record date to be set shortly before Closing. More information relating to the Merger Agreement, the dividend and the various agreements associated with the Merger Agreement can be found in the Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 12, 2022.

10 

I tem 1A. Risk Factors

Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the related notes, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. In addition to other information in this Annual Report and in other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating our business as they may have a significant impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. Because of the following factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, past financial performance should not be considered as a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS

We are subject to risks associated with changing technologies in the mobile apps industry, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage.

The successful implementation of our business strategy requires us to continuously evolve our existing solutions and introduce new solutions to meet customers needs. We believe that our customers rigorously evaluate our solution and service offerings on the basis of a number of factors, including, but not limited to: quality; price competitiveness; technical expertise and development capability; innovation; reliability and timeliness of delivery; operational flexibility; customer service; and overall management.

Our success depends on our ability to continue to meet our customers changing requirements and specifications with respect to these and other criteria. There can be no assurance that we will be able to address technological advances or introduce new offerings that may be necessary to remain competitive within the mobile apps industry.

Systems failures could cause interruptions in our services or decreases in the responsiveness of our services which could harm our business.

If our systems fail to perform for any reason, we could experience disruptions in operations, slower response times, or decreased customer satisfaction. Our ability to host mobile apps successfully and provide high quality customer service depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our hosting company s computer and communications hardware and software systems. Although unlikely, our hosting company s systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from human error, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, break-ins, sabotage, computer viruses, intentional acts of vandalism, and similar events. Any systems failure that causes an interruption in our services or decreases the responsiveness of our services could impair our reputation, damage our brand name, and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows.

If our security is breached, our business could be disrupted, our operating results could be harmed, and customers could be deterred from using our products and services.

Our business relies on the secure electronic transmission, storage, and hosting of sensitive information, including financial information, and other sensitive information relating to our customers, company, and workforce. As a result, we face some risk of a deliberate or unintentional incident involving unauthorized access to our computer systems (including, among other methods, cyber- attacks or social engineering) that could result in misappropriation or loss of assets or sensitive information, data corruption, or other disruption of business operations. In light of this risk, we have devoted significant resources to protecting and maintaining the confidentiality of our information, including implementing security and privacy programs and controls, training our workforce, and implementing new technology. We have no guarantee that these programs and controls will be adequate to prevent all possible security threats. We believe that any compromise of our electronic systems, including the unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of sensitive information or a significant disruption of our computing assets and networks, would adversely affect our reputation and our ability to fulfill contractual obligations, and would require us to devote significant financial and other resources to mitigate such problems, and could increase our future cyber security costs. Moreover, unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of such sensitive information could result in contractual or other liability. In addition, any real or perceived compromise of our security or disclosure of sensitive information may result in lost revenues by deterring customers from using or purchasing our products and services in the future or prompting them to use competing service providers.

11 

Delays in the release of new or enhanced products or services or undetected errors in our products or services may result in increased cost to us, delayed market acceptance of our products, and delayed or lost revenue.

To achieve market acceptance, new or enhanced products or services can require long development and testing periods, which may result in delays in scheduled introduction. Any delays in the release schedule for new or enhanced products or services may delay market acceptance of these products or services and may result in delays in new or existing customers from using these new or enhanced products or services or the loss of new or existing customers. In addition, new or enhanced products or services may contain a number of undetected errors or bugs when they are first released. Although we extensively test each new or enhanced product or service before it is released to the market, there can be no assurance that significant errors will not be found in existing or future releases. As a result, in the months following the introduction of certain releases, we may need to devote significant resources to correct these errors. There can be no assurance, however, that all of these errors can be corrected.

Defects or errors in our applications could harm our reputation, result in significant cost to us and impair our ability to market our products and services.

Our applications may contain defects or errors, some of which may be material. Errors may result from our own technology or from the interface of our cloud-based solutions with legacy systems and data, which we did not develop. The risk of errors is particularly significant when a new product is first introduced or when new versions or enhancements of existing products are released. The likelihood of errors is increased when we do more frequent releases of new products and enhancements of existing products. We have, from time to time, found defects in our applications. Although these past defects have not resulted in any litigation against us to date, we have invested significant capital, technical, managerial, and other resources to investigate and correct these past defects and we have needed to divert these resources from other development efforts. In addition, material performance problems or defects in our applications may arise in the future. Material defects in our cloud-based solutions could result in a reduction in sales, delay in market acceptance of our applications, or credits or refunds to our customers. In addition, such defects may lead to the loss of existing customers and difficulty in attracting new customers, diversion of development resources, or harm to our reputation. Correction of defects or errors could prove to be impossible or impractical. The costs incurred in correcting any defects or errors or in responding to resulting claims or liability may be substantial and could adversely affect our operating results.

If we are not able to reliably meet our data storage and management requirements, or if we experience any failure or interruption in the delivery of our services over the Internet, customer satisfaction and our reputation could be harmed and customer contracts may be terminated.

As part of our current business model, we deliver our applications over the Internet and store and manage hundreds of terabytes of data for our customers, resulting in substantial information technology infrastructure and ongoing technological challenges, which we expect to continue to increase over time. If we do not reliably meet these data storage and management requirements, or if we experience any failure or interruption in the delivery of our services over the Internet, customer satisfaction and our reputation could be harmed, leading to reduced revenues and increased expenses. Our hosting services are subject to service-level agreements and, in the event that we fail to meet guaranteed service or performance levels, we could be subject to customer credits or termination of these customer contracts. If the cost of meeting these data storage and management requirements increases, our results of operations could be harmed.

Upgrading our products and services could result in implementation issues and business disruptions.

We update our products and services on a periodic basis. In doing so, we face the possibility that existing customers will find the updated product and/or service unacceptable, or new customers may not be as interested as they have been in the past versions. Furthermore, translation errors might introduce new software and/or technical bugs that will not be caught.

New entrants and the introduction of other platforms in our markets may harm our competitive position.

The markets for development, distribution, and sale of offering SMBs a platform to create mobile apps for their business are rapidly evolving. New entrants seeking to gain market share by introducing new technology, new products, and new platforms may make it more difficult for us to sell our products which could create increased pricing pressure, reduced profit margins, increased sales and marketing expenses, or the loss of market share or expected market share, any of which may significantly harm our business, operating results and financial condition.

12 

Our future success depends on our ability to develop and successfully introduce new and enhanced products that meet the needs of our customers.

Our sales depend on our ability to anticipate our existing and prospective customers needs and develop products that address those needs. Our future success will depend on our ability to design new products, anticipate technological improvements and enhancements, and to develop products that are competitive in the rapidly changing mobile apps industry. Introduction of new products and product enhancements will require coordination of our efforts with our customers to develop products that offer performance features desired by our customers and performance and functionality superior or more cost effective than solutions offered by our competitors. If we fail to coordinate these efforts, develop product enhancements or introduce new products that meet the needs of our customers as scheduled, our operating results will be materially and adversely affected, and our business and prospects will be harmed. We cannot assure that product introductions will meet our anticipated release schedules or that our products will be competitive in the market. Furthermore, given the rapidly changing nature of the mobile apps market, there can be no assurance our products and technology will not be rendered obsolete by alternative or competing technologies.

Our cost structure is partially fixed. If our revenues decline and we are unable to reduce our costs, our profitability will be adversely affected.

Our cost structure is partially fixed, and if our revenues decrease, these fixed costs will not be reduced. We base our cost structure on historical and expected levels of demand for our services, as well as our fixed operating infrastructure, such as computer hardware, software, and staffing levels. If demand for our services declines, and as a result, our revenues decline, we may not be able to adjust our cost structure on a timely basis and our profitability may be materially adversely affected.

Attrition of customers and failure to attract new customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and cash flows.

Although we offer mobile apps designed to support and retain our customers, our efforts to attract new customers or prevent attrition of our existing customers may not be successful. If we are unable to retain our existing customers or acquire new customers in a cost-effective manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations, and cash flows would likely be adversely affected. Although we have spent significant resources on business development and related expenses and plan to continue to do so, these efforts may not be cost-effective at attracting new customers.

Our ability to sustain or increase revenues will depend upon our success in entering new markets, continuing to increase our customer base, and in deriving additional revenues from our existing customers.

One component of our overall business strategy is to derive more revenues from our existing customers by expanding their use of our products and services. Such strategy would have our customers utilize our PaaS platforms and our tools and components to leverage vast amounts of information stored in both corporate databases and public data sources in order to make informed business decisions during the research and development process. In addition, we seek to expand into new markets, and new areas within our existing markets, by potentially acquiring businesses in these markets, attracting and retaining personnel knowledgeable in these markets, identifying the needs of these markets, and developing marketing programs to address these needs. If successfully implemented, these strategies could increase the usage of our PaaS platforms from SMBs operating within our existing customer base, as well as by new customers in other industries. However, if our strategies are not successfully implemented, our products and services may not achieve market acceptance or penetration in targeted new departments within our existing customers or in new industries. As a result, we may incur additional costs and expend additional resources without being able to sustain or increase revenue.

A pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease in the United States or elsewhere may adversely affect our business.

If a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease occurs in the United States or elsewhere, our business may be adversely affected.

COVID-19 has spread worldwide and has resulted in government authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain it, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and shutdowns. These measures have impacted, and may further impact, our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers and our partners, and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. Our critical business operations, including our headquarters, are located in regions which have been impacted by COVID-19. Our customers worldwide have also been affected and may continue to be affected by COVID-19 related restrictions and closures.

13 

The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices as the Company complies with state mandated requirements for safety in the workplace to ensure the health, safety and well-being of our employees. These measures include personal protective equipment, social distancing, cleanliness of the facilities and daily monitoring of the health of employees in our facilities, as well as modifying our policies on employee travel and the cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences. We may take further actions as required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners and suppliers. However, we have not developed a specific and comprehensive contingency plan designed to address the challenges and risks presented by the COVID-19 pandemic and, even if and when we do develop such a plan, there can be no assurance that such plan will be effective in mitigating the potential adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In addition, while the extent and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and our business in particular is difficult to assess or predict, the pandemic has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption of global financial markets, which may reduce our ability to access capital or our customers ability to pay us for past or future purchases, which could negatively affect our liquidity. A recession or financial market correction resulting from the lack of containment and spread of COVID-19 could impact overall technology spending, adversely affecting demand for our products, our business and the value of our common stock.

The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or a similar health epidemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frame, will depend on future developments, including, but not limited to, the duration and continued spread of the pandemic, its severity, the actions to contain the disease or treat its impact, further related restrictions on travel, and the duration, timing and severity of the impact on customer spending, including any recession resulting from the pandemic, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. An extended period of economic disruption as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material negative impact on our business, results of operations, access to sources of liquidity and financial condition, though the full extent and duration is uncertain.

If we are not successful in selecting and integrating the businesses and technologies we acquire, or in managing our current and future divestitures, our business may suffer.

Over the years, we have expanded our business through acquisitions. We continue to search to acquire businesses and technologies and form strategic alliances. However, businesses and technologies may not be available on terms and conditions we find acceptable. We risk spending time and money investigating and negotiating with potential acquisition or alliance partners, but not completing transactions. Even if completed, acquisitions and alliances involve numerous risks which may include: difficulties in achieving business and continuing financial success; difficulties and expenses incurred in assimilating and integrating operations, services, products, technologies, or pre-existing relationships with our customers, distributors, and suppliers; challenges with developing and operating new businesses, including those which are materially different from our existing businesses and which may require the development or acquisition of new internal capabilities and expertise; challenges of maintaining staffing at the acquired entities, including loss of key employees; potential losses resulting from undiscovered liabilities of acquired companies that are not covered by the indemnification we may obtain from the seller(s); the presence or absence of adequate internal controls and/or significant fraud in the financial systems of acquired companies; diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; acquisitions could be dilutive to earnings, or in the event of acquisitions made through the issuance of our common stock to the shareholders of the acquired company, dilutive to the percentage of ownership of our existing shareholders; new technologies and products may be developed which cause businesses or assets we acquire to become less valuable; and risks that disagreements or disputes with prior owners of an acquired business, technology, service, or product may result in litigation expenses and distribution of our management s attention. In the event that an acquired business or technology or an alliance does not meet our expectations, our results of operations may be adversely affected.

Some of the same risks exist when we decide to sell a business, site, product line, or division. In addition, divestitures could involve additional risks, including the following: difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products, and personnel; and the need to agree to retain or assume certain current or future liabilities in order to complete the divestiture. We evaluate the performance and strategic fit of our businesses. These and any divestitures may result in significant write-offs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies at acceptable prices and terms and in a timely manner. We may not be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we encounter in divesting a business, site, product line, or division, and as a result, we may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the divestitures.

If we are unable to manage our growth and expand our operations successfully, our business and operating results will be harmed and our reputation may be damaged.

We have expanded our operations significantly since inception and anticipate that further significant expansion will be required to achieve our business objectives. The growth and expansion of our business and product offerings places a continuous and significant strain on our management, operational, and financial resources. Any such future growth would also add complexity to and require effective coordination throughout our organization. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital and processes in an efficient manner. We may not be able to successfully implement improvements to these systems and processes in a timely or efficient manner, which could result in additional operating inefficiencies and could cause our costs to increase more than planned. If we do increase our operating expenses in anticipation of the growth of our business and this growth does not meet our expectations, our operating results may be negatively impacted. If we are unable to manage future expansion, our ability to provide high quality products and services could be harmed, which could damage our reputation and brand and may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.

14 

We may be unable to respond to customers demands for new mobile app solutions and service offerings, and our business, financial condition and results of operations, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.

Our customers may demand new mobile app solutions and service offerings. If we fail to identify these demands from customers or update our offerings accordingly, new offerings provided by our competitors may render our existing solutions and services less competitive. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to respond to customers demands for new offerings on a timely and cost-effective basis and to adapt to address the increasingly sophisticated requirements and varied needs of our customers and prospective customers. We may not be successful in developing, introducing or marketing new offerings. In addition, our new offerings may not achieve market acceptance. Any failure on our part to anticipate or respond adequately to customer requirements, or any significant delays in the development, introduction or availability of new offerings or enhancements of our current offerings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows.

Increasing competition and increasing costs within our customers industries may affect the demand for our products and services, which may affect our results of operations and financial condition

.

Our customers demand for our products is impacted by continued demand for their products and by our customers research and development costs, budget costs, and capital expenditures. Demand for our customers products could decline, and prices charged by our customers for their products may decline, as a result of increasing competition that our customers face in their respective industries. In addition, our customers expenses could continue to increase as a result of increasing costs of complying with government regulations and other factors. A decrease in demand for our customers products, pricing pressures associated with the sales of these products, and additional costs associated with product development could cause our customers to reduce their research and development costs, budget costs, and capital expenditures. Although we believe our products can help our customers increase productivity, generate additional sales, and reduce costs in many areas, because our products and services depend on such research and development, budget, and capital expenditures, our revenues may be significantly reduced.

We are subject to pricing pressures in some of the markets we serve.

The market for PaaS for the SMB industry is intensely competitive. In response to increased competition and general adverse economic conditions in this market, we may be required to modify our pricing practices. Changes in our pricing model could adversely affect our revenue and earnings.

We may be unable to respond to the evolving industry practices and technology solutions, and our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.

To remain competitive as a mobile app provider, we must continue to invest in research and development of new technology solutions in order to keep up with the ever-evolving industry practices and enhancements to our existing solutions. The process of developing new technologies, products and services is complex and expensive. The introduction of new solutions by our competitors, the market acceptance of competitive solutions based on new or alternative technologies or the emergence of new industry practices could render our solutions less competitive.

We derive a significant percentage of our revenues from a concentrated group of customers and the loss of more than one of our major customers could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

With the new business segment of DATALogiq, on a consolidated revenue basis, there is no significant customer concentration in FY2022. 

No single customer represented significant concentration risk during fiscal year 2022, 2021 and 2020.

15 

Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to avoid material impact on our financial position or results of operations resulting from claims or liabilities against us, and we may not be able to obtain insurance coverage in the future.

We maintain insurance coverage for protection against many risks of liability. The extent of our insurance coverage is under continuous review and is modified as we deem it necessary. Despite this insurance, it is possible that claims or liabilities against us may have a material adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations. In addition, we may not be able to obtain any insurance coverage, or adequate insurance coverage, when our existing insurance coverage expires.

We depend on key personnel and may not be able to retain these employees or recruit additional qualified personnel, which could harm our business.

Our success depends to a significant extent on the continued services of our senior management and other members of management. We have contractual agreements with our CEO, CFO, and COO.

If our CEO, CFO, COO, or other members of senior management do not continue in their present positions, our business may suffer. Because of the nature of our business, we are highly dependent upon attracting and retaining qualified personnel. While we have a strong record of employee retention, there is still significant competition for qualified personnel in our industry. Therefore, we may not be able to attract and retain the qualified personnel necessary for the development of our business. The loss of the services of existing personnel, as well as the failure to recruit additional key technical, UX, and managerial personnel in a timely manner, could harm our business.

Potential changes in U.S. and international tax law.

Tax proposals to reform corporate tax law are constantly being considered. Proposals include both increasing and reducing the corporate statutory tax rate, broadening the corporate tax base through the elimination or reduction of deductions, exclusions, and credits, implementing a territorial regime of taxation, limiting the ability of U.S. corporations to deduct interest expense associated with offshore earnings, modifying the foreign tax credit rules, and reducing the ability to defer U.S. tax on offshore earnings. These or other changes in the U.S. tax laws could increase our effective tax rate, which would affect our profitability.

16 

Any negative commentaries made by any regulatory agencies or any failure by us to comply with applicable regulations and related guidance could harm our reputation and operating results, and compliance with new regulations and guidance may result in additional costs.

Any negative commentaries made by any regulatory agencies or any failure on our part to comply with applicable regulations could result in the termination of customers using our products and services. This could harm our reputation, our prospects for generating future revenue, and our operating results. If our operations are found to violate any applicable law or other governmental regulations, we might be subject to civil and criminal penalties, damages, and fines. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses, divert our management s attention from the operation of our business, and damage our reputation.

Current and future litigation against us, which may arise in the ordinary course of our business, could be costly and time consuming to defend.

We are subject to claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, such as claims brought by our customers in connection with commercial disputes and employment claims made by our current or former employees. Third parties may in the future assert intellectual property rights to technologies that are important to our business and demand back royalties or demand that we license their technology. Litigation may result in substantial costs and may divert management s attention and resources, which may seriously harm our business, overall financial condition, and operating results. Insurance may not cover such claims, may not be sufficient for one or more such claims, and may not continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or underinsured could result in unanticipated costs, negatively affecting our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

We could incur substantial costs resulting from product liability claims relating to our products or services or our customers use of our products or services.

Any failure or errors caused by our products or services could result in a claim for substantial damages against us by our customers, regardless of our responsibility for the failure. Although we are generally entitled to indemnification under our customer contracts against claims brought against us by third parties arising out of our customers use of our products, we might find ourselves entangled in lawsuits against us that, even if unsuccessful, may divert our resources and energy and adversely affect our business. Further, in the event we seek indemnification from a customer, a court may not enforce our indemnification right if the customer challenges it or the customer may not be able to fund any amounts for indemnification owed to us. In addition, our existing insurance coverage may not continue to be available on reasonable terms or may not be available in amounts sufficient to cover one or more large claims, or the insurer may disclaim coverage as to any future claim.

As a public company, we may incur significant administrative workload and expenses in connection with new and changing compliance requirements

.

As a public company with common stock quoted on OTCQX Market, we must comply with various laws, regulations and requirements. New laws and regulations, as well as changes to existing laws and regulations affecting public companies, including the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, and rules adopted by the SEC, may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention as we respond to new requirements.

17 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK

Our quarterly and annual operating results fluctuate and may continue to fluctuate in the future, and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, our stock price and the value of your investment could decline substantially

.

We believe that operating results for any particular quarter are not necessarily a meaningful indication of future results. Nonetheless, fluctuations in our quarterly operating results could negatively affect the market price of our common stock. Our results of operations in any quarter or annual period have varied in the past, and may vary from quarter to quarter or year to year and are influenced by such factors as:

changes in the general global economy;

changes in customer budget cycles;

the number and scope of ongoing customer engagements;

changes in the mix of our products and services;

competitive pricing pressures;

the extent of cost overruns;

buying patterns of our customers;

the timing of new product releases by us or our competitors;

general economic factors, including factors relating to disruptions in the world credit and equity markets and the related impact on our customers access to capital;

our earnings releases, actual or anticipated changes in our earnings, fluctuations in our operating results or our failure to meet the expectations of financial market analysts and investors;

changes in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock;

speculation about our business in the press or the investment community;

significant developments relating to our relationships with our customers or suppliers;

stock market price and volume fluctuations of other publicly traded companies and, in particular, those that are in our industry;

18 

customer demand for our business solutions;

investor perceptions of our industry in general and our Company in particular;

the operating and stock performance of comparable companies;

announcements by us or our competitors of new products, significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or divestitures;

the timing and charges associated with completed acquisitions, divestitures, and other events;

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretation or principles;

changes in tax laws, rules, regulations, and tax rates in the locations in which we operate;

exchange rate fluctuations;

loss of external funding sources;

sales of our common stock, including sales by our directors, officers or significant stockholders; and

addition or departure of key personnel.

Securities class action litigation is often instituted against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. Should this type of litigation be instituted against us, it could result in substantial costs to us and divert our management s attention and resources.

Moreover, securities markets may from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our common stock and other interests in our Company at a time when you may want to sell your interest in our common stock.

If securities or industry analysts issue an adverse opinion regarding our stock or do not publish research or reports about our company, our stock price and trading volume could decline.

The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business. We anticipate having limited analyst coverage and we may continue to have inadequate analyst coverage in the future. Even if we obtain adequate analyst coverage, we would have no control over such analysts or the content and opinions in their reports. Securities analysts may elect not to provide research coverage of our company and such lack of research coverage may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. The price of our common stock could also decline if one or more equity research analysts downgrade our common stock or if those analysts issue other unfavorable commentary or cease publishing reports about us or our business. If one or more equity research analysts cease coverage of our company, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline.

Substantial future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.

The market price of shares of our common stock could decline as a result of substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers and significant stockholders, a large number of shares of our common stock becoming available for sale or the perception in the market that holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares. As of March 31, 2023, we have 74,397,046shares of our common stock outstanding.

19 

Moreover, we may enter into agreements with certain holders of our common stock which could give such holders certain rights, subject to some conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or our stockholders.

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock.

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as may be amended from time to time, may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Some of these provisions:

authorize our board of directors to issue up to 250,000,000 shares of authorized common stock;

specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by the Chairman of our board of directors, President, or Vice President; and

provide that stockholders will not be allowed to vote cumulatively in the election of directors;

In addition, we are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which limits the ability of stockholders owning in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock to merge or combine with us, unless such transaction satisfies certain conditions.

These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as may be amended from time to time, make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of directors and could also delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing or cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.

Our inability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms in the future may limit our ability to develop and commercialize new solutions and technologies and expand our operations.

If our available cash balances and anticipated cash flow from operations are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, due to lower demand for our products as a result of other risks described in this Risk Factors section, we may seek to raise additional capital through equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations or licensing arrangements. We may also consider raising additional capital in the future to expand our business, pursue strategic investments, take advantage of financing opportunities, develop and exploit existing and new products, expand into new markets, or other reasons.

Additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we raise funds by issuing equity securities, dilution to our stockholders could result. Any equity securities issued also may provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. The terms of debt securities issued or borrowings could impose significant restrictions on our operations. The incurrence of indebtedness or the issuance of certain equity securities could result in increased fixed payment obligations and could also result in restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt or issue additional equity, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights, and other operating restrictions that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. In addition, the issuance of additional equity securities by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. If we do not have, or are not able to obtain, sufficient funds, we may have to delay development or commercialization of our products or license to third parties the rights to commercialize products or technologies that we would otherwise seek to commercialize. If we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements with third parties, it may be necessary to relinquish some rights to our technologies or our products, or to grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. If we are unable to raise adequate funds, we may have to liquidate some or all of our assets, or delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate some or all of our development programs. We also may have to reduce marketing, customer support or other resources devoted to our products or cease operations. Any of these actions could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.

20 

We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.

For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock. Accordingly, investors must be prepared to rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation to earn an investment return, which may never occur. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board deems relevant.

RISKS RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

We may be unable to adequately enforce or defend our ownership and use of our intellectual property and other proprietary rights

.

Part of our success is dependent upon our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. We rely upon a combination of trademark, trade secret, copyright, unpatented know-how, and unfair competition laws, as well as license and access agreements and other contractual provisions, to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. In addition, we attempt to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information by requiring certain of our employees and consultants to enter into confidentiality, non-competition, and assignment-of-inventions agreements. The steps we take to protect these rights may not be adequate to prevent misappropriation of our technology by third parties, or may not be adequate under the laws of some foreign countries, which may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Our attempts to protect our intellectual property may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation, and agreement terms that address non-competition are difficult to enforce in many jurisdictions and may not be enforceable in any particular case. In addition, there remains the possibility that others will reverse engineer our products in order to introduce competing products, or that others will develop competing technology independently. If we resort to legal proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of others, the proceedings could be burdensome and expensive, even if we were to prevail. The failure to adequately protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.

Claims by others that we infringe their intellectual property or trade secret rights could harm our business.

Our industry is characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights, which has resulted in protracted and expensive litigation for many companies. Third parties may in the future assert claims of infringement of intellectual property rights against us or against our customers or channel partners for which we may be liable. As the number of products and competitors in our market increases and overlaps occur, infringement claims may increase.

Intellectual property or trade secret claims against us, and any resulting lawsuits, may result in our incurring significant expenses and could subject us to significant liability for damages and invalidate what we currently believe are our proprietary rights. Our involvement in any patent dispute or other intellectual property dispute or action to protect trade secrets and know-how could have a material adverse effect on our business. Adverse determinations in any litigation could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, require us to seek licenses from third parties and prevent us from developing and selling our products. Any of these situations could have a material adverse effect on our business. These claims, regardless of their merits or outcome, would likely be time consuming and expensive to resolve and could divert management s time and attention.

Some of our products and services utilize open source software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could adversely affect our business.

Some of our products utilize software covered by open source licenses. Open source software is typically freely accessible, usable and modifiable, and is used by our development team in an effort to reduce development costs and speed up the development process. Certain open source software licenses require a user who intends to distribute the open source software as a component of the user s software to disclose publicly part or all of the source code to the user s software. In addition, certain open source software licenses require the user of such software to make any derivative works of the open source code available to others on unfavorable terms or at no cost. This can subject previously proprietary software to open source license terms. While we monitor the use of all open source software in our products, processes and technology and try to ensure that no open source software is used in such a way as to require us to disclose or make available the source code to the related product, such use could inadvertently occur. This could harm our intellectual property position and have a material adverse effect on our business.

The audit report included in this prospectus is prepared by an auditor who has been previously identified by the PCAOB as not previously being able to be inspected by the PCAOB and, as such, our investors may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection. In addition, although the PCAOB has vacated its 2021 determinations that the positions taken by authorities in mainland China and Hong Kong prevented it from inspecting and investigating completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in those jurisdictions, the subsequent change or adoption of any rules, legislations or other efforts to increase U.S. regulatory access to audit information could cause uncertainty, and if such rules are changed and our audit firm is unalbe to meet the PCAOB inspection requirement in time frame provided by the HFCAA, our securities may be restricted from trading on a U.S. securities exchange or over-the-counter market.

As a public company with securities quoted on the OTCQX marketplace, we are required to have our financial statements audited by an independent registered public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB. A requirement of being registered with the PCAOB is that if requested by the SEC or PCAOB, such accounting firm is required to make its audits and related audit work papers available for regular inspections to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Because our auditor is located in Hong Kong, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB has been unable to conduct inspections because of positions taken by the authorities in that jurisdiction, including an approval requirement by such authorities, the PCAOB has indicated that it currently does not have free access to inspect the work of our auditor. The lack of access to the PCAOB inspection in Hong Kong prevents the PCAOB from fully evaluating audits and quality control procedures of our auditors based in Hong Kong. As a result, our investors may be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our auditor in Hong Kong makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of its audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of Hong Kong and certain other foreign jurisdictions that are subject to the PCAOB inspections.

On December 18, 2020, the HFCAA, was enacted. In essence, the HFCAA requires the SEC to restrict trading of securities on U.S. securities exchanges or OTC markets if the company retains a foreign accounting firm that cannot be inspected by the PCAOB, of which the restrictions shall occur for three consecutive years, unless otherwise terminated before the conclusion of such three year period, beginning in 2021. Our independent registered public accounting firm is located in and organized under the laws of Hong Kong, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB has indicated that it is currently unable to conduct inspections in without the approval of the necessary authorities.

21 

On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the AHFCAA, which as of December 14, 2021, the AHFCAA remains before the House of Representatives for review.

On November 5, 2021, the SEC approved PCAOB Rule 6100, Board determination under the HFCAA, effective immediately. The rule establishes a framework for the PCAOB s determinations under the HFCAA that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken by an authority in that jurisdiction. 

On December 2, 2021, SEC announced the adoption of interim final rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. The rules apply to registrants the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate Commission-Identified Issuers ). The final amendments require Commission-Identified Issuers to submit documentation to the SEC establishing that, if true, it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in the public accounting firm s foreign jurisdiction. The amendments also require that a Commission-Identified Issuer that is a foreign issuer, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 3b-4, provide certain additional disclosures in its annual report for itself and any of its consolidated foreign operating entities. Further, the adopting release provides notice regarding the procedures the SEC has established to identify issuers and to impose trading prohibitions on the securities of certain Commission-Identified Issuers, as required by the HFCAA. A Commission-Identified Issuer will be required to comply with the submission and disclosure requirements in the annual report for each year in which it was identified. If a registrant is identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer based on its annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the registrant will be required to comply with the submission or disclosure requirements in its annual report filing covering the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report on its determinations that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in certain foreign jurisdictions, including those firms headquartered in Hong Kong, because of positions taken by the authorities in those foreign jurisdictions. The PCAOB made these determinations pursuant to PCAOB Rule 6100, which provides a framework for how the PCAOB fulfills its responsibilities under the HFCAA. The report further listed in its Appendix B, Registered Public Accounting Firms Subject to the Hong Kong Determination. The audit report included in this registration statement for the year ended December 31, 2021, was issued by Centurion, an audit firm headquartered in Hong Kong, a jurisdiction that the PCAOB has determined that the PCAOB is unable to conduct inspections or investigate auditors in. Our auditor, Centurion, is among those registered public accounting firms listed by the PCAOB Hong Kong Determination, a determination announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021, which the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely due to the fact it is headquartered in Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region of the PRC, and because of a position taken by one or more authorities in Hong Kong. As a result, our investors may be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors in Hong Kong makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of these accounting firms audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of Hong Kong and certain other foreign jurisdictions that are subject to the PCAOB inspections.

The HFCAA requires, among other things, for the SEC to identify public companies that that have retained a registered public accounting firm to issue an audit report where the firm has a branch or office that: (i) is located in a foreign jurisdiction, and (ii) PCAOB has determined that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in the foreign jurisdiction. On April 12, 2022, the Company was provisionally identified by the SEC as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA, and given 15 business days (until May 3, 2022) to contact the SEC with evidentiary proof claiming that we have been incorrectly identified under the HFCAA. Because the Company s auditors are located in Hong Kong, the Company did not have a claim that it was incorrectly identified under the HFCAA, and as a result, it has been placed on the conclusive list. Due to the fact that we have been placed on the conclusive list, our securities may be subject to prohibitions on trading on a U.S. securities exchange or OTC trading market in the U.S. if we do not engage a new auditor or our auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for three consecutive years (or two years if the AHFCAA is enacted), which would make it difficult for you to sell your securities. Additionally, the Company will be required to provide certain information to the SEC establishing that it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in Hong Kong on or before the filing deadline for the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has not yet submitted such information to the SEC, but intends to do so prior to the deadline. There can be no assurances that the SEC will remove the Company from the list of issuers identified under the HFCAA, either now or in the future.

In addition, the SEC may propose additional rules or guidance that could impact us if our auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspection. For example, on August 6, 2020, the President s Working Group on Financial Markets, or the PWG, issued the Report on Protecting United States Investors from Significant Risks from Chinese Companies to the then President of the United States. This report recommended that the SEC implement five recommendations to address companies from jurisdictions that do not provide the PCAOB with sufficient access to fulfil its statutory mandate. Some of the concepts of these recommendations were implemented with the enactment of the HFCAA. However, some of the recommendations were more stringent than the HFCAA.

The enactment of the HFCAA and the implications of any additional rulemaking efforts to increase U.S. regulatory access to audit information in Hong Kong could cause investor uncertainty for affected SEC registrants, including us, and the market price of our common stock could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, whether the PCAOB will be able to conduct inspections of our auditor in the next three years (or two years if the AHFCAA is enacted), or at all, is subject to substantial uncertainty and depends on a number of factors out of our control. If our auditor is unable to meet the PCAOB inspection requirement in time or we do not engage a different auditor that complies with the relevant PCAOB inspection requirements, our securities may be restricted from trading on the OTC markets. Such restriction would substantially impair your ability to sell your securities when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with such restrictions on trading would have a negative impact on the price of our securities.

On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB vacated its 2021 determinations that the positions taken by authorities in mainland China and Hong Kong prevented it from inspecting and investigating completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in those jurisdictions. As a result, the Commission will not provisionally or conclusively identify an issuer as a Commission-Identified Issuer if it files an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm headquartered in either jurisdiction on or after December 15, 2022, until such time as the PCAOB issues a new determination.

On December 29, 2022, the President signed the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, which, among other things, amended the HFCAA to reduce the number of consecutive years an issuer can be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer before the Commission must impose an initial trading prohibition on the issuer s securities from three years to two years. Therefore, once an issuer is identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer for two consecutive years, the Commission is required under the HCFAA to prohibit the trading of the issuer s securities on a national securities exchange and in the over-the-counter market.

As noted above, on December 15, 2022, the PCAOB vacated its previous determinations that it is unable to inspect and investigate completely PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong. Accordingly, until such time as the PCAOB issues any new determination, there are no issuers at risk of having their securities subject to a trading prohibition under the HFCAA. As such, due to the fact the Company was identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer, there is still a risk that the PCAOB issues a new determination that could put the Company at risk for trading prohibitions despite the PCAOB vacating its determinations related to Hong Kong based auditors such as the Company s. The Company will continue to monitor the situation for any regulatory changes.

22 

I tem 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

Not applicable.

I tem 2. Properties

Currently, we do not own any real estate.

Our corporate headquarters are in a leased space comprising approximately 300 square feet of office space in New York, New York, at a rate of 923 per month.

The Company s DataLogiq business segment leases approximately 12,422 square feet comprising 8,737 square feet of office space and 3,685 square feet of warehouse space in Minneapolis, Minnesota, at a rate of 210,000 per annum. The original leased of office space from a related party under common ownership was a 7.5-year lease expiring December 31, 2021. The company extended its lease on the primary offices with a renewal option providing for additional lease period of twelve (12) months expiring December 31, 2022. The related rent expense for the leases is calculated on a straight-line basis with the difference recorded as deferred rent.

For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company DataLogiq recorded approximately 3,600 and 10,000, respectively, in amortization expense. The Company s net rental expense was approximately 191,772 and 267,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. During a portion of 2021, the Company had two sub-lease agreements under the master operating lease. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had no sub-lease agreements and had a future commitment of rental payments of 210,000 due during the year ended December 31, 2022, which has been realized.

The Company believes that its existing facilities are sufficient to accommodate its current and future operations.

I tem 3. Legal Proceedings

We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings, litigation or claims, which, if determined adversely to us, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We may from time to time, be a party to litigation and subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 

I tem 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

23 

P ART II

I tem 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market Information

Our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, is traded on the OTC:QX under the symbol LGIQ . Our common stock is also traded and quoted on the NEO Exchange in Canada under the symbol LGIQ .

Trading of securities on the OTC:QX is often sporadic and investors may have difficulty buying and selling or obtaining market quotations. Any OTC:QX market quotations reflect inter-dealer quotations, without adjustment for retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.

Holders

As of April 10, 2023, there were 74,397,046 shares of our common stock outstanding held by approximately 2,700 holders of record of our common stock. This number was derived from our stockholder records and does not include beneficial holders of our common stock whose shares are held in street name with various dealers, clearing agencies, banks, brokers and other fiduciaries.

Dividends

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation of our business, and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.

Our future dividend policy will be determined at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon a number of factors, including our financial condition and performance, our cash needs and expansion plans, capital requirements, general business conditions, income tax consequences, and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem to be relevant. In addition, cash dividends may generally only be issued if we have a capital surplus.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

See Part III, Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters for information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company engaged in the following sales and issuances of unregistered securities: a total of 5,817,274 shares with par value of 0.0001 per share were issued for consultancy services received including shares issued to Senior Management, Directors, Operational Staff, Legal Consultants, Strategy Advisors and Technology Consultants received.

24 

No underwriters were involved in the transactions described above. All of the securities issued in the foregoing transactions were issued by the Company in reliance upon the exemption from registration available under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, including Regulation D and/or Regulation S promulgated thereunder, in that the transactions involved the issuance and sale of the Company s securities to financially sophisticated individuals or entities that were aware of the Company s activities and business and financial condition, and took the securities for investment purposes and understood the ramifications of their actions. The Company did not engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising in connection with the transactions. The individuals or entities represented that they were each an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D at the time of issuance of the securities, and that each of such individuals or entities was acquiring such securities for their own account and not for distribution. All certificates representing the securities issued have a legend imprinted on them stating that the shares have not been registered under the Securities Act and cannot be transferred until properly registered under the Securities Act or an exemption applies.

Use of Proceeds

Not applicable.

Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities

During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no repurchases of the Company s common stock by the Company.

I tem 6. Reserved

Not applicable.

25 

I tem 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and operating results should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes to those statements included elsewhere in this report. This document contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this document and the materials accompanying this document are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to our management. Frequently, but not always, forward-looking statements are identified by the use of the future tense and by words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, will, may, could, would, projects, continues, estimates or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference in this document are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act and are subject to the safe harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include declarations regarding our plans, intentions, beliefs, or current expectations. Among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements are the risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factors set forth in this Report, elsewhere in this document and in our other filings with the SEC. Forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. The forward-looking statements included in this document are made as of the date of this document and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect new information, subsequent events, or otherwise.

Use of Terms

Except as otherwise indicated by the context and for the purposes of this report only, references in this report to:

Logiq, Inc. (Delaware) (formerly known as Weyland) the Company, we, us, or our, are to the business of Logiq, Inc. (Delaware), a Delaware corporation and AppLogiq;

DataLogiq and DLQ, Inc., a Nevada corporation, business segment;

SEC are to the Securities and Exchange Commission;

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;

U.S. dollars, dollars and are to the legal currency of the United States.

Overview

The Company offers solutions that help small-to-medium-sized businesses SMBs to provide access to and reduce transaction friction of ecommerce for their clients. The Company s solutions are provided through DataLogiq business, a digital marketing analytics business unit that offers proprietary data management, audience targeting and other digital marketing services that improve an SMB s discovery and branding within the vast ecommerce landscape.

The Company, through its DataLogiq platform offers online marketing solutions on a performance marketing and self-serve, Software as a Service SaaS basis. The Company provides its digital marketing to SMBs in a wide variety of industry sectors. The Company believe that SMBs can increase their sales, reach more customers, and promote their products and services using our affordable and cost-effective solutions. The Company recognizes revenue on our SaaS platform when provisioning services for their marketing campaigns. They also recognize revenue on CPL and other metrics for engagements undertaken on a performance marketing basis.

26 

Recent Corporate Developments

AppLogiq Spin-Off

On December 15, 2021, the Company entered into various agreements with GoLogiq, Inc. (then known as Lovarra), a Nevada corporation GoLogiq and a public reporting company that, at the time, was a majority owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to transfer its AppLogiq business to GoLogiq, subject to customary conditions and approvals and completion of requisite financial statement audits (the Separation ). GoLogiq is a fully reporting U.S. public company. In connection with the Separation, the Company announced that it intended to distribute, on a pro rata basis, 100 of the Company s ownership interests in GoLogiq to the Company s shareholders of record as of December 30, 2021 (the Record Date (the Distribution, and collectively with the Separation, the Spin Off ), which Distribution of said shares was expected to occur approximately six months from completion of the Separation (the Distribution Date ), subject to customary conditions and approvals.

On January 27, 2022, the Company completed the transfer of its AppLogiq business to GoLogiq. In connection with the completion of the transfer of AppLogiq to GoLogiq, GoLogiq issued 26,350,756 shares of its common stock to the Company (the GoLogiq Shares ). The Company held the GoLogiq Shares until it distributed 100 of the GoLogiq Shares to the Company s stockholders of record as of December 30, 2021 on a 1-for-1 basis (i.e. for every 1 share of Logiq held on December 30, 2021, the holder thereof will receive 1 share of Lovarra) upon completion of the Distribution.

On July 27, 2022, the Company completed the Distribution and Spin Off. As a result, the Company no longer has a direct equity ownership of GoLogiq.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company controlled, through one of its subsidiaries, approximately 11.1 of the GoLogiq s issued and outstanding shares of common stock.

27 

Pending DataLogiq Spin-off

On September 9, 2022, the Company and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, DLQ, Inc., a Nevada corporation DLQ entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Abri SPAC I, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Abri ), and Abri Merger Sub Merger Sub wherein Merger Sub will merge with and into DLQ with DLQ being the surviving company Surviving Company ), and a wholly owned subsidiary of Abri. The Merger is expected to close after obtaining the required approval by the stockholders of Abri and the Company, and upon the satisfaction of certain other customary closing conditions Closing ).

At Closing Abri will deliver to the Company 114 million worth of shares Abri common stock, par value 0.0001, at 10.00 per share (the Merger Consideration Shares ). Also at Closing, the Company will issue a dividend to its shareholders on a pro-rata basis equal to 25 of the aggregate Merger Consideration Shares (the Dividend Shares ), payable to the Company shareholders of record as of a record date to be set shortly before Closing. More information relating to the Merger Agreement, the dividend and the various agreements associated with the Merger Agreement can be found in the Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 12, 2022.

COVID-19 Effect

Due to the unprecedented effect and related impact of Covid-19 pandemic, the Company has experienced a push back from the Company s resellers and white label distributors from April 2020, for its Platform as a Service pay-to-use subscription basis. The Company is expecting an uncertain outlook in its service revenues, as its operations in South East Asia are currently being disrupted by the continuing impact of Covid-19 pandemic. In particular, our PAY/GOLogiq associate revenues have been reduced as offices and compulsory lock down protocols are being implemented, which are expected to be in force until the majority of the populous have been vaccinated through to the end of calendar year 2022.

Components of Results of Operations

Revenue (Service)

The Company s DataLogiq revenues are derived through the management of online advertising campaigns on behalf of customers, which include per-impression, and cost per acquisition CPA arrangements as well as the delivery of qualified leads.

In 2020, during COVID-19, we pursued a path towards higher gross profit margins which involved an elimination of lower margin business and increase of direct sales/marketing. This caused a reduction in overall revenue but successfully yielded higher margins more than double over the course of the following year. Given the recent decline in the stock market and specifically in the price of technology stocks, we felt that it was time to replicate the same strategy and evaluate a higher margin path again.

28 

Cost of Revenue (Service)

Cost of revenue primarily consists of fees from cloud-based hosting services and personnel costs. Personnel costs consist of wages, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation expenses. Allocated overhead costs consist of certain facilities and utility costs. We expect cost of revenue to increase in absolute dollars, as product revenue increases.

The Company s DataLogiq digital marketing analytics business segment cost of revenue is primarily generated by media cost to power our assets.

Operating Expenses

Our operating expenses consist of general and administrative, depreciation and amortization, and research and development expenses. Salaries and personnel-related costs, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense, are the most significant components of each category of operating expenses. Operating expenses also include allocated overhead costs for facilities and utility costs.

General and Administrative 

 General and administrative expense consists primarily of employee compensation and related expenses for administrative functions including finance, legal, human resources and fees for third-party professional services, as well as allocated overhead. We expect our general and administrative expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in growing the business.

Depreciation and amortization 

 Depreciation and amortization expense consists primarily of amortization of development costs and trademark for our software platforms.

Research and Development 

 Research and development expense consists primarily of employee compensation and related expenses, allocated overhead, and developments to our website, e-commerce, and mobile app platforms. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in new and existing products and services.

Other Income (Expense), net

Other income consists of income received for activities outside of our core business. In 2021, this includes interest from US based financial asset money market funds.

Other (expense) consists of expense for activities outside of our core business. In 2021, DataLogiq incurred early withdrawal fees from an escrow account relating to Conversion Point Technologies.

Provision for Income Taxes

Provision for income taxes consists of estimated income taxes due to the United States, foreign countries, and the respective taxing authorities in jurisdictions in which we conduct business.

29 

Results of Operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

The following sets forth selected items from our statements of operations and the percentages that such items bear to net sales for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 (Because of rounding, numbers may not foot). The Consolidated results include Logiq, Inc. (a Delaware Corporation) and its subsidiaries, DLQ, Inc (a Nevada Corporation)(formerly Logiq, Inc. (Nevada), Fixel AI Inc. and Rebel Inc. (collectively, also known as the DataLogiq segment). Logiq, Inc. (Delaware) results include our business segment APPLogiq, prior to the Spin off to GoLogiq Inc. and GoLogiq Inc. post Spin off while it remains a material subsidiary of the Company.

Consolidated Results of Operations

For the fiscal years ended

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Change

Revenue (service)

25,711,991

100.0

37,346,859

100.0

(11,634,868

(31.2

Cost of revenues (service)

19,776,533

76.9

26,290,203

70.4

(6,513,670

(24.8

Gross profit

5,935,458

23.1

11,056,656

29.6

(5,121,198

(46.3

Depreciation and amortization

10,996,628

42.8

3,782,136

10.1

7,214,492

190.8

General and administrative

17,158,766

66.7

18,166,721

48.6

(1,007,955

(5.5

Sales and marketing

1,235,233

4.8

2,296,483

6.1

(1,061,250

(46.2

Impairment loss

19,700,000

76.6

-

-

19,700,000

100.0

Research and development

6,004,248

23.4

7,400,732

19.8

(1,396,484

(18.9

Total operating expenses

55,094,875

214.3

31,646,072

84.7

23,448,803

74.1

(Loss) from operations

(49,159,417

(191.2

(20,589,416

(55.1

(28,570,001

138.8

Other (Expenses)/Income, net

(3,592

(0.01

474,510

1.27

(478,102

(100.8

Net (Loss) before income tax

(49,163,009

(191.2

(20,114,906

(53.9

(29,048,103

144.4

Income tax (expense)

-

-

(11,881

(0.0

11,881

(100.0
 Net (Loss)

(49,163,009

(191.2

(20,126,787

(53.9

(29,036,222

144.3

30 

Logiq (Delaware) including AppLogiq results of operations, prior to the Spin off

For the fiscal years ended

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Change

Revenue (service)

-

-

14,340,379

100.0

(14,340,379

(100.0

Cost of revenues (service)

-

-

9,787,285

68.2

(9,787,285

(100.0

Gross profit

-

-

4,553,094

31.8

(4,553,094

(100.0

Depreciation and amortization

125,133

-

125,133

0.9

-

-

General and administrative

6,913,719

-

9,234,094

64.4

(2,320,375

(25.1

Sales and marketing

25,000

-

122,300

0.9

(97,300

(79.6)

Impairment loss

-

-

-

-

-

-

Research and development

2,887,525

-

6,718,168

46.8

(3,830,643

(57.0

Total operating expenses

9,951,377

-

16,199,695

113.0

(6,248,318

(38.6

(Loss) from operations

(9,951,377

-

(11,646,601

(81.2

1,695,224

(14.6

Other (Expenses)/Income, net

-

-

(76,937

(0.5

76,937

-

Net (Loss) before income tax

(9,951,377

-

(11,723,538 

(81.8

1,772,161

(15.1

Income tax (expense)

-

-

(11,881

(0.1

11,881

(100.0

Net (Loss)

(9,951,377

-

(11,735,419

(81.8

1,784,042

(15.2

GoLogiq including CreateApp results of operations, post Spin off

For the fiscal years ended

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Change

Revenue (service)

5,454,119

100.0

-

100.0

5,454,119

100.0

Cost of revenues (service)

3,382,954

62.0

-

-

3,382,954

100.0

Gross profit

2,071,165

38.0

-

-

2,071,165

100.0

Depreciation and amortization

-

-

-

-

-

-

General and administrative

3,503,764

64.2

-

-

3,503,764

100.0

Sales and marketing

5,000

0.1

-

-

5,000

100.0

Impairment loss

19,700,000

361.2

-

-

19,700,000

100.0

Research and development

3,116,723

57.1

-

-

3,116,723

100.0

Total operating expenses

26,325,487

482.7

-

-

26,325,487

100.0

(Loss) from operations

(24,254,322

(444.7

-

-

(24,254,322

100.0

Other (Expenses)/Income, net

-

-

-

-

-

-

Net (Loss) before income tax

(24,254,322

(444.7

-

-

(24,254,322

100.0

Income tax (expense)

-

-

-

-

-

-

Net (Loss)

(24,254,322

(444.7

-

-

(24,254,322

100.0

31 

DLQ including DataLogiq results of op
erations

For the fiscal years ended

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Change

Revenue (service)

20,257,872

100.0

23,006,480

100.0

(2,748,608

(11.9

Cost of revenues (service)

16,393,579

80.9

16,502,918

71.7

(109,339

(0.7

Gross profit

3,864,293

19.1

6,503,562

28.3

(2,639,269

(40.6

Depreciation and amortization

10,871,495

53.7

3,657,003

15.9

7,214,492

197.3

General and administrative

6,741,283

33.3

8,932,627

38.8

(2,191,34 4

(24.5

Sales and marketing

1,205,233

5.9

2,174,183

9.5

(968,950

(44.6

Impairment loss

-

-

-

-

-

-

Research and development

-

-

682,564

3.0

(682,564

(100.0

Total operating expenses

18,818,011

92.9

15,446,377

67.1

3,371,634

21.8

(Loss) from operations

(14,953,718

(73.8

(8,942,815

(38.9

(6,010,903

67.2

Other (Expenses)/Income, net

(3,592

(0.02

551,447

2.40

(555,039

(100.7

Net (Loss) before income tax

(14,957,310

(73.8

(8,391,368

(36.5

(6,565,942

78.2

Income tax (expense)

-

-

-

-

-

-

Net (Loss)

(14,957,310

(73.8

(8,391,368

(36.5

(6,565,942

78.2

Consolidated Geographical Information Revenue

Revenue by geographical region for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

2022

2021

Southeast Asia

10,128,936

39.4

7,170,190

19.2

EU

5,064,468

19.7

3,585,095

9.6

South Korea

3,038,681

11.8

2,151,056

5.8

Africa

2,025,787

7.9

1,434,038

3.8

North America

5,454,119

21.2

23,006,480

61.6

Total revenue

25,711,991

100.0

37,346,859

100.0

Consolidated Revenue (Service)

Consolidated Service revenues were 25,711,991 and 37,346,859 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease is due to the revenues of Applogiq decreased 8,886,260 or 62.0 from FY2021 to FY2022 due to a loss of customers as a result of adverse effects of the on-set of Covid-19 and from a strategic shift away from white label APP resellers and towards higher margin direct marketing customers.

Consolidated Cost of Revenue (Service)

Consolidated Cost of service was 19,776,533 and 26,290,203 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

32 

Consolidated Gross Profit

Consolidated Gross Profit was 5,935,458 and 11,056,656 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Consolidated Gross Profit margin was 23.1 and 29.6 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Consolidated Other Income/(Expenses)

Consolidated Other expenses was 3,592 and Other income was 474,510 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Consolidated other income in 2021 represents interest and gain on change in fair value from a US based money market bond portfolio and expense from early withdrawal fees from an escrow account in DATALogiq.

Consolidated Operating Expenses

General and Administrative (G A)

Consolidated General and administrative expenses were 17,158,776 and 18,166,721 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Significant movements are explained in the review of operations by business segments of APPLogiq, DATALogiq and Fixel AI in the sections below.

Sales and Marketing (S M)

Consolidated S M expense was 1,235,233 and 2,296,483 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease is mainly due to the decrease in sales and marketing for DATALogiq of 1,061,250 or 46.2 from FY2021 to FY2022. 

Research and Development (R D)

Consolidated Research and Development expense were 6,004,248 and 7,400,732 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease was due to no research and development was incurred by DataLogiq in FY2022.

Impairment loss

An impairment loss of 19,700,000 arose as a result of revaluation of CreateApp platform on February 28, 2023. This loss was recognized in the Company as the AppLogiq segment (which includes CreateApp platform) was spun off to GoLogiq Inc on July 27, 2022.

Consolidated (Loss) from operations

The Company posted a loss from operations of (49,159,417) and (20,589,416) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase is partly due to the inclusion of the impairment loss of CreateApp platform which was revalued from 31,500,000 to 11,800,000 on February 28, 2023.

The increase in the loss is due to increased staff costs, travel, consultancy, professional and development fee for mobile app and increase in research development on our platform as further described below.

Consolidated Net (loss)/profit before income tax

The Company posted a net loss before income tax (49,163,009) and (20,126,787) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase is partly due to the inclusion of the impairment loss of CreateApp platform which was revalued from 31,500,000 to 11,800,000 on February 28, 2023.

The increase in the loss is due to increase in research development costs, legal and professional costs, travelling cost, consultancy fee, stock-based compensation and increase in research development on our platform as further described below.

33 

Consolidated income tax (expense)

No provision for corporate taxes is made as the Company incurred a loss and has unutilized loss carryforwards. The tax paid during the fiscal year is for Delaware franchise taxes for the current and prior years.

Stock-based compensation

Stock-based compensation expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 10,840,852 and 3,534,545, respectively. 

Consolidated Net (loss) income

The Company posted a net loss (49,163,009) and (20,126,787) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase is partly due to the inclusion of the impairment loss of CreateApp platform which was revalued from 31,500,000 to 11,800,000 on February 28, 2023.

Logiq, Inc. including APPLogiq Results of Operations

Revenue (Service) Cost of Revenue (Service)

APPLogiq Service revenues and Cost of Revenues was transferred to GoLogiq entity.

General and Administrative (G A)

G A expenses was 6,913,719 and 9,234,094 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Sales and Marketing (S M)

S M expense was 25,000 and 122,300 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively as a result of engaging in market awareness campaigns.

Research and Development (R D)

Research and Development expense was 2,887,525 and 6,718,168 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

(Loss) from operations

APPLogiq and the Company posted a loss from operations of (9,951,377) and (11,646,601) for the twelve months ended December 31,2022 and 2021, respectively.

34 

DATALogiq Business Segment Results of Operations

Revenue (Service)

DATALogiq revenues decreased from 23.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 20.3 million for the same period in 2022.

Cost of Revenue (Service)

DATALogiq Cost of service decreased from 16.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 16.4 million for the same period in 2022.

Gross Profit

DATALogiq gross profit was 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 6.5 million for the same period in 2021.

DATALogiq gross profit margin was 19.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 28.3 for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Other (Expenses)

DATALogiq other expenses was 3,592 for year ended December 31, 2022 compared to other income 551,447 for the year ended December 31, 2021.

General and Administrative (G A)

DATALogiq general and administrative expenses were 6.7 million for the year ended to December 31, 2022 compared to 8.9 million for the same period in 2021, a decrease of 2.2 million.

Sales and Marketing (S M)

DATALogiq sales and marketing expenses include those expenses required to support our sales efforts and includes sales commissions and consultants. Sales and marketing expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 1.2 million and 2.2 million, respectively.

Research and Development (R D)

DATALogiq research and development expenses were nil for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0.7 million for the same period in 2021.

(Loss) from operations

DATALogiq s loss from operations was 14.95 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 8.94 million for the same period in 2021.

35 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

During the year ended December 31, 2022, our primary sources of capital came from (i) cash flows from our operations, predominantly from providing services under our DataLogiq platform, (ii) existing cash, and (iii) proceeds from third-party financings. 

As of December 31, 2022, we currently have no material commitments for capital expenditures. Our capex R D plans are dependent on the availability of working capital and is able to be scaled back as required without penalty. 

We know of no material trends in our capital trends aside from the funds to be raised in future offerings. We have focused our resources behind a plan to grow our data sales, where we have a technology advantage and higher margins. If we are successful in implementing our plan, we expect to return to a positive cash flow from operations. However, there is no assurance that we will be able to achieve this objective.

We know of no trends or demands reasonably likely to affect liquidity other than those listed as Risk Factors.

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

For the Year Ended December 31,

Cash flows:

2022

2021

Net cash (used in) operating activities

(15,724,321

(16,855,183

Net cash provided by (used in) investment activities

7,209,381

(933,682

Net cash provided by financing activities

7,400,881

15,885,352

Operating Activities

During the year ended December 31, 2022, loss from operations used (49,163,009), compared to (20,126,787) for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Investing Activities

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we have 7,209,381 for investing activities in the Company s financial asset investment.

36 

Financing Activities

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated 7,400,881 from financing activities, compared to 15,885,352 of cash generated for the year ended December 31, 2022.

We estimate that based on current plans, assumptions and our continuing fund raising plans, that our available cash and the cash we generate from our core operations will generally be sufficient to satisfy our capital expenditures under our present operating expectations, without further financing, for up to 12 months. We have sufficient working capital to fund the expansion of our operations and to provide working capital necessary for our ongoing operations and obligations. However, we shall continue to evaluate our capital expenditure needs based upon factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of our sales and marketing, the timing of new product introductions, and the continuing market acceptance of our products and services. If cash generated from operations is insufficient to satisfy our capital requirements, we may open a revolving line of credit with a bank, or we may have to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain expanded credit facilities to fund our operating expenses, pay our obligations, diversify our geographical reach, and grow our company. In the event such financing is needed in the future, there can be no assurance that such financing will be available to us, or, if available, that it will be in amounts and on terms acceptable to us. If we cannot raise additional funds when we need or want them, our operations and prospects could be negatively affected. However, if cash flows from operations become insufficient to continue operations at the current level, and if no additional financing were obtained, then management would restructure the Company in a way to preserve its business while maintaining expenses within operating cash flows.

Known Trends or Uncertainties

We have seen some consolidation in the mobile applications industry during economic downturns. These consolidations have not had a negative effect on our total sales; however, should consolidations and downsizing in the industry continue to occur, those events could adversely impact our revenues and earnings going forward.

We believe that the need for improved productivity in the research and development activities directed toward developing new and enhanced PaaS applications will continue to result in SMBs utilizing our products and services. New product developments could result in increased revenues and earnings if they are accepted by our markets; however, there can be no assurances that new products will result in significant improvements to revenues or earnings. For competitive reasons, we do not disclose all of our new product development activities.

The potential for growth in new markets is uncertain. We will continue to explore these opportunities until such time as we either generate sales or determine that resources would be more efficiently used elsewhere.

Inflation

We have not been affected materially by inflation during the periods presented, and no material effect is expected in the near future.

Contractual Obligations and Commitments

We have no material contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our critical accounting policies and estimates are included in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report.

Recently Issued or Newly Adopted Accounting Standards

Our recently issued or newly adopted accounting standards are included in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. As such, we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market, or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in such relationships.

We do not have relationships or transactions with persons or entities that derive benefits from their non-independent relationship with us or our related parties.

I tem 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Not applicable.

37 

I tem 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

LOGIQ, INC.

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Page

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-8 

F-1 

R eport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Logiq Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Logiq, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Logiq Inc. (continued) 

Critical Audit Matter (continued)

Impairment of Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets Refer to Notes 2, 3 and 5 to the financial statements.

As disclosed in the consolidated financial statements goodwill and intangible assets, net were 5.6
 million and 7.1
 million respectively as of December 31, 2022. Impairment is reviewed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable. As shown in Notes 3 and 5 to the financial statements, the Company did not recognize any impairment for goodwill and intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

If an indicator of impairment exists for any software technology, an estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows over the life of the primary asset for each software technology is compared to that long-lived asset s carrying value.

The determination of whether an impairment indicator has occurred involves the evaluation of subjective factors by management to assess what constitutes an event or change in circumstance that indicates a software technology should be tested for recoverability, and therefore auditing the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets involved especially subjective judgment.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit:

Subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the completeness of management s assessment as to whether an event or change in circumstance indicates a software technology s assets should be tested for recoverability. The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following:

We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill and long-lived impairment process, including controls related to determining the completeness of management s assessment as to which events or changes in circumstance indicates a software technology s assets should be tested for recoverability.

We evaluated management s process for determining whether all potential indicators of impairment were appropriately identified, including:

comparing the consistency and precision of the methodology used to determine the proper impairment indicators by management to the relevant requirements of generally accepted accounting principles GAAP 

considering current technology, economy or other industry changes through review of relevant industry publications, current news publications and Board of Directors meeting minutes, in order to evaluate the completeness of events or changes in circumstances identified by management as indicators that the software technology asset should be tested for recoverability.

/s/ 

Centurion ZD CPA Co.

May 8

, 2023

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012

PCAOB ID # 

F-3 

LOGIQ, INC.

C onsolidated Balance Sheets

December 31

December 31

2022

2021

(Audited)

(Audited)

ASSETS

Non-current assets

Intangible assets, net

Property and equipment, net

Goodwill

Total non-current assets

Current assets

Amount due from associate

Accounts receivable

Right to use assets - operating lease

Prepayment, deposit and other receivables

Financial assets held for resale

Restricted cash

Cash and cash equivalents

Total current assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

Current Liabilities

Accounts payable

Accruals 

Deferred revenue

Lease liability - operating lease

Deposits received for share to be issued

Total current liabilities

Non-Current Liabilities

Other loan

Total non-current liabilities

Total liabilities

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively

Additional paid-in capital

Capital reserves

Accumulated deficit brought forward

Total stockholder s equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

The number of shares of common stock has been retroactively restated to reflect the 1 for 13 reverse stock-split on February 25, 2020.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-4 

LOGIQ, INC.

C onsolidated Statements of Operations

For the year ended December 31,

2022

2021

(Audited)

(Audited)

Service Revenue

Cost of Service

Gross Profit

Operating Expenses

Depreciation and amortization

General and administrative

Sales and marketing

Impairment loss

Research and development

Total Operating Expenses

(Loss) from Operations

Other (Expenses)/Income, net

Net (Loss) before income tax

Income tax (Corporate tax)

Net (Loss)

Net (Loss) profit per common share - basic and fully diluted:

Weighted average number of basic and fully diluted common shares outstanding

The weighted average number of shares of common stock has been retroactively restated to reflect the 1 for 13 reverse stock-split on February 25, 2020

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-5 

LOGIQ, INC.

C onsolidated Statements of Cash Flows

For the year ended December 31,

2022

2021

(Audited)

(Audited)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Net loss

Adjustments to reconciled net loss to net cash used by operating activities:

Depreciation of property, plant, and equipment

Amortization of intangible assets

PPP Loan forgiveness

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable

Intangible assets

Prepayments, deposit and other receivables

Accounts payable

Accruals 

Operating lease

Impairment loss

Deferred revenue

Net cash used in operating activities

INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Amount due from associate

Financial assets held for resale

Net restricted cash acquired in acquisitions

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Proceeds from shares to be issued

Proceeds from stock issuance, net of expenses

Proceeds from stock issuance from IPO, net of expenses

Net cash provided by financing activities

DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF YEAR

NON-CASH TRANSACTION

Issuance of shares for services received

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements

F-6 

LOGIQ, INC.

C onsolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

Common Stock 

Amount

Additional paid-in capital

Subscriptions received/Capital reserves

Accumulated (Deficit)

Stockholders (Deficit)/Equity

Balance December 31, 2020

Issuance of Shares for proceeds

Issuance of Shares for acquisitions

Cancelation of shares

-

Issuance of shares for services

Issuance of shares for convertible note

Net loss for the period

-

Balance December 31, 2021

Issuance of shares for proceeds

Cancellation of shares for proceeds

Net loss for the period

-

Balance December 31, 2022

The number of shares of common stock has been retroactively restated to reflect the 1 for 13 reverse stock-split on February 25, 2020

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

F-7 

Logiq, Inc.

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

N OTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

of the Company s ownership interests in GoLogiq to the Company s shareholders of record as of December 30, 2021 (the Record Date (the Distribution, and collectively with the Separation, the Spin Off ), which Distribution of said shares was expected to occur approximately six months from completion of the Separation (the Distribution Date ), subject to customary conditions and approvals.

On January 27, 2022, the Company completed the transfer of its AppLogiq business to GoLogiq. In connection with the completion of the transfer of AppLogiq to GoLogiq, GoLogiq issued shares of its common stock to the Company (the GoLogiq Shares ). upon completion of the Distribution.

On July 27, 2022, the Company completed the Distribution and Spin Off. As a result, the Company no longer has a direct equity ownership of GoLogiq.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company controlled, through one of its subsidiaries, approximately 11.1
 of the GoLogiq s issued and outstanding shares of common stock.

Pending DataLogiq Spin-off

On September 9, 2022, the Company and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, DLQ, Inc., a Nevada corporation DLQ entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Abri SPAC I, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Abri ), and Abri Merger Sub Merger Sub wherein Merger Sub will merge with and into DLQ with DLQ being the surviving company Surviving Company ), and a wholly owned subsidiary of Abri. The Merger is expected to close after obtaining the required approval by the stockholders of Abri and the Company, and upon the satisfaction of certain other customary closing conditions Closing ).

More information relating to the Merger Agreement, the dividend and the various agreements associated with the Merger Agreement can be found in the Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 12, 2022.

F-9 

of our combined revenue or gross profit or loss of all reported operating segments. We manage our business on the basis of the two reportable segment e-commerce solutions and service provider. The accounting policies for segment reporting are the same as for the Company as a whole. We do not segregate assets by segments since our chief operating decision maker, or decision-making group, does not use assets as a basis to evaluate a segment s performance.

. Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively, which was included in the amortization of intangible assets expense of the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

and of the voting rights. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting, after initially being recognized at cost. The group s investment in associates includes goodwill identified on acquisition. The group s share of its associates post-acquisition profits or losses is recognized in profit or loss, and its share of post-acquisition other comprehensive income is recognized in other comprehensive income. The cumulative post-acquisition movements are adjusted against the carrying amount of the investment. Dividends receivable from associates are recognized as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment. Where the group s share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the group does not recognize further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate. Unrealized gains on transactions between the group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the group s interest in the associates. Unrealized losses are also eliminated, unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of associates have been changed, where necessary, to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the group.

F-14 

Additions

Cost as of December 31, 2022

Amortization

Brought forward as of January 1, 2022

Charge for the period

Accumulated depreciation as of December 31, 2022

Net intangible assets as of December 31, 2022

Net intangible assets as of December 31, 2021

On March 31, 2022, DLQ completed the acquisition of certain customer contractual agreements of Battle Bridge Labs, LLC, including those of Section 2383 LLC, a Tulsa, Oklahoma-based digital brand marketing agency. The purchase price was and consisted of the issuance of shares of restricted common stock of Logiq, Inc. with a fair value of and cash consideration of . 

DLQ considers the Intangible asset acquired, comprising certain customer contractual agreements, to be at fair value and there is goodwill arising. 

Amortization expenses related to intangible assets for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively.

No significant residual value is estimated for these intangible assets.

2024

2025

2026

2027 and thereafter

F-15 

Additions

Cost as of December 31, 2022

Amortization

Brought forward as of January 1, 2022

Charge for the period

Accumulated depreciation as of December 31, 2022

Net property and equipment as of December 31, 2022

Net property and equipment as of December 31, 2021

Depreciation expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively.

Goodwill at cost - Fixel

Goodwill at cost - Rebel

Total

Accumulated 
impairment losses

Balance at end of period

Goodwill has been allocated for impairment testing purposes to the acquisition of Push Holdings Inc.

The assets were valued using a Fair Market Value basis as defined by The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB ASC 820-10-20). Liabilities were taken from Push Holdings Inc Consolidated Balance Sheet as of January 8, 2020.

F-16 

Allowance for doubtful debts

Accounts receivable - net

Movement in allowance for doubtful debts

Balance as at beginning of period

Provision for bad debts

Reversal of the provision

Balance at end of period

1 - 30 days

31 - 60 days

61-90 days

91 and over

Total

The investments above include investments in quoted fixed income securities that offer the Company the opportunity for return through interest income and fair value gains. They have various fixed maturity and coupon rate. The fair values of these securities are based on closing quoted market prices on the last market day of the financial year.

Fair value of the Company s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value on recurring quoted bid prices on an active market basis. All the available for sale financial assets are classified as Level 1 as described in the Company s accounting policies.

During the quarter ended June 30, 2020, certain investments were disposed and the proceeds utilized to repay the Company s loan in note 12 below

F-17 

Prepayments

. The Company generated no taxable income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and which is subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax rate of and , respectively.

Effective tax rate

DATALogiq business segment (DLQ, Inc. formerly known as Logiq, Inc. (Nevada))

As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have any deferred tax asset.

F-18 

. No fractional shares were issued as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. In lieu thereof, fractional shares were cancelled, and stockholders received a cash payment in an amount equal to the fair market value of such fractional shares on the effective date. All shares of Common Stock eliminated as a result of the Reverse Stock Split have been returned to the Company s authorized and unissued capital stock, and the Company s capital was reduced by an amount equal to the par value of the shares of Common Stock so retired.

The Reverse Stock Split did not change the Company s current authorized number of shares of Common Stock or its par value. As such, the Company is authorized to issue up to shares of Common Stock, par value .

shares of the Company s common stock to the purchasers at an offering price of per share.

The offering resulted in gross proceeds of approximately before deducting offering expenses. The shares of common stock were offered by the Company pursuant to a prospectus supplement to the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-248069), which was initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 17, 2020, and was declared effective on August 26, 2020 (the Registration Statement ).

Agreement and Plan of Merger Rebel AI, Inc.

On March 29, 2021, Logiq, RAI Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), Rebel AI, Inc., a Delaware corporation Rebel AI ), and Emmanuel Puentes, on behalf of the stockholders of Rebel AI (in such capacity, the Stockholders Agent ), consummated a transaction pursuant to the terms of that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement whereby the parties effectuated a merger of Merger Sub with and into Rebel AI, and as a result, Rebel AI became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ).

(the Cash Consideration ), and an aggregate number of restricted shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share Common Stock ), equal to (i) (x) 7,000,000
, divided by (ii) the volume weighted average closing price of the Company s Common Stock for the twenty consecutive trading days prior to Closing (the Stock Consideration, and together with the Cash Consideration, the Merger Consideration ), subject in each case to adjustment as provided in the Merger Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, (i) a portion of the Cash Consideration, in an amount equal to the outstanding balance of that PPP Loan made to Rebel AI in January 2021, shall be withheld at Closing and placed into an escrow account, pending forgiveness or repayment of the PPP Loan, as applicable, and (ii) 2,000,000
 of Common Stock shall be withheld from the Stock Consideration and deposited into an escrow account, pending release in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. 

On June 30, 2021, the parties entered into an Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties amended the Merger Agreement to eliminate any potential reductions to the total cash purchase price payable pursuant to the Merger Agreement in the event that the PPP Loan made to Rebel AI in January 2021 is not forgiven in full. As a result, Schedule A to the Merger Agreement was deleted and eliminated in its entirety.

Sale of Common Stock March 2021

On March 8, 2021, Logiq entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered direct offering, shares of the Company s common stock, to the purchaser at an offering price of per share.

The offering resulted in gross proceeds of approximately before deducting offering expenses. The shares were offered by the Company pursuant to a prospectus supplement to the Company s Registration Statement.

Sale of Common Stock April 2021

On April 15, 2021, Logiq entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with certain investors, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered direct offering, shares of the Company s common stock, to the purchasers at an offering price of per share.

The offering resulted in gross proceeds of approximately before deducting offering expenses. The shares were offered by the Company pursuant to a prospectus supplement to the Company s Registration Statement.

Sale of Units in Connection With Canadian IPO - June 2021

On June 9, 2021, 

In consideration for the Agent s services to the Company in connection with the Offering, the Company agreed to pay the Agent a cash fee (the Agent s Commission equal to of the aggregate gross proceeds of the Offering. As additional compensation, the Company also agreed to issue to the Agent such number of non-transferrable compensation options (the Agent Options equal to of the number of Units sold pursuant to the Offering. Each Agent Option is exercisable for one Unit (an Agent Unit at an exercise price of C until the third anniversary of the Closing Date. Each Agent Unit consists of (i) one share of Common Stock, and (ii) one Common Stock purchase warrant (each, an Agent Unit Warrant ). The Agent Unit Warrants will be issued under a Warrant Indenture, and have the same attributes as the Warrants to be comprised in the Units.

units of securities (the Advisory Fee Units to the Agent as compensation for certain strategic advisory and support services rendered. This number was determined by dividing C by the Offering Price. for a period of 36 months from the Closing Date. 

The Over-Allotment Option was granted to the Agent solely to cover over-allotments, if any, and for market stabilization purposes.

On June 21, 2021, the Offering closed whereby the Company sold Units for aggregate gross proceeds of C before deducting offering expenses. The Company also issued Advisory Fee Units and Agent Options to the Agent at the closing of the Offering. In connection with the closing of the Offering, the Company entered into a Warrant Indenture (the Warrant Indenture with Odyssey Trust Company (the Warrant Agent ), pursuant to which the Company issued Warrants to purchase up to a maximum of shares of Common Stock. Each Warrant is exercisable at any time after June 21, 2021, and prior to June 21, 2024.

On June 21, 2021, the Company filed a prospectus supplement (the Resale Prospectus Supplement to the Registration Statement. The Resale Prospectus Supplement covered the resale of the shares of Common Stock, Warrants (and the Warrant Shares underlying the Warrants), and Agent Options sold in the Offering, and may be used by the selling stockholders or certain of their respective assigns identified therein to resell such securities.

Overallotment-Allotment Offering July 2021

On July 27, 2021, the Company closed the partial exercise of the over-allotment option granted to the Agent in connection with the Offering in Canada (the Over-Allotment Offering ), whereby the Company sold an additional Units for aggregate gross proceeds of C before deducting offering expenses. The Company also issued an additional non-transferrable Agent Options to the Agent as compensation for certain strategic advisory and support services rendered to the Company in connection with the Offering.

In connection with the Over-Allotment Offering, on July 27, 2021, the Company filed a prospectus supplement to its shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-248069), which was initially filed with the Commission on August 17, 2020, and was declared effective on August 26, 2020. The prospectus supplement covers the resale of the shares of Common Stock, Warrants (and the Warrant Shares underlying the Warrants), and Agent Options sold in the Over-Allotment Offering, and may be used by the selling stockholders or certain of their respective assigns identified therein to resell such securities.

, with the exception of two convertible promissory notes issued amounting to principal amount of , converted their notes into shares issued as additional paid in capital.

Sale of Common stock Warrants - August 2021

On August 6, 2021, Logiq entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with certain investors, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered direct offering, shares of the Company s common stock to the purchasers at an offering price of per share.

The offering resulted in gross proceeds of approximately before deducting offering expenses. The Shares were offered by the Company pursuant to a prospectus supplement to the Company s Registration Statement.

On August 6, 2021, the Company issued warrants (each, a Warrant to purchase up to shares of common stock. Each Warrant is a cash warrant and is exercisable at any time after August 6, 2021, and prior to August 6, 2024, with an exercise price of per share (subject to a contractual discount for one holder).

The Warrants were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, to a limited number of persons who are accredited investors or sophisticated persons as those terms are defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC or Regulation S thereunder, without the use of any general solicitation or advertising to market or otherwise offer the Warrants for sale. None of the Warrants or the Common Stock underlying such Warrants have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or applicable state securities laws, and none may be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or an exemption from such registration requirements.

During the period from October 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021, a total of shares with par value of per share were issued to various stockholders.

In the year 2022 we had the below common stock issuances

 :

Sale of Common Stock March 2022

On March 30, 2022, the Company entered into a Purchase Agreement with Ionic Ventures, LLC Ionic ), whereby the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Ionic, and Ionic is obligated to purchase up to in the aggregate worth of the Company s common stock (the Purchase Shares ), par value per share. Sales of common stock by the Company under the Purchase Agreement will be subject to certain limitations, and may occur from time to time, at the Company s sole discretion, over the 24-month period commencing on March 30, 2020 (the Primary Commencement Date ).

shares of common stock to Ionic in connection with the purchase of in shares of common stock (the Primary Shares in connection with the initial purchase of common stock under the Purchase Agreement, which reflects an estimated value equal to the product of (A) the quotient of (y) the purchase amount (i.e., divided by (z) the Pre-Settlement Regular Purchase Price (defined below), multiplied by (B) (which Ionic may increase at its discretion). The Pre-Settlement Regular Purchase Price is equal to of the closing price of the common stock on the OTCQX Market on the date immediately preceding the Company s receipt of a purchase notice under the Purchase Agreement.

The Regular Purchase Price, which is the price at which future shares of common stock sold under the Purchase Agreement will be sold at, for the Purchase Shares shall equal of the arithmetic average of the five lowest VWAPs during the period starting on the date that Ionic receives Pre-Settlement Regular Purchase Shares and ending on such date that the aggregate dollar volume of our common stock traded on our Principal Market equals five times the Purchase Amount, in the aggregate, subject to a five Trading Day minimum (provided, however, that each day on which Ionic has requested Purchase Shares which cannot be delivered to Ionic shall be excluded from such calculation). This is a forward pricing mechanism based on an estimate and true up and as of the date of this filing, the Regular Purchase Price has yet to be calculated.

Also in connection with the execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued a Warrant to purchase shares of common stock of the total commitment amount) to Ionic for no consideration as a commitment fee, and has agreed to register the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant. The Warrant may be exercised for cash, but may also be exercised on a cashless exercise basis, which means the Company may not receive any proceeds from such cashless exercise. Under the Warrant, the Company does not have the right to control the timing and amount of any Warrant exercises by Ionic, except that there is a ownership limitation blocker in the Warrant. Ionic may ultimately decide to exercise all, some or none of the Warrant.

The Company intends to register the remaining up to worth of common stock under the Purchase Agreement, or any additional Primary Shares that may be issued after the date hereof to Ionic, or any Purchase Shares which may be issuable to Ionic as a true up pursuant to the initial purchase described above pursuant to a resale registration statement on Form S-1, which the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on July 18, 2022, but which not yet been declared effective by the SEC. The Company and Ionic entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the RRA dated as of March 30, 2022, for such purpose.

Actual sales of common stock to Ionic under the Purchase Agreement will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time, including, among others, an effective resale registration statement, which is a condition to the commencement of additional sales under the Purchase Agreement (each, a Secondary Commencement ), market conditions, the trading price of the common stock and determinations by the Company as to the appropriate sources of funding for the Company and its operations.

The Company expects that any net proceeds received by the Company from sales to Ionic under the Purchase Agreement will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes.

The purchase price of the common stock purchased by the Ionic under the Purchase Agreement will be derived from prevailing market prices of the Company s common stock immediately preceding the time of sale. The Company will control the timing and amount of future sales, if any, of Common Stock to Ionic. Ionic has no right to require the Company to sell any common stock to it, but Ionic is obligated to make purchases as the Company directs, subject to certain conditions.

The Purchase Agreement and the RRA each contains certain representations, warranties, covenants, closing conditions and indemnification and termination provisions by, between and for the benefit of the parties which are customary of transactions of this nature. Ionic may not assign or transfer its rights and obligations under the Purchase Agreement.

The issuance of the Primary Shares and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant have been registered pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-259851) (the Registration Statement ), and the related base prospectus included in the Registration Statement dated October 8, 2021, as supplemented by a prospectus supplement to be filed on or about March 31, 2022 (the Prospectus Supplement ).

(the Purchase Price which consisted of in cash (the Cash Consideration and the issuance of shares of restricted common stock of the Company at per share (the Stock Consideration (representing in Stock Consideration) which was the volume weighted average price (VWAP) of the Company s common stock as reported by Bloomberg LP for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to Closing. in Stock Consideration was retained by the Company at the Closing and held as partial security to satisfy indemnification claims for a period of 12 months following the Closing.

In addition, the recipients of the Stock Consideration agreed to sign lock-up and leak-out agreements which provide that, following a 6-month lock-period and ending 18 months after Closing, any sales of the Company s common stock by such recipients do not exceed one percent of the then applicable thirty (30) day trading average volume of the Company s common stock as of such date.

Capital reserve

On January 9, 2020, the Company issued shares to Conversion Point Technologies Inc. as consideration for the acquisition of all the assets of Logiq, Inc. Nevada formerly known as Origin8, Inc. incorporating Push Holdings Inc) in the amount of and represents the excess of consideration over the par value of common stock of issued.

On November 2, 2020, the Company acquired substantially all the assets of Fixel AI Inc., a Delaware corporation Fixel in exchange for shares of the Company s common stock. In the amount of and represents the excess of consideration over the par value of common stock of issued.

Reg S shares to high net worth individuals and family offices in South East Asia.

During the year ended December 31, 2019, a total of shares with par value of per share were issued for consultancy services received including shares issued to Senior Management, Directors, Operational Staff, Legal Consultants, Strategy Advisors and Technology Consultants received and shares with par value of per share were issued to various stockholders.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, a total of shares with par value of per share were issued for consultancy services received including shares issued to Senior Management, Directors, Operational Staff, Legal Consultants, Strategy Advisors and Technology Consultants received and shares with par value of per share were issued to various stockholders.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, a total of shares with par value of 
per share were issued for consultancy services received including shares issued to Senior Management, Directors, Operational Staff, Legal Consultants, Strategy Advisors and Technology Consultants received and shares with par value of per share were issued to various stockholders.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, a total of shares with par value of 
per share were issued for consultancy services received including shares issued to Senior Management, Directors, Operational Staff, Legal Consultants, Strategy Advisors and Technology Consultants received and shares with par value of per share were issued to various stockholders.

Cancellation of Common Stock

During the year ended December 31, 2019, shares with par value of per share were cancelled by various stockholders.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, shares with par value of per share were cancelled by various stockholders.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, shares with par value of per share were cancelled by various stockholders.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, shares with par value of per share were cancelled by various stockholders.

Employee Stock Option Plan

The Company has a stock option and incentive plan, the Stock Option Plan . The exercise price for all equity awards issued under the Stock Option Plan is based on the fair market value of the common share price which is the closing price quoted on the Pink Sheets on the last trading day before the date of grant. The stock options generally vest on a monthly basis over a to period, and have a life.

-

Less: Option expired

-

-

Options Outstanding, December 31, 2015

-

-

-

-

-

Options Outstanding, December 31, 2016

-

-

-

-

-

Options Outstanding, December 31, 2017

-

-

-

-

-

Options Outstanding, December 31, 2018

-

-

-

-

-

Options Outstanding, December 31, 2019

-

-

-

-

-

Options Outstanding, December 31, 2020

-

-

-

-

-

Options Outstanding, December 31, 2021

-

-

-

-

-

Options Outstanding, December 31, 2022

-

-

-

-

-

All options outstanding are fully expired as of December 31, 2020. No new options were granted in the fiscal year 202 1
 or 20 22
.

Stock-Based Compensation

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, a total of shares of common stock was issued as stock-based compensation to directors, consultants, advisors and other professional parties.

F-26 

Denominator

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted

(Loss) per common share - basic and diluted

square feet of office and warehouse space located in Minneapolis, Minnesota, at a rate of per annum . The terms of the lease acquired were to expire on December 31, 2021. On September 1, 2021, the operating lease was amended to reduce the square footage leased to at a rate of per month. On November 1, 2021, the operating lease was amended to further reduce the square footage leased to at a rate of per month to expire on .

Based on the present value of the lease payments for the remaining lease term acquired on January 8, 2020, the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities were approximately with an effective present value rate of . Under the amended contract the operating lease right-of-use and liabilities were approximately at December 31, 2021, utilizing an effective present value rate at .

For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded approximately and , respectively, in amortization expense. The Company s net rental expense was approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. During a portion of 2021, the Company had two sub-lease agreements under the master operating lease. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had no sub-lease agreements and had a future commitment of rental payments of due during the year ended December 31, 2022, which has been realized.

Legal proceedings

F-27 

operating and reportable business segments: AppLogiq and DataLogiq. The Company determined its reportable segments based on operating and financial reports regularly reviewed by the Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM ), which is the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO ).

The AppLogiq reportable segment is comprised of the accounts of CreateApp and Corporate activities.

The DataLogiq reportable segment is comprised of the subsidiaries of DLQ, Inc. (formerly Logiq, Inc. (a Nevada corporation)), Fixel AI, Inc. and Rebel AI Inc.

Other corporate expenses, net

Total operating (loss) income

Gologiq incl CreateApp 

 post Spin off

Segment operating income

-

Other corporate expenses, net

-

Total operating (loss)

-

DLQ incl DATALogiq

Segment operating income

Other corporate expenses, net

Total operating (loss)

Consolidated

Segment operating income

Other corporate expenses, net

Total operating (loss)

Significant Customers

No revenues from any single customer exceeded of total net revenues in 2022 and 2021.

EU

South Korea

Africa

North America

Total revenue

F-28 

shares of the Company s common stock. The fair value of the shares of common stock at the close of the transaction was .

The acquisition of substantially all the assets of Pushing Holding was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805, Business Combinations
 ASC 805 ), with the results of Logiq, Inc. (Nevada) s operations included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from January 9, 2020. Goodwill has been measured as the excess of the total consideration over the amounts assigned to identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

During the period ended December 31, 2020, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Logiq, Inc. (Nevada) acquired substantially all of the assets of Push Holdings, Inc. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were as follows:

Restricted cash

Accounts receivable, net

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Property, plant and equipment

Intangible assets

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities

Due to parent company

Goodwill

Net assets acquired

Fair valuation methods used for the identifiable net assets acquired in the acquisition make use of quoted prices in active markets, discounted cash flows and risk adjusted weighted cost of capital. The methods used in determining fair value of the intangible assets included consideration of the three traditional approaches to value: market, income, and cost. Accordingly, after due consideration of other appropriate and generally accepted valuation methodologies, the value of intangible assets acquired from Push has been developed primarily on the basis of the income approach. Under the income approach, the Company evaluated revenue projections derived from the software technology and the appropriate royalty rate that Push Holdings would have paid if Push Holdings did not own the software technology.

On the acquisition date, goodwill of and other intangible assets of were recorded. The other intangible asset identified during the acquisition is software technology, which has a weighted average useful life of , which is management s best estimate at the time of the acquisition.

The Company incurred some accounting and legal fees related to the acquisition of the assets of Push Holdings. The amount attributable to the Company has been included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021.

In the consolidated statements of operations, revenues and expenses include the operations of Logiq, Inc. (Nevada) since January 9, 2020, which is the day after the acquisition date.

shares of the Company s common stock. The fair value of the shares of common stock at the close of the transaction was .

On the Closing Date, the Company issued restricted shares of its common stock to Fixel Stockholders, of which the shares allocated to the Fixel stockholders that are residents of Israel Israel Stockholders will be delivered to an independent third-party escrow (the Escrow Shares ), where (i) such shares will be released to Israel Stockholders upon each Israel Stockholder s compliance with the 104H tax ruling issued by certain tax authorities of Israel in connection with the Merger and (ii) shares held by Founders making up approximately of the shares issued will be held subject to offset for indemnification purposes. per share. 

The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were as follows:

Restricted cash

Accounts receivable, net

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Property, plant and equipment

Intangible assets

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities

Deferred revenue

Goodwill

Net assets acquired

Fair valuation methods used for the identifiable net assets acquired in the acquisition make use of quoted prices in active markets, discounted cash flows and risk adjusted weighted cost of capital. The methods used in determining fair value of the intangible assets included consideration of the three traditional approaches to value: market, income, and cost. Accordingly, after due consideration of other appropriate and generally accepted valuation methodologies, the value of intangible assets acquired from Fixel has been developed primarily on the basis of the income approach. Under the income approach, the Company evaluated revenue projections derived from the software technology and the appropriate royalty rate that Fixel would have paid if Fixel did not own the software technology.

On the acquisition date, goodwill of and other intangible assets of were recorded. The other intangible asset identified during the acquisition is software technology, which has a weighted average useful life of , which is management s best estimate at the time of the acquisition.

The Company incurred some accounting and legal fees related to the acquisition of the assets of Fixel. The amount attributable to the Company has been included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021.

In the consolidated statements of operations, revenues and expenses include the operations of Fixel AI, Inc. since November 3, 2020, which is the day after the acquisition date.

and in exchange for shares of the Company s common stock. The fair value of the shares of common stock at the close of the transaction was .

On the Closing Date, the Company issued restricted shares of its common stock to Rebel Stockholders, and at a trailing twenty ) day VWAP of per share.

Accounts receivable, net

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Property, plant and equipment

Intangible assets

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities

Goodwill

Net assets acquired

Fair valuation methods used for the identifiable net assets acquired in the acquisition make use of quoted prices in active markets, discounted cash flows and risk adjusted weighted cost of capital. The methods used in determining fair value of the intangible assets included consideration of the three traditional approaches to value: market, income, and cost. Accordingly, after due consideration of other appropriate and generally accepted valuation methodologies, the value of intangible assets acquired from Rebel has been developed primarily on the basis of the income approach. Under the income approach, the Company evaluated revenue projections derived from the software technology and the appropriate royalty rate that Rebel would have paid if Rebel did not own the software technology.

On the acquisition date, goodwill of and other intangible assets of were recorded. The other intangible asset identified during the acquisition is software technology, which has a weighted average useful life of , which is management s best estimate at the time of the acquisition.

The Company incurred some accounting and legal fees related to the acquisition of the assets of Rebel. The amount attributable to the Company has been included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the period ended December 31, 2021.

In the consolidated statements of operations, revenues and expenses include the operations of Rebel AI, Inc. since March 29, 2021, which is the day after the acquisition date.

Battle Bridge Labs LLC

On March 31, 2022, DLQ completed the acquisition of certain customer contractual agreements of Battle Bridge Labs, LLC, including those of Section 2383 LLC, a Tulsa, Oklahoma-based digital brand marketing agency. The purchase price was and consisted of the issuance of shares of restricted common stock of Logiq, Inc. with a fair value of and cash consideration of .

DLQ considers the Intangible asset acquired, comprising certain customer contractual agreements, to be at fair value and there is goodwill arising. 

Goodwill

Net assets acquired

AppLogiq Spin-Off

On July 27, 2022, the Company completed the Distribution and Spin Off. As a result, the Company no longer has a direct equity ownership of GoLogiq. The Company recognized an impairment loss of following a revaluation on February 28, 2023 to as compared to at December 31, 2021 as shown below.

Impairment loss in the year

Carried forward at December 31, 2022

Park Place Payments Inc.

Share Exchange Agreement

On April 25, 2023, the Company, Park Place, and the Stakeholders consummated the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, at the Closing (as defined therein), the Company shall acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Park Place, and in exchange has committed to issue and sell an aggregate of fourteen million six hundred fifty-two thousand seven hundred ninety-eight ) shares of common stock of the Company to Park Place, which are to be held in escrow and distributed to the Stakeholders pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Shares )(such transactions, collectively the Share Exchange ). A certain number of the Exchange Shares, being nine million seven hundred sixty-eight thousand five hundred thirty-two 

shares, are subject to the achievement by Park Place of earnout provisions pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement. 

The Exchange Shares issued pursuant to the Share Exchange have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or under the securities laws of any state, and therefore, cannot be resold, pledged, assigned or otherwise disposed of by the holders thereof, absent such registration or an applicable exemption from such registration requirements, and will be subject to further contractual restrictions on transfer as described in the Share Exchange Agreement.

All descriptions of the Share Exchange Agreement herein are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text thereof filed as Exhibit 2.10 hereto, which is incorporated herein by reference. The Share Exchange Agreement governs the contractual rights between the parties in relation to the transactions contemplated thereby and contains customary representations and warranties and pre- and post-closing covenants of each party. The Share Exchange Agreement is not intended to be, and should not be relied upon as, making disclosures regarding any facts and circumstances relating to the Company or Park Place. The Share Exchange Agreement is described in this Current Report and attached as Exhibit 2.10 hereto only to provide investors with information regarding the terms and conditions of the Share Exchange Agreement, and, except for its status as a contractual document that establishes and governs the legal relationship among the parties thereto with respect to the transactions contemplated thereby, is not intended to provide any other factual information regarding the Company or Park Place or the actual conduct of their respective businesses during the pen de
ncy of the Share Exchange Agreement, or to modify or supplement any factual disclosures about the Company contained in any of the Company s public reports filed with the Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC ).

39 

I tem 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures

None

I tem 9A. Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic and current reports that we file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;

(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and

(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. We have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on our evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, that occurred during the period covered by this Annual Report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to Item 308(b) of Regulation S-K.

I tem 9B. Other Information

None.

I tem 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

As of April 17, 2023, the Company has determined that it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in mainland China based on the fact that, as of such date, no such governmental entity had filed a Schedule 13D or 13G with respect to the Company s securities, the Company is not a party to any material contracts with such a foreign governmental party, and there is no such foreign government representative on the Company s board of directors. The audit report included in this Form 10-K is prepared by auditors who are located in Hong Kong, and in the event the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditors, our common stock will be subject to potential penalties, including trading prohibition. 

40 

P ART III

I tem 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance

The following table sets forth the names, ages, and positions of our executive officers and directors as of March 31, 2023. There are no arrangements, agreements or understandings between non-management security holders and management under which non-management security holders may directly or indirectly participate in or influence the management of our affairs. There are no arrangements or understandings between any director and any other person pursuant to which any director or executive officer was or is to be selected as a director or executive officer, as applicable.

Name

Age

Positions and Offices Held

Brent Suen

56

President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Director

Lionel Choong

61

Chief Financial Officer and Director

Chris Andrews

46

Chief Operating Officer

Ross O Brian

55

Independent Director

Set forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of each of our executive officers, directors, and key management personnel.

Brent Suen, age 56, President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Director

Brent Suen 
previously served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer until September 1, 2020 and was re-appointed on January 7, 2022, and has been President of the Company since November 19, 2014, and a director of the Company since November 19, 2014. Mr. Suen has 27 years of experience in the investment banking industry. He began his career in merger arbitrage at Bear Stearns in 1988, at the age of 20, as the firms youngest hire. In 1993, he founded Axis Trading Corp., one of the first online platforms for stock trading and subsequently sold it to a division of Softbank in 1996. In 1997, he co-founded Elevation Capital which invested in and advised Silicon Valley based companies on IPO s, mergers and acquisitions, strategic partnerships and fund raising. In 2003 Brent moved to Hong Kong and China where he established Bay2Peak S.A. Bay2Peak has invested in and advised over fifty companies which include Internet, software, renewable energy and life science companies. From 2006 to 2008 he also advised IRG TMT Asia Fund on private and public investments. In 2012 Brent served as advisor to McLarty Group and Citibank Venture Capital on a sale/leaseback program valued at 160 million leading to the eventual sale of the company for 630 million. For the past six years, Brent led the start-up and management of Empirica S.A., a security/intelligence and frontier markets focused advisory firm operating in Asia, the Middle East, Africa and Central Asia.

Mr. Suen holds a BA degree in Marketing from the University of Arkansas at Little Rock.

Based on Mr. Suen s work experience and education, the Board believes that he is qualified to serve as executive chairman, director and Principal Financial Officer.

Lionel Choong, age 61, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer

, Director

Lionel Choong has been Chief Financial Officer since July 17, 2015, and is a current member of our board. Since May 11, 2018, Mr. Choong is the audit committee chairman and independent non-executive director of Moxian Inc (NASD: MOXC). Previously, Mr. Choong was the Vice Chairman, audit committee chairman and an independent non-executive director of Emerson Radio Corp. (NYSE: MSN) from November 2013 to June 2017. Mr. Choong was acting Chief Financial Officer of Global Regency Ltd., between April 2009 and June 2015 and remains as a consultant thereafter. Mr. Choong is a director and consultant for Willsing Company Ltd., a position he has held since August 2004 and Board Advisor to Really Sports Co., Ltd., a position he has held since June 2013. Mr. Choong has a wide range of experience in a variety of senior financial positions with companies in China, Hong Kong SAR, and London, UK. His experience encompasses building businesses, restructuring insolvency, corporate finance, and initial public offerings in a number of vertical markets, including branded apparel, consumer and lifestyle, consumer products, pharmaceuticals, and logistics. From June 2008 to May 2011, Mr. Choong was acting Chief Financial Officer of Sinobiomed, Inc. (predecessor company of Logiq, Inc.).

41 

Mr. Choong is a fellow member and holds a corporate finance diploma from the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. He is also a CPA and practicing member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the Hong Kong Securities Institute. Mr. Choong holds a Bachelor of Arts in Accountancy from London Guildhall University, UK, and a Master of Business Administration from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in the US.

Based on Mr. Choong s work experience, previous directorships, and education, the Board believes that he is qualified to serve as a director and Chief Financial Officer with overall review of all financial matters of the Company.

Chris Andrews, age 46, Chief Operating Officer

Effective January 2, 2023, Chris Andrews, 46, was appointed to serve as the Company s Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Andrews previously served as the Chief Digital Officer of MediaJel, Inc. from June 15, 2021 to December 31, 2022, a digital marketing company for businesses in regulated industries. Prior to that, Mr. Andrews held the Chief Digital Officer role of Kubient, Inc. (Nasdaq: KBNT) from June 17, 2019 to May 31, 2021. From March 2017 to June 2019, he was employed as the Chief Technology Officer of Ogilvy CommonHealth Worldwide, a healthcare-focused marketing, branding and advertising agency that is a subsidiary of WPP plc (NYSE:WPP), arguably the world s largest advertising company. From November 2006 to February 2017, he was the Chief Information Officer of Ogilvy CommonHealth Worldwide. Mr. Andrews holds a Bachelor of Science and Masters of Business Administration from the New Jersey Institute of Technology.

Ross O Brien, age 55, Independent Director

Ross O Brien is an independent, non-executive director of the Company. Mr. O Brien is a telecommunications analyst and market entry consultant who focuses on Asia s digital economies. He has been based in Hong Kong for over two decades, and has also lived and worked in Indonesia, Singapore, China, Vietnam, and Bangladesh. Mr. O Brien runs the technology practice of B2B consultancy Intercedent Asia, where he focuses on market entry strategies for telecoms and IT companies, in managed services and wireless solutions. Mr. O Brien is also a Senior Contributing Editor at the MIT Technology Review s Insight program. Previously, Mr. O Brien was an analyst and consultant with Pyramid Research, Ovum (now Omdia) and Strategic Intelligence, and a consultant at AT T Solutions. For many years, he ran the Hong Kong program of the Economist Newspaper s senior executive advisory program, the Economist Corporate Network.

Mr. O Brien holds an AB from Dartmouth College (Hanover, NH), and an MBA from the Haas School of Business (University of California at Berkeley). He is conversant and literate in Mandarin and Indonesian.

Based on Mr. O Brien s work experience and education, the Board believes that he is well qualified to serve as an independent director of the Company.

42 

Board of Directors; Director Independence

The Board facilitates its exercise of independent supervision over the Company s management through frequent meetings of the Board. The Board is comprised of three directors: Brent Suen, Lionel Choong and Ross O Brien.

Ross O Brien is an independent director. Brent Suen and Lionel Choong are not independent directors as they are executive officers of the Company.

Board Committees and Independence

Our board of directors has established four standing committees Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and Social Media Committee each of which operates under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors.

Each of the board committees has the composition and responsibilities described below.

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee s main function is to oversee our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of our financial statements. This committee s responsibilities include, among other things:

selecting and hiring the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements;

helping to ensure the independence and performance of the independent registered public accounting firm;

43 

approving audit and non-audit services and fees;

reviewing financial statements and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our annual audited and quarterly financial statements, the results of the independent audit and the quarterly reviews, and the reports and certifications regarding internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls;

preparing the audit committee report that the SEC requires to be included in our annual proxy statement;

reviewing reports and communications from the independent registered public accounting firm;

reviewing earnings press releases and earnings guidance;

reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of our internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures;

reviewing our policies on risk assessment and risk management;

reviewing related party transactions;

establishing and overseeing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of accounting related complaints and the confidential submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; and

reviewing and monitoring actual and potential conflicts of interest.

The remaining member of our Audit Committee is Mr. O Brien. All members of our Audit Committee meet the requirements for financial literacy under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. O Brien is an audit committee financial expert as defined by applicable SEC rules and has the requisite financial sophistication. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. O Brien is independent under the applicable rules of the. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards of the SEC. 

Compensation Committee

The Compensation Committee evaluates, recommends, and approves policy relating to compensation and benefits of the Company s officers and employees. The Compensation Committee is directly responsible for, among other matters:

annually reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers;

evaluating the performance of these officers in light of those goals and objectives, and setting the compensation of these officers based on such evaluations;

administering and interpreting the Company s cash and equity-based compensation plans;

annually reviewing and making recommendations to the Board with respect to all cash and equity-based incentive compensation plans and arrangements; and

annually reviewing and evaluating the composition and performance of the Compensation Committee, including the adequacy of the Compensation Committee s charter.

The member of our Compensation Committee is Mr. O Brien who serves as the chairperson of the committee. Our board of directors has determined that O Brien is independent and all current members qualify as a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Our board of directors has determined that each of the members of our Compensation Committee is an outside director as that term is defined in Section 162(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 162(m). The compensation committee operates under a written charter, which the Compensation Committee will review and evaluate at least annually.

44 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding candidates for directorship, and the structure and composition of the Company s Board of Directors and committees of the Board of Directors. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is directly responsible for, among other matters:

identifying, evaluating, and nominating candidates for appointment or election as members of the Board of Directors;

developing, recommending, and evaluating a corporate governance guideline applicable to all of the Company s employees, officers, and directors; and

annually reviewing and evaluating the composition and performance of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, including the adequacy of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s charter.

The member of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is Mr. O Brien. Mr. O Brien serves as the chairman of the committee. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. O Brien is independent. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates under a written charter, which the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will review and evaluate at least annually.

Social Media Committee

The Social Media Committee is responsible for overseeing the social media strategy initiatives for the Company pursuant to Regulation FD. The Social Media Committee is directly responsible for, among other matters:

1. Providing compliant Regulation FD strategic leadership for social media through the alignment of social media strategies and activities with enterprise strategic objectives and processes.

2. Establishing and maintaining corporate policies with respect to use of social media for both process-driven social engagements, as well as for use of social media by employees for participating in social conversations (e.g. blogging and Tweeting by subject matter experts).

3. Prioritizing social media initiatives and deliver final approvals and recommendations on proceeding with proposed social media projects, including process, technology, and organizational projects.

4. Ensuring open communication between the social media department and the other functional units of Logiq.

The member of our Social Media Committee is Mr. O Brien.

Board Diversity

Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing with the board of directors, on an annual basis, the appropriate characteristics, skills and experience required for the board of directors as a whole and its individual members. In evaluating the suitability of individual candidates (both new candidates and current members), the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, in recommending candidates for election, and the board of directors, in approving (and, in the case of vacancies, appointing) such candidates, will take into account many factors, including the following:

Personal and professional integrity, ethics and values;

Experience in corporate management, such as serving as an officer or former officer of a publicly-held company;

Experience as a board member or executive officer of another publicly-held company;

Strong finance experience;

45 

Diversity of expertise and experience in substantive matters pertaining to our business relative to other board members;

Diversity of background and perspective, including, but not limited to, with respect to age, gender, race, place of residence and specialized experience;

Experience relevant to our business industry and with relevant social policy concerns; and

Relevant academic expertise or other proficiency in an area of our business operations.

Currently, our board of directors evaluates each individual in the context of the board of directors as a whole, with the objective of assembling a group that can best maximize the success of the business and represent stockholder interests through the exercise of sound judgment using its diversity of experience in these various areas.

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial and accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions. Our code of business conduct and ethics is available under the Investors section of our website at www.logiq.com. In addition, we post on our website all disclosures that are required by law concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the code. The reference to our website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained at or available through our website, and should not consider it to be a part of this Annual Report.

Family Relationships

There are no family relationships between any of the Company s directors or executive officers.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent (10 of a registered class of the Company s equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Officers, directors and greater than ten percent beneficial stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.

To the best of the Company s knowledge based solely on a review of Forms 3, 4, and 5 (and any amendments thereof) received by us during or with respect to the year ended December 31, 2022, the following persons have not filed on a timely basis, the identified reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during fiscal year ended December 31, 2022:

Name and principal position

Number of late reports

Transactions not timely reported

Known failures to file a required form

Brent Suen, President, Chairman, Principal Financial Officer Director

1

1

0

Lionel Choong, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Director

0

0

0

Ross O Brien, Independent Director

0

0

0

46 

Legal Proceedings

To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years:

been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses);

had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time;

been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;

been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated;

been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or

been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.

Except as set forth in our discussion below in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, none of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission.

47 

I tem 11. Executive Compensation

Executive Compensation

The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our former or current executive officers for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and Position

Year

Salary paid in cash )

Stock awards )

Option awards )

Non-equity incentive plan compensation )

Non-qualified deferred compensation earnings )

All other compensation )

Total )

Brent Suen

President, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Principal Financial Officer and Director

2021

216,000

48,880

-

-

-

-

264,880

2022

216,000

-

-

-

-

-

216,000

Tom Furukawa(1)

Chief Executive Officer (former)

2021

-

84,225

-

-

-

-

84,225

2022

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Daniel Urbino, (1)

Chief Operating Officer (former)

2021

-

198,575

-

-

-

-

198,575

2022

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Lionel Choong

Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Director

2021

144,000

-

-

-

-

-

144,000

2022

198,000

-

-

-

-

-

198,000

John MacNeil(1)

Chief Operating Officer, Chief of 

2021

240,000

-

-

-

-

-

240,000

Staff and director

 (former)

2022

240,000

-

-

-

-

-

240,000

(1)

 No longer an officer of the Company as of present date.

Option Grants

We did not grant any options to any of our executive officers during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Narrative Disclosure to Compensation Tables

Mr. Suen is entitled to a base compensation of 240,000 per annum.

Mr. Choong is entitled to a base compensation of 216,000 per annum.

Mr. MacNeil is entitled to a base compensation of 240,000 per annum. Mr. MacNeil resigned as an officer on December 29, 2022.

48 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End

There are no shares of common stock underlying outstanding equity incentive plan awards for the executive officer as of December 31, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information

On September 30, 2020, the Company adopted an equity compensation plan entitled the Logiq, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Pursuant to the Plan, the Company reserved up to 2,000,000 shares of common stock for issuance under the Plan.

The Plan allows for the grant of a variety of equity vehicles to provide flexibility in implementing equity awards, including incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock grants, unrestricted stock grants and restricted stock units.

Plan Administration

 . As used herein with respect to the Plan, the Board of Directors refers to any committee the Board of Directors appoints as well as to the Board of Directors itself. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board of Directors has the power to construe and interpret the Plan and awards granted under it and to determine the persons to whom and the dates on which awards will be granted, the number of shares of common stock to be subject to each award, the time or times during the term of each award within which all or a portion of such award may be exercised, the exercise price, the type of consideration and other terms of the award. Subject to the limitations set forth below, the Board of Directors will also determine the exercise price of options granted under the Plan and, with the consent of any adversely affected option holder, may reduce the exercise price of any outstanding option, cancel an outstanding option in exchange for a new option covering the same or a different number of shares of common stock or another equity award or cash or other consideration, or any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles. All decisions, determinations and interpretations by the Board of Directors regarding the Plan shall be final and binding on all participants or other persons claiming rights under the Plan or any award.

Options

 . Options granted under the Plan may become exercisable in cumulative increments vest as determined by the Board of Directors. Such increments may be based on continued service to the Company over a certain period of time, the occurrence of certain performance milestones, or other criteria. Options granted under the Plan may be subject to different vesting terms. The Board of Directors has the power to accelerate the time during which an option may vest or be exercised. In addition, options granted under the Plan may permit exercise prior to vesting, but in such event the participant may be required to enter into an early exercise stock purchase agreement that allows the Company to repurchase unvested shares, generally at their exercise price, should the participant s service terminate before vesting. To the extent provided by the terms of an option, a participant may satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to the exercise of such option by a cash payment upon exercise, by authorizing the Company to withhold a portion of the stock otherwise issuable to the participant, or by such other method as may be set forth in the option agreement. The maximum term of options under the Plan is 10 years, except that in certain cases the maximum term of certain incentive stock options is five years. Options under the Plan generally terminate three months after termination of the participant s service. Incentive stock options are not transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, provided that a participant may designate a beneficiary who may exercise an option following the participant s death. Non-statutory stock options are transferable to the extent provided in the option agreement.

49 

Stock Bonuses and Restricted Stock Awards. 

 Subject to certain limitations, the consideration, if any, for restricted stock unit awards must be at least the par value of our common stock. The consideration for a stock unit award may be payable in any form acceptable to the Board of Directors and permitted under applicable law. The Board of Directors may impose any restrictions or conditions upon the vesting of restricted stock unit awards, or that delay the delivery of the consideration after the vesting of stock unit awards, that it deems appropriate. Restricted stock unit awards are settled in shares of the Company s common stock. Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of shares covered by a restricted stock unit award, as determined by the Board of Directors. At the discretion of the Board of Directors, such dividend equivalents may be converted into additional shares covered by the restricted stock unit award . 
If a restricted stock unit award recipient s service relationship with the Company terminates, any unvested portion of the restricted stock unit award is forfeited upon the recipient s termination of service.

Certain Adjustments

 . Transactions not involving receipt of consideration by the Company, such as a merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, reclassification, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, or a change in corporate structure may change the type(s), class(es) and number of shares of common stock subject to the Plan and outstanding awards. In that event, the Plan will be appropriately adjusted as to the type(s), class(es) and the maximum number of shares of common stock subject to the Plan, and outstanding awards will be adjusted as to the type(s), class(es), number of shares and price per share of common stock subject to such awards.

On April 21, 2021, the Company amended and restated the Plan (as amended and restated, the First A R Plan ), subject to stockholder approval, to provide that stock options issued under the plan (i) may not be transferred and (ii) may not have an exercise price less than the fair market value FMV of such stock options as of the grant date. Pursuant to such amendment (the First A R Plan ), FMV shall be determined as follows: (i) if the Company s common stock is then listed or admitted to trading on a national stock exchange, the FMV shall be either (x) the five-day volume weighted average trading price, calculated by dividing the total value by the total volume of securities traded on a national stock exchange for the relevant period, or (y) the closing price of the Company s common stock on a national stock exchange on the previous trading day prior to the date of grant of the award; or (y) if the Company s common stock is not then listed or admitted to trading on a national stock exchange, the FMV shall be a price determined by the administrator of the First A R Plan in good faith using any reasonable method of valuation.

On October 22, 2021, the Company amended and restated the Plan again (as amended and restated, the Second A R Plan ), which was approved by the Company s stockholders on January 25, 2022. The Second A R Plan amends the Plan to (i) incorporate those changes previously included in the First A R Plan and (ii) increase the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance thereunder from 2,000,000 shares to 5,000,000 shares.

S-8 Registration Statement

On November 6, 2020, the Company filed a Form S-8 Registration Statement relating to 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share issuable to the employees, officers, directors, consultants and advisors of the Company under the Logiq, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan.

Directors Compensation

Mr. Suen, Mr. Choong and Mr. MacNeil, received no compensation for their services as a director of the Company. The compensation received by Mr. Suen, Mr. Choong, and Mr. MacNeil as an officer are presented in Executive Compensation Summary Compensation Table. 

50 

The following table sets forth information for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the year ended December 31, 2022, regarding the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our non-management directors who served on our Board during 2021 and 2022. It is estimated that the compensation awarded to non-management directors in 2022 will be substantially similar to what was paid in 2021.

Name

Year

Fees 

earned 

or paid 

in cash (US 

Stock 

awards (US 

Option-

based 

awards (US 

Non-equity 

incentive plan 

compensation (US 

Nonqualified 

deferred 

compensation 

earnings (US 

All other 

compensation (US 

Total (US 

Matthew Burlage(1)

2021

-

48,880

-

-

-

-

48,880

2022

216,000

-

-

-

-

216,000

Ross O Brien

2021

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

2022

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Brett Lay(1)

2021

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

2022

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Joshua Jacobs(1)

2021

-

22,913

-

-

-

-

22,913

2022

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Lea Hickman(1)

2021

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

2022

-

-

-

-

-

-

(1)

 No longer currently a director of the company

Employment 

 Agreements, Termination and Change of Control Benefits 

The Company entered into an independent contractor agreement with Lionel Choong on August 1, 2020. The agreement is for a term of two years and can be terminated by either party for any reason with 90 days prior written notice. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Choong is entitled to receive US 1800 per month effective July 1, 2022 (previously US 12,000 per month) in consideration for the performance of the services provided. There are no payments required to be made to Mr. Choong by the Company upon a termination of the agreement or a change of control of the Company.

The Company entered into an independent contractor agreement with Brent Suen on August 1, 2020. The agreement can be terminated by either party for any reason with 90 days prior written notice. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Suen is entitled to receive US 20,000 per month in consideration for the performance of the services provided thereunder. There are no payments required to be made to Mr. Suen by the Company upon a termination of the agreement or a change of control of the Company.

51 

I tem 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The following table sets forth certain information regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of April 10, 2023, for (i) each stockholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of our outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each Named Executive Officer and director, and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially own any shares: (a) over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or (b) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days after such date upon the exercise of stock options, warrants or convertible securities. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the table for our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner s spouse or children.

For purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days after April 10, 2019. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of common stock held by each person or group of persons, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days after April 10, 2019 is deemed to be outstanding, but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership.

Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is in care of Logiq, Inc., 85 Broad Street, 16-079, New York, NY 10004.

Name of Beneficial Owner

Position

Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned

Percent of Common Stock Beneficially Owned (1)

Named Executive Officers and Directors

Brent Suen

President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, Principal Financial Officer Director

377,842

Lionel Choong

Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer Director

150,305

Ross O Brien

Independent Director

102,307

All Directors and Officers as a group (3 persons)

630,454

5 or greater Shareholders

Timothy Ting Fai Wong(2)

4,000,000

5.4

Amir Mehdi Safavi (2)

3,900,000

5.2

Notes:

Less than 1 

(1)

 Applicable percentage ownership is based on 74,397,046 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 10, 2023.

(2)

 Based solely on that certain Schedule 13D filed by Mr. Wong on February 22, 2023

(3)

 Based solely on that certain Schedule 13D filed by Mr. Safavi on February 17, 2023

Changes in Control

We are not aware of any arrangements that may result in changes in control as that term is defined by the provisions of Item 403(c) of Regulation S-K.

52 

I tem 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Transactions with Related Persons

Since January 1, 2021, we have not entered into any transactions with any of our directors, nominees for director, officers or principal shareholders, nor any associate or affiliate of the foregoing, and we are not currently considering any proposed transactions with such related persons in which:

the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000; or

one percent (1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any such related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest

No director has informed the Company of any related party transactions.

Board Committees and Director Independence

We believe our corporate governance initiatives comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC and with the rules of OTCQX and the NEO Exchange.

Policies and Procedures Regarding Related Party Transactions

We have not adopted any formal procedures for the review or ratification, or standards for approval, of related-party transactions, but instead review such transactions on a case-by-case basis.

I tem 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The following table discloses the fees billed by our auditor in connection with the audit of the Company s annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

Financial Statements for the year ended December 31

2022

2021

Logiq

AppLogiq

DataLogiq

Logiq

AppLogiq

DataLogiq

Audit fees

45,000

40,000

55,000

45,000

40,000

55,000

Audit related fees

18,000

-

-

18,000

-

-

Tax fees

Other fees

Total fees

63,000

40,000

55,000

63,000

40,000

55,000

Notes:

(1)

 The aggregate fees billed for the fiscal year for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-Qs or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory engagements for those fiscal years.

(2)

 The aggregate fees billed in the fiscal year for assurance and related services by the principal accountants that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements and are not reported in Note 1.

(3)

 The aggregate fees billed in the fiscal year for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning.

(4)

 The aggregate fees billed in the fiscal year for the products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported in Notes (1), (2) and (3).

Audit Committee s Pre-Approval Practice

The Audit Committee has adopted policies and procedures for the preapproval of all audit and non-audit services to be rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm. Under the policies and procedures, the Audit Committee generally preapproves specified services in defined categories up to specified amounts. Preapproval may also be given as part of the Audit Committee s approval of the scope of the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm or on a case-by-case basis for specific tasks before engagement. The Audit Committee has delegated the preapproval of services to the chairman of the Audit Committee who is required to report each preapproval to the full Audit Committee no later than its next meeting.

The Audit Committee has considered and determined that the provision of the non-audit services described is compatible with maintaining the independence of our registered public accounting firm.

53 

P ART IV

I tem 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

(a) Exhibits

1. Financial Statements
. The financial statements, together with the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

2. Financial Statement Schedules
. All financial statement schedules have been omitted since the information is either not applicable or required, or was included in the financial statements or notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

3. Exhibits Required to be Filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K
. T he information called for by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Index to Exhibits included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
.

(b) Exhibits

Exhibit No.

Description of Exhibit

2.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement by and among Logiq, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Origin8, Inc., Push Holdings, Inc. and ConversionPoint Technologies, Inc., dated as of December 16, 2019 (3) 
 2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Fixel AI Inc., Logiq, Inc., Logiq Merger Sub, Inc., Etgar Shpivak, Hadar Shpivak and Elad Levy, dated as of October 30, 2020 (7) 
 2.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Logiq, Inc., RAI Acquisition Sub, Inc., Rebel AI, Inc, and Emmanuel Puentes, dated as of March 3, 2021 (9) 
 2.4 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 30, 2021 (13) 
 2.5 
 
 Master Distribution Agreement by and between Logiq, Inc. and Lovarra, dated December 15, 2021 (16) 
 2.6 
 
 Separation Agreement by and between Logiq, Inc. and Lovarra, dated December 15, 2021 (16) 
 2.7 
 
 Binding Letter of Intent, dated February 16, 2022 by and between Logiq, Inc., Battle Bridge Labs LLC, and Section 2383 LLC. (18) 
 2.8 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated March 31, 2022, by and among Logiq, Inc., Battle Bridge Acquisition Co, LLC, Section 2383 LLC, Travis Phipps and Robb Billy (19) 
 2.9 
 
 Merger Agreement by and among Loqiq, Inc., DLQ, Inc., ABRI SPACI, Inc. and ABRI Merger Sub, Inc., dated as of September 9, 2022 (20) 
 2.10 
 
 Form of Share Exchange Agreement, dated April 21, 2023, by and among Logiq Inc., Park Place Payments Inc., and the Stakeholders of Park Place Payments Inc. 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, filed November 18, 2004 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed March 1, 2007 (4) 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed August 2, 2011(4) 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed January 14, 2013(4) 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed April 10, 2013(4) 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed May 10, 2013(4) 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed September 18, 2013(4) 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed December 5, 2013(4) 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed August 5, 2015(4) 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed February 25, 2020(4) 
 3.11 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed July 31, 2020 (4) 
 3.12 
 
 Bylaws (1) 
 3.13 
 
 First Amended and Restated Bylaws, dated January 25, 2022 (11) 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. (18) 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant Indenture, dated June 21, 2021 (12) 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (14) 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Indenture (15) 
 4.5 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated March 30, 2022. (17) 
 10.1 
 
 Consultancy Service Agreement by and between the Company and Falcon Capital Partners Limited, dated June 7, 2019 (2) 
 10.2 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement with Tom Furukawa, dated as of September 1, 2020 (5) 
 10.3 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and between Logiq, Inc. and Steven J. Hartman, dated as of November 4, 2020 (8) 
 10.4 
 
 Logiq, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and related form agreements (6) 
 10.5 
 
 Logiq, Inc. Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and related form agreements (10) 
 10.6 
 
 Second Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (11) 
 10.7 
 
 Transition Services Agreement by and between Logiq, Inc. and Lovarra, dated December 15, 2021 (16) 
 10.8 
 
 Tax Sharing Agreement by and between Logiq, Inc. and Lovarra, dated December 15, 2021 (16) 
 10.9 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and between Logiq, Inc. and Ionic Ventures, LLC. (17) 
 10.10 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and between Logiq, Inc. and Ionic Ventures, LLC. (17) 
 10.11 + 
 
 Managed Services Agreement by and between Logiq, Inc., Battle Bridge Acquisition Co., LLC and Regal Nutra LLC, effective as of November 8, 2022 
 10.12 + 
 
 Independent Contractor Agreement by and between Logiq, Inc. and Regal Nutra LLC, effective as of November 8, 2022. 

54 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Centurion ZD CPA Co. 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

 101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

 101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

 101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

 101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

 101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

 104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 attachments).

Filed herewith

The XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that section and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing or document.

 +
 
 Certain confidential portions of this exhibit were omitted because the identified confidential provisions (i) are not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed.
 
 (1)

 Incorporated by reference to Form SB-2 of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 19, 2005

 (2)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2019 

 (3)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 18, 2019

 (4)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2021

 (5)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 4, 2020

 (6)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 1, 2020

 (7)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 5, 2020

 (8)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 10, 2020

 (9)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2021

 (10)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2021

 (11)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 26, 2022

 (12)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2021

 (13)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2021

 (14)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 6, 2021

 (15)

 Incorporated by reference to Form S-3 of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 28, 2021

 (16)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 16, 2021

 (17)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2022

 (18)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 1, 2022

 (19)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 6, 2022

 (20)

 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2022

I tem 16. Form 10-K Summary

Not applicable.

55 

S IGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Logiq, Inc.

Date: 
May 8 , 2023

 By:

 /s/ Brent Suen

Brent Suen, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Financial Officer

By:

 /s/ Lionel Choong

Lionel Choong Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Brent Suen

Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Chairman 

May 8, 2023

 Brent Suen

Director (Principal Executive and Financial Officer)

/s/ Lionel Choong

Chief Financial Officer, Director

May 8 , 2023

 Lionel Choong

(Principal Accounting Officer)

/s/ Ross O Brien

Independent Director

May 8 , 2023

 Ross O Brien

56 

<EX-10.11>
 2
 lg001_ex10-11.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.11

Certain identified information
has been excluded from the document because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit 10.11 

MANAGED SERVICES AGREEMENT 

THIS MANAGED SERVICES AGREEMENT
(this Agreement is made and entered into as of October 27, 2022 (the Effective Date by and between: LOGIQ,
INC., a Delaware corporation with offices at 85 Broad Street, 16-079, New York, New York 10004 Logiq ); BATTLEBRIDGE ACQUISITION
CO, LLC, a single-member Nevada limited liability company wholly owned by Logiq, with offices at 85 Broad Street, 16-079, New York, New
York 10004 BattleBridge ); and REGAL NUTRA LLC, [ ] Regal Nutra ). Each of Logiq, BattleBridge and Regal
Nutra may be referred to herein as a Party and collectively, they shall be referred to herein as the Parties. 

WHEREAS, in addition to entering
into this Agreement, Regal Nutra and Logiq have entered into a independent contractor agreement (the Independent Contractor Agreement as of the Effective Date; 

IN CONSIDERATION of the premises
and mutual promises reflected in this Agreement and in the other agreements and documents referenced herein, and intending to be legally
bound hereby, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

I. INTERPRETATION 

Initially capitalized terms and
trade names used without definition herein have the meaning generally ascribed to such terms within the domestic information technology
and social media industries. This Agreement has been drafted jointly by all the Parties hereto, and as such, each Party has had an adequate
opportunity to review each and every provision of this Agreement and to submit the same to legal counsel for review and advice; and as
a result, the rule of construction, if any, that a contract should be construed against the drafter shall not apply to the interpretation
or construction of this Agreement. 

II. SERVICES 

BattleBridge shall provide each and all of the following
services to or for the benefit of Regal Nutra during the Term of this Agreement, using commercially reasonable standards and methods: 

A. Full-Service
Affiliate Management . BattleBridge shall manage Regal Nutra s Affiliate network (the Affiliate Network ), which
management services shall include the following: 

1. Onboarding
/ Integration Meeting. BattleBridge shall meet with Regal Nutra to undertake an onboarding process and to learn the existing workflow
and metrics tracked by Regal Nutra. 

2. BattleBridge
shall enter existing Regal Nutra Affiliates into BattleBridge s Affiliate portal (the Affiliate Portal ): 

a) The
Affiliate Portal will track the effectiveness of Regal Nutra s Affiliates; and 

b) BattleBridge
shall enter all necessary available data into the Affiliate Portal and analyze the same for areas of improvement, reduction or growth
for the benefit of Regal Nutra. 

3. BattleBridge
shall manage all payments on Regal Nutra s behalf to the Affiliate Network, including the following: 

a) BattleBridge
shall take over from Regal Nutra the Affiliate payment function and shall make and ensure timely payment directly from BattleBridge to
all of the members of Regal Nutra s Affiliate Network for all services provided by such members of such Affiliate Network for the
benefit of Regal Nutra; 

b) Address
any refund issues or problems associated with such payments; and 

c) Provide
monthly written reports of payouts to Regal Nutra and review the same with Regal Nutra. 

4. BattleBridge
shall analyze Regal Nutra s Affiliate Network and: 

a) Analyze
existing Affiliates and identify opportunities for growth or cost reduction for the benefit of Regal Nutra; 

b) Run
monthly reports in writing (electronic or digital being acceptable) and review them with Regal Nutra; 

c) Review
Affiliate production with Regal Nutra; and 

d) Analyze
Regal Nutra s Affiliate traffic, identify which traffic is most profitable, and report the same to Regal Nutra in writing (electronic
or digital transmission being acceptable) on a monthly basis. 

BattleBridge shall have a dedicated Affiliate team to provide all services
described in this Agreement to Regal Nutra; and the team shall be available to Regal Nutra via the messaging program Slack and via electronic
mail (e-mail) 16 hours per calendar day. BattleBridge s services further shall include all Affiliate Network management services,
including, without limitation, the following: 

Affiliate
 Management Maintenance; 

Affiliate
 Analysis; 

Affiliate
 Strategy Development; 

2 

Conversion
 Optimization Advice; 

Prioritization
 of Regal Nutra/campaign goals; 

Affiliate
 Optimization; 

Affiliate
 Account Growth; 

High
 Level Strategy; and 

Collaboration
 Folders for Reports, Updates, Spreadsheets, and Backups. 

B. Website
Development/Hosting; Lead Generation Services; and Email Management . BattleBridge shall provide the following services to Regal Nutra: 

1. Website
Development/Maintenance: 

a) Integration
of website forms and database into CRM; 

 b) Build
out search engine optimization SEO friendly website and blog; 

 c) Build
out WordPress, the open-source content management system, website and integrate with all landing pages; 

 d) Updating
of all social media accounts/website hosting; 

 e) Website
maintenance; and 

 f) Website
security patches and updates. 

2. Lead Generation Services
that shall be provided by BattleBridge: 

a) Lead
generation; 

 b) Implement
lead generation service; 

 c) Managing
all lead generation activities from the blog and pop-ups; 

 d) Manage
all auto-responders; and 

 e) Coordinate
sales/promo emails with client 

3. Email Management 

a) Assist
client in setting up email auto-responders and newsletters; 

 b) Work
with client to produce html-friendly emails and increase delivery and open rates; and 

 c) Manage
email lists, clean and purge lists regularly. 

C. Organic
Content and SEO Services provided by BattleBridge . BattleBridge shall further provide the following services to Regal Nutra hereunder: 

1. Organic Traffic and Content
Package: 

 a) Ongoing
SEO audit; 

 b) Assist
in posting content produced by Regal Nutra; 

 c) Creation
of one video or infographic per month; 

 d) On-page
SEO implementation; 

 e) Navigation
optimization for SEO; and 

3 

f) Monitor
and resolve Google search console errors monthly. 

2. Social
Media Assistance and Growth provided by BattleBridge: 

 a) Social
media assistance; 

 b) Assist
Regal Nutra in posting to social media accounts; 

 c) Focus
on social media platforms Instagram, Facebook, Pinterest, TikTok, LinkedIn, and Twitter traffic; 

 d) Content
distribution and brand awareness; and 

 e) Engagement,
awareness, and like campaigns. 

3. BattleBridge shall
provide search engine marketing management services to Regal Nutra, including: 

a) Pay-per-click PPC management and maintenance; 

 b) PPC
Analysis; 

 c) PPC
for AdWords, Facebook, Instagram, Bing Ads, and YouTube; 

 d) Strategy
development; 

 e) Email
marketing and strategy consulting; 

 f) Campaign
optimization; 

 g) Account
growth; 

 h) Advertisement
copy writing and; 

 i) Once
per month update meetings, including once per week for the first three (3) months. 

III. GUARANTEE
 OF PERFORMANCE 

Logiq hereby covenants and guarantees
to Regal Nutra the prompt and unconditional performance of all of the obligations of BattleBridge under this Agreement, including, without
limitation, the obligation to process, manage and ensure timely payment of all amounts due and payable to Regal Nutra s Affiliates
and Affiliate Network, to timely and correctly address all refund issues or problems associated with the payment process, and to provide
true and accurate written reports of payouts to Regal Nutra on a monthly basis. This guaranty is an absolute, unconditional, present
and continuing guaranty of payment and performance and is in no way conditioned or contingent upon any attempt by Regal Nutra to enforce
its rights against BattleBridge or to collect from or upon any other condition or contingency; accordingly, Regal Nutra shall have the
absolute right to proceed against Logiq directly and immediately upon any breach of this Agreement without taking any prior action or
proceeding to enforce this Agreement against BattleBridge. It is expressly understood that the agreements of Logiq hereunder constitute
additional and cumulative benefits given as an inducement and consideration for Regal Nutra to enter into this Agreement. 

IV. INDEMNIFICATION 

Logic and BattleBridge, jointly
and severally, hereby covenant and agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Regal Nutra and its members, managers, officers, employees
and other agents from and against any and all damages, costs, expenses, lawsuits, settlements, fines, penalties and other losses of any
kind or description whatsoever arising out of any act or omission or breach of this Agreement by Logic, BattleBridge, or any of their
respective officers, directors, employees, agents or affiliates. 

4 

V. TERM;
 AND TERMINATION 

The term of this Agreement (the
 Term shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue through, and expire and terminate on, October 31, 2023 (the
 Expiration Date ); provided, however, that the Term may be extended by mutual consent of the Parties in a writing (digital
or electronic transmission being sufficient) executed by the Parties prior to the Expiration Date; and provided further, that Regal Nutra
shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time on or after January 1, 2023, without cost or penalty of any kind or description,
if Regal Nutra is dissatisfied for any reason with any of the services that have been provided to it hereunder, at Regal Nutra s
sole discretion; and provided further, that neither the expiration nor any termination hereof by Regal Nutra shall be cause for or create
any basis for any rescission, retraction or other failure to pay any consideration paid or payable to Regal Nutra under this Agreement,
including, without limitation, the shares of Logiq stock issued or to be issued to Regal Nutra hereunder, or otherwise. 

VI. CONSIDERATION
 PAYABLE (ISSUABLE) ON THE EFFECTIVE DATE 

Promptly upon execution of this
Agreement, Logiq shall issue to Regal Nutra a total of 1,750,000 restricted shares (the Initial Registrable Shares of
Logiq common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Common Stock ), all of which newly issued shares shall be duly authorized,
fully paid, non-assessable, and free and clear of any and all liens, pledges, conditional sales agreements, security interests and other
encumbrances of any kind or description other than transfer restrictions pursuant to applicable federal or state securities laws and
regulations (collectively, Security Interests ). The issuance to Regal Nutra of the Registrable Shares under this Article
VI shall be accompanied by the legal opinion of The Crone Law Group, special counsel to Logiq, in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto
(the CLG Legal Opinion ). 

VII. CONTINGENT
 CONSIDERATION 

Logiq represents and warrants
that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement, dated as of September 9, 2022 and as disclosed on Logiq s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on September 12, 2022, whereby, subject to
certain conditions, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Logiq shall merge with, be acquired by or enter into a business combination with Abri
SPAC I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and special purpose acquisition company (the SPAC on or before April 1, 2023 (the
 SPAC Deadline ). Logiq covenants and agrees that if Logiq or its wholly-owned subsidiary has not closed a merger, acquisition
or business combination with the SPAC on or before the SPAC Deadline, then, Logiq shall issue to Regal Nutra 1,750,000 additional
 restricted Common Shares (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares shall be issued by Logiq to Regal Nutra in addition to the
Initial Registrable Shares issued to Regal Nutra on or about the Effective Date) of Logiq, which additional shares, if issued, also shall
be duly authorized, fully paid, non-assessable, free and clear of any and all Security Interests (other than pursuant to applicable federal
and state securities laws and regulations) and deemed to constitute registrable shares (and together with the Initial Registrable Shares,
they shall be referred to herein as the Registrable Shares ). All references herein to numbers of Registrable Shares shall
be proportionately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or other change in such shares that may occur after the Effective
Date. 

5 

VIII. REGISTRATION
 RIGHTS 

If there is not an effective registration
covering all of the Registrable Shares and Logiq determines to prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement Registration
Statement relating to any public offering of any of its equity securities, Logiq shall give written notice (a Registration
Notice to Regal Nutra of such intention and if, within ten (10) calendar days after Regal Nutra s receipt of such Registration
Notice, Regal Nutra provides Logiq with a written request to participate in such registration, then, Logiq shall use its best efforts
to include in such registration and in any underwriting involved therewith all Registrable Shares then held by Regal Nutra and included
in such request (a Piggyback Registration ). In the case of an underwritten offering by Logiq, Regal Nutra shall, with respect
to Registrable Shares that Regal Nutra then desires to sell, enter into an underwriting agreement with the same underwriters engaged
by Logiq with respect to securities being offered by Logiq, and Logiq shall cause such underwriters to include in any such underwriting
all of the Registrable Shares that Regal Nutra then desires to sell. If Regal Nutra disapproves of the terms of any such underwriting
it may elect to withdraw therefrom by written notice to Logiq and the managing underwriter. Upon making a request for registration, Regal
Nutra shall specify the number of shares of Registrable Shares to be registered on its behalf and the intended method of disposition
thereof. 

In accordance with the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC, Logiq shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each Registration
Statement to become and remain continuously effective until the earlier of (i) the time that all of the Registrable Shares covered by
such Registration Statement have been sold in accordance with the intended methods of disposition of the seller or sellers set forth
in such Registration Statement and (ii) one (1) year after such Registration Statement has been declared effective; provided, that if
for any portion of such one (1) year period the Registration Statement is not effective or if Regal Nutra is required to refrain from
selling Registrable Shares, then such one (1) year requirement for maintaining the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall
be extended by the length of such interruption(s), and Logiq shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments to such Registration
Statement and supplements to the Prospectus contained therein as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective and such
Registration Statement and Prospectus accurate and complete during such period. In addition, Logiq shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to register or qualify all Logic securities covered by any Registration Statement under such state securities or blue sky laws
of such jurisdictions as Regal Nutra may request. 

6 

Logiq shall: (i) notify Regal
Nutra promptly after Logiq receives notice of the date and time when any Registration Statement and each post-effective amendment thereto
has become effective or a supplement to any Prospectus forming a part of such Registration Statement has been filed; (ii) notify Regal
Nutra promptly of any request by the SEC for the amending or supplementing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional
information; (iii) prepare and file with the SEC, promptly upon request by Regal Nutra, the Registration Statement and any amendments
or supplements to such Registration Statement or Prospectus that, in the reasonable opinion of counsel to Regal Nutra, is required under
the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder; (iv) prepare and file as promptly as reasonably possible with the SEC, and
promptly notify Regal Nutra in such registration of the filing of such amendments or supplements to such Registration Statement or Prospectus
as may be necessary to correct any statements or omissions if, at the time when a Prospectus relating to such Registrable Shares is required
to be delivered under the Securities Act, any event has occurred as the result of which any such Prospectus or any other Prospectus then
in effect may include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; (v) advise Regal Nutra promptly
after it receives notice, or obtains knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by the SEC suspending the effectiveness of
any Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for that purpose and promptly use its best efforts to prevent
the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be issued; and (vi) use commercially reasonable
efforts to comply in all material respects with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC relating to a Registration Statement.
All registration expenses incurred in connection with any registration, qualification or compliance pursuant to this Agreement shall
be borne exclusively by Logiq. 

IX. PUBLIC
 ANNOUNCEMENT 

The transactions described herein
shall be fully and publicly disclosed by Logiq promptly upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement. Each of Regal Nutra and [ ] names
may be omitted from any such public disclosure at the sole discretion of Logiq. 

X. CERTAIN
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF LOGIQ AND BATTLEBRIDGE 

Logiq and BattleBridge, jointly
and severally, represent and warrant to Regal Nutra that: (i) all shares of Common Stock of Logiq issued or to be issued to Regal Nutra
pursuant hereto are and shall be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of Security Interests; (ii) Logiq
has provided and shall continue promptly and as required under any and all applicable laws, rules and regulations Applicable
Laws to provide to Regal Nutra copies of all materially relevant documents and all other materially relevant information Relevant
Information concerning the anticipated acquisition of Logiq by the SPAC, provided that, to the extent any document required to
be delivered pursuant to this Article X is filed with the SEC electronically and is available to the public generally at or prior to
the time such document is required to be delivered pursuant to this Article X, such document shall be deemed to have been delivered on
the date on which such document is filed; (iii) promptly upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement, LOGIQ shall provide to the
SPAC copies of all Relevant Information concerning the transactions described in this Agreement, including, without limitation, fully
executed copies of this Agreement and the Independent Contractor Agreement; and (iv) no aspect of this Agreement or any of the other
transactions described herein violate any Applicable Laws. 

7 

XI. REIMBURSEMENT
 OF REGAL NUTRA S LEGAL FEES 

Logiq shall reimburse Regal Nutra
for all legal fees incurred thereby in connection with developing, negotiating, drafting, executing and delivering this Agreement and
the Independent Contractor Agreement, subject only to a cap on total reimbursement of legal fees in the amount of 25,000. 

XII. CERTAIN
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO REGAL NUTRA S OBLIGATIONS 

All obligations of Regal Nutra
hereunder are subject to the satisfaction, as of the Effective Date, of each and all of the following conditions precedent: 

A. Representations
and Warranties . All representations and warranties of Logiq, and all representations and warranties of BattleBridge, hereunder, shall
be true and correct in all respects as of the Effective Date and as of the SPAC Deadline. 

B. Qualifications;
Due Authorization of Shares . Any and all authorizations, approvals or permits, if any, of any governmental authority or regulatory
body of the United States or of any state that are required in connection with the lawful issuance and sale of the shares of Logiq stock
issued or issuable pursuant to this Agreement shall be obtained and effective as of the Effective Date and as of the SPAC Deadline. 

C. Compliance
with Applicable Laws . Each of Logiq and BattleBridge shall be in full compliance with all Applicable Laws, including, without limitation,
all SEC and state securities reporting obligations, all state and federal tax filings and payments, and any and all other legal, tax,
administrative, regulatory and other legal requirements of any and every description. 

D. Legal
and Accounting Opinions . The Crone Law Group, P.C., shall have rendered a legal opinion to Regal Nutra on the Effective Date in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit A, which has been negotiated with and approved by Regal Nutra; and Logiq s SEC accountants shall
have rendered an opinion to Regal Nutra on the Effective Date to the effect that all payments received by Logiq under this Agreement
shall be properly recognizable and actually recognized by Logiq as revenue under generally accepted accounting principles consistently
applied, in form satisfactory to Regal Nutra at Regal Nutra s sole discretion. 

E. Logiq
Board Resolution . Along with delivering to Regal Nutra an executed copy of this Agreement, Logiq also shall deliver to Regal Nutra
on the Effective Date a copy of a duly adopted resolution (or a unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting) of the Board of Directors
of Logiq expressly authorizing Logiq to enter into this Agreement and directing Brent Suen, Chief Executive Officer of Logiq, to execute
and deliver this Agreement on behalf of Logiq. 

8 

F. BattleBridge
Board Resolution . Along with delivering to Regal Nutra an executed copy of this Agreement, BattleBridge also shall deliver to Regal
Nutra on the Effective Date a copy of a duly adopted resolution (or a unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting) of the Board of
Directors of BattleBridge expressly authorizing BattleBridge to enter into this Agreement and directing Travis Phipps, President of BattleBridge,
to execute and deliver this Agreement on behalf of BattleBridge. 

XIII. GENERAL
 PROVISIONS 

A. Survival
of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties of Logiq and BattleBridge contained in or made pursuant to
this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement indefinitely. 

B. Successors
and Assigns . The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective successors
and assigns of the Parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any person other than the Parties
hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement,
except as expressly provided in this Agreement. 

C. Governing
Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws
that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law. 

D. Specific
Performance . The Parties expressly agree that the obligations of the Parties hereunder shall be enforceable by specific performance. 

E. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed and delivered by electronic mail or other digital transmission method and in two or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

F. Titles,
Headings and Subtitles . The titles, headings and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be
considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement. 

G. Notices .
All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given
upon the earlier of actual receipt or: (i) personal delivery to the party to be notified, (ii) when sent, if sent by electronic mail
during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipient s next business
day, (iii) five calendar days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv)
one business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery,
with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the Parties at their respective addresses as set forth on the
first page hereof. 

9 

H. Attorneys 
Fees . If any action at law or in equity is filed to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement or document
reasonably related hereto, then, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees, costs and necessary
disbursements from the non-prevailing Party or Parties, in addition to any other relief to which such prevailing Party may be entitled,
as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

I. Amendments
and Waivers . Any term of this Agreement may be amended, terminated or waived only with the written consent of all the Parties hereto. 

J. Severability .
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. 

K. Delays
or Omissions . No delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to any Party under this Agreement, upon any breach
or default of any other Party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such non-breaching or nondefaulting
Party or be construed to constitute a waiver of any such breach or default or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach
or default thereafter occurring; neither shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default
theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any Party of any
breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any Party of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must
be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. All remedies, either under this Agreement
or by law or otherwise afforded to any Party, shall be cumulative and not alternative. 

L. Entire
Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the full and entire understanding and agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof. 

M. Dispute
Resolution . The Parties: (i) hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located
in the District of Delaware, and to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the District of Arizona, for the purpose
of any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement; (ii) agree not to commence any suit, action or other
proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement except in the federal or state courts located in the District of Delaware, or
in the United States District Court for the District of Arizona; and (iii) hereby waive and agree not to assert, by way of motion, as
a defense, or otherwise, in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that a Party is not subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named
courts, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution based upon judgment or order of such court(s), that any suit,
action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement commenced in any such court or courts is brought in an inconvenient
forum, that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced
in or by such court. Should any Party commence a suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement in a forum
other than the federal or state courts located in the District of Delaware, or in the United States District Court for the District of
Arizona, should any Party otherwise seek to transfer or dismiss such suit, action or proceeding from such court(s), then such Party shall
indemnify and reimburse the other Party or Parties for all legal costs and expenses incurred in enforcing this provision. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY BLANK; 
SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

10 

dismiss such suit, action or proceeding from such
court(s), then such Party shall indemnity and reimburse the other Party or Parties for all legal costs and expenses incurred in enforcing
this provision. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY BLANK; 
SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO MANAGED SERVICES AGREEMENT BETWEEN
LOGIQ, INC., 
BATTLEBRIDGE ACQUISITION CO, LLC, AND REGAL NUTRA LLC] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Parties have executed and delivered
this Managed Services Agreement as of the Effective Date. 

LOGIQ, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

BATTLEBRIDGE ACQUISITION CO, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

REGAL NUTRA LLC 

By: 

Name: 

11 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 3
 lg001_ex10-12.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.12

Certain identified information
has been excluded from the document because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

 Exhibit 10.12 

INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT 

This Independent Contractor Agreement (this Agreement ),
 is made and entered into as of October 27, 2022 (the Effective Date by and between: LOGIQ, INC., a Delaware corporation
with offices at 85 Broad Street, 16-079, New York, New York 10004 Logiq ); and REGAL NUTRA LLC, [ ] Regal Nutra ).
Each of Logiq and Regal Nutra may be referred to herein as a Party and collectively, they shall be referred to herein
as the Parties , 

Reference is made to that certain managed services
agreement (the Managed Services Agreement ), dated of even date herewith, by and between Logiq, BattleBridge Acquisition
Co, LLC, a single-member Nevada limited liability company wholly owned by Logiq, and Regal Nutra. 

In consideration of the mutual covenants herein
contained and the performance of the services herein agreed to be performed by Regal Nutra and the payment of the amount herein agreed
to be paid by Logiq, the Parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: 

1. Duties.
 Regal Nutra s duties shall be business development strategies and execution and consulting services regarding e-commerce, digital
marketing, and online advertising, including lead generation, affiliate marketing and brand development, with Regal Nutra to provide
up to 40 hours per month of consulting work by Regal Nutra s principal, [ ] (the Services ). 

2. Term.
 Logiq hereby engages Regal Nutra on a non-exclusive basis, for a Term that coincides with the Term of that certain Managed Services
Agreement between the Parties; and any termination of the Managed Services Agreement shall terminate this Agreement. 

3. Relationship
of the Parties; Independent Contractor. No agency, employment, partnership or joint venture shall be created by this Agreement, as
the Parties are independent contractors with respect to one another. Neither Party shall have authority to act as an agent of the other
or to otherwise bind the other to any agreement, commitment, obligation, contract, instrument, undertaking, arrangement, certificate
or other matter. Each Party hereto shall refrain from making any representation intended to create an apparent agency, employment, partnership
or joint venture relationship between the Parties. Nothing in this Agreement shall restrict Regal Nutra or any of its officers, directors,
agents, affiliates or employees from engaging in any activity whatsoever, without limitation, receiving compensation for providing services
similar to the Services to other clients. It is understood and agreed that Regal Nutra is retained as an independent contractor and not
as an employee of Logiq. Regal Nutra acknowledges and agrees that it will not participate in nor is it entitled to, nor eligible for
any Logiq provided benefits, including, but not limited to, retirement benefits, social security, worker s compensation, health
or disability benefits, unemployment insurance benefits, or employee benefits of any kind. Logiq shall not be responsible for withholding
taxes with respect to Regal Nutra s compensation hereunder. 

4. Compensation.
 As full, sufficient and complete consideration for Regal Nutra s Services as described herein, Logiq shall pay and issue to
Regal Nutra the consideration described in the Managed Services Agreement. 

anyone who was employed by Logiq during the six-month
period preceding such hiring or engagement. The terms solicit, recruit, hire, or induce or encourage include, but are not
limited to, directly or indirectly: (i) initiating communications with an employee or independent contractor of Logiq relating to actual
or possible employment or an independent contractor relationship for an entity other than Logiq; (ii) offering bonuses or additional
compensation to encourage or cause any employee or independent contractor of Logiq to terminate employment with Logiq; or (ii) supplying
the names of, or otherwise referring or recommending, any employee or independent contractor of Logiq to personnel recruiters or persons
engaged in hiring for an entity other than Logiq. 

9. Intellectual
Property; Ownership of Deliverables. 

(a) Regal
Nutra hereby agrees that all work product and any and all other deliverables created or developed by Regal Nutra or produced for or delivered
to Logiq under or arising out of this Agreement or the services performed hereunder (collectively, the Deliverables ), and
all trade secrets, copyrights, patents, marks and any and all other intellectual property rights therein and rights to apply for registration
thereof, throughout the world, are and shall be deemed work for hire and the sole and exclusive property of Logiq, and
Regal Nutra hereby assigns to Logiq from the moment of creation all rights, title and interest therein. Regal Nutra represents and warrants
to Logiq that all Deliverables are solely the original works of Regal Nutra or, if applicable, all other contributors to the Deliverables
are employees of and have otherwise assigned to Regal Nutra any and all rights, title and interest such contributors may have had in
the Deliverables and all intellectual property rights therein, which deliverables, to Regal Nutra s knowledge, do not infringe
the intellectual property rights of any third party. Regal Nutra shall take any and all future actions, and execute any and all additional
documents, reasonably requested by Logiq to vest sole ownership of the same in Logiq, including, without limitation, the execution and
delivery in furtherance of filing any applications for registration and/or obtaining any registrations with respect to the Deliverables.
To the extent assigned Deliverables (or any portion thereof) hereunder are derivative works of or based upon (in whole or in part) any
of Regal Nutra s pre-existing (i.e., existing prior to the effective date of this Agreement) works, utilities, applications or
tools which are otherwise unrelated to the services provided hereunder (whether in hard copy or soft copy form, including, without limitation,
object code and source code) (collectively, Underlying Works ), Regal Nutra hereby grants to Logiq a perpetual, non-revocable,
royalty-free, non-exclusive, transferrable, sub-licensable and worldwide license to such Underlying Works and under all intellectual
property rights therein for the sole purpose of Logiq s unrestricted use and enjoyment of the Deliverables for their intended purpose
(including without limitation application, registration, protection, enforcement, reproduction, publication, dissemination, display,
distribution, use (including, without limitation, the right to create derivative works thereof), manufacture, transfer, offer for sale,
sale, and commercialization of the Deliverables. 

(b) All
services provided by Regal Nutra hereunder shall be for the benefit of Logiq. 

(c) Moral
Rights means any right to claim authorship of a work, any right to object to any distortion or other modification of a work, and
any similar right, existing under the law of any country in the world, or under any treaty. Regal Nutra hereby irrevocably transfers
and assigns to Logiq any and all Moral Rights that Regal Nutra may have in any Deliverables, services, or materials. Regal Nutra also
hereby forever waives and agrees never to assert against Logiq, its successors or assigns any and all Moral Rights that Regal Nutra may
have in any Deliverables, services or materials, even after termination of this Agreement. 

receipt of acknowledgement of receipt from the
other Party. If sent by mail, notice shall be considered delivered three (3) business days after the date of mailing, and if sent by
any other means set forth above, notice shall be considered delivered upon delivery thereof. Either Party may by notice to the other
Party change the address to which notice or other communications to it are to be delivered or mailed. 

17. Headings. Section
headings are not to be considered a part of this Agreement and are not intended to be a full and accurate description of the contents
hereof. 

18. Modification or
Amendment. No amendment, change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing signed by the Parties hereto. 

19. Entire Understanding.
 This Agreement and any schedule or exhibit attached hereto constitute the entire understanding and agreement of the Parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof. 

20. Unenforceability
of Provisions. If any provision of this Agreement, or any portion thereof, is held to be invalid and unenforceable, then the remainder
of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. 

21. Counterpart; Electronic
Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement
may be executed by electronic or digital signature, and an electronic or digital signature shall constitute an original signature for
purposes of this Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned have executed
and delivered this Consulting Agreement as of the Effective Date. 

LOGIQ, INC. 
 
 REGAL NUTRA LLC 

By: 

By: 

Name: 

Name: 

Title: 

Title: 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 lg001_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 DLQ, Inc. (formerly Logiq, Inc. (NV)) 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Fixel AI Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Rebel AI Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Tamble, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Push Interactive, LLC 
 
 Minnesota 
 
 Fixel Israel Ltd. 
 
 Israel 
 
 Battle Bridge Acquisition Co, LLC 
 
 Wyoming 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 lg001_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement
on Form S-8 (File No. 333- 249948) and Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-248069) of Logiq, Inc. (the Company of our report dated May 8, 2023, relating to the Company s financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Centurion ZD CPA Co 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 May 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 lg001_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Brent Suen, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of LOGIQ, INC.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 8, 2023 

/s/ Brent Suen 

Brent Suen 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 lg001_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Brent Suen, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of LOGIQ, INC.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 8, 2023 

/s/ Brent Suen 

Brent Suen 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Chairman 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 lg001_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Brent Suen, the
Chief Executive Officer of LOGIQ, INC. (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. Information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the
undersigned has executed this statement this 8th day of May, 2023. 

/s/ Brent Suen 

Brent Suen 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906 has been provided to LOGIQ, INC. and will be retained by LOGIQ, INC. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is
being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company,
whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 lg001_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Brent Suen, the
Chief Executive Officer and President of LOGIQ, INC. (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. Information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the
undersigned has executed this statement this 8th day of May, 2023. 

/s/ Brent Suen 

Brent Suen 

Chief Executive Officer, 
President and Executive Chairman 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906 has been provided to LOGIQ, INC. and will be retained by LOGIQ, INC. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is
being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company,
whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 lgiq-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 lgiq-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 lgiq-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 lgiq-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

