<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230519_10-K_edgar_data_1527102_0001213900-23-041268.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6333316</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>511972</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1240750</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1452774</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1558837</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1409361</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-041268.hdr.sgml : 20230519
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230518183930
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-041268
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230519
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230518

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001527102
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				263119496
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55019
		FILM NUMBER:		23937478

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8533 MIDWAY RD.
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75209
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(469) 209-6154

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 540308
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75354

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Generation Hemp, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191209

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Home Treasure Finders, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110801

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-041268.txt : 20230519

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_evergreen.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For Fiscal Year Ended ,

Commission File Number 

(formerly Generation Hemp, Inc.) 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities Registered under Section 12(b) of the
Exchange Act: 

None 

Securities Registered under Section 12(g) of the
Exchange Act: 

Class: 

Ticker: 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or, an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging
growth company , in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has
elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are
restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers
during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was
 . 

At May 18, 2023, the
registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, the other reports,
statements, and information that the Company has previously filed with or furnished to, or that we may subsequently file with or furnish
to, the SEC and public announcements that we have previously made or may subsequently make include, may include, or may incorporate by
reference certain statements that may be deemed to be forward- looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, and that are intended to enjoy the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements
provided by that Act. To the extent that any statements made in this report contain information that is not historical, these statements
are essentially forward-looking. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as anticipate , estimate ,
 plan , project , continuing , ongoing , expect , believe ,
 intend , may , will , should , could , or the negative of these words
or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward looking statements contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to statements about: 

the marketability of our products; 

financial condition and liquidity of our customers; 

competition in the hemp markets; 

conditions in the cryptocurrency mining industry, including any prolonged substantial reduction in cryptocurrency prices, and specifically, the value of bitcoin, which could cause a decline in the demand for the Company s services; 

competition among the various providers of data mining services; 

industry and market conditions; 

purchases by major customers and our ability to renew sales contracts; 

credit and performance risks associated with customers, suppliers, banks and other financial counterparties; 

availability, timing of delivery and costs of key supplies, capital equipment or commodities; 

our future capital requirements and our ability to raise additional capital to finance our activities; 

the future trading of our common stock; 

legal and regulatory risks associated with OTC Markets; 

our ability to operate as a public company; 

our ability to protect our proprietary information; 

general economic and business conditions; the volatility of our operating results and financial condition; 

our ability to attract or retain qualified senior management personnel and research and development staff; 

timing for completion of major acquisitions or capital projects; 

our ability to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if required, to complete acquisitions as currently contemplated or to fund the operations and growth of our business; 

operating or other expenses or changes in the timing thereof; 

compliance with stringent laws and regulations, as well as changes in the regulatory environment, the adoption of new or revised laws, regulations and permitting requirements; 

potential legal proceedings and regulatory inquiries against us; and 

other risks identified in this Quarterly Report that are not historical. 

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements
as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on
our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties
and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover,
we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not
possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will
be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking
statements. 

The forward-looking statements made in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required
by law. 

i 

SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 

The risk factors described below are a summary
of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us. These are not the only risks we face. The below summary is qualified
in its entirety by that more complete discussion of such risks and uncertainties. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together
with the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Report and the other reports and documents filed by us
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

Risks Related to Our Business 

There is substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern. 

We have a history of significant losses, which could continue in the future, and we may never achieve nor maintain profitability. 

Unfavorable global economic or political conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We have a limited operating history in two new sectors and operate under the professional guidance of our Chairman and CEO. 

We may be unable to manage our growth or implement our expansion strategy, especially in the bitcoin industry. 

The issuance of additional shares of our common stock may be necessary for the implementation of our growth strategy. 

The loss of our current chief executive officer or key management personnel or inability to attract and retain the necessary personnel could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our Chief Executive Officer has significant influence over our operations. 

It is likely that conflicts of interest may arise in the day-to- day operations of our business. Such conflicts, if not properly resolved, could have a material negative impact on our business. 

Adverse outcomes in any future legal proceedings could subject us to substantial damages and adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. 

We will seek to expand through acquisitions of and investments in various brands, businesses, and assets in the Hemp sector. These acquisition activities may be unsuccessful or divert management s attention. 

We risk insolvency if revenues decline sharply and we are unable pay our bills and unable to timely locate and negotiate a suitable business combination or capital injection. 

We are subject to certain corporate governance and internal control reporting requirements, and our costs related to compliance with, or our failure to comply with existing and future requirements, could adversely affect our business. 

Natural and other disasters, information technology system failures and network disruptions and cybersecurity breaches and attacks could adversely affect our business. 

Failure to comply with U.S. federal, state and international laws and regulations relating to privacy or data protection, or the expansion of current or the enactment of new laws or regulations relating to privacy or data protection, could adversely affect our business and our financial condition. 

ii 

Hemp prices have historically been very volatile and can directly affect the desire or willingness of farmers to grow new hemp crops each year, which is necessary for us to maintain consistent drying operations. 

Risks Related to our Activities in the Legal Hemp Industry 

We will be subject to a myriad of different laws and regulations governing hemp and bitcoin. Our inability to comply with such laws in a cost-effective manner may have an adverse effect on our business and result of operations. 

We have limited operating history in the legal hemp or cannabis industry, which makes it difficult to accurately assess our future growth prospects. 

Negative press from being in the hemp and/or bitcoin space could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Our stock price has been and may continue to be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Our operating results will be subject to fluctuations and our stock price may decline significantly. 

There are restrictions on the transferability of certain of our securities. 

If the Company uses its stock in acquisitions of other entities, there may be substantial dilution at the time of a transaction. 

Trading on the OTC Markets can be volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their shares. 

The Company currently plans move to a more advantageous trading market and then potentially uplist, to a national exchange, however, there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully move trading markets or uplist to a national exchange. 

Because we do not expect to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future, investors may be forced to sell their stock to realize a return on their investment. 

Our common stock is presently subject to the Penny Stock rules of the SEC. 

If we fail to remain current on our reporting requirements, we could be removed from the OTCQB which would limit the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities in the secondary market. 

If we ultimately decide to implement a reverse stock split in order to meet certain minimum stock prices required on a national exchange, the liquidity of the shares of our common stock will likely decrease accordingly. 

iii 

EVERGREEN SUSTAINABLE ENTERPRISES, INC. 

 (FORMERLY GENERATION HEMP, INC.) 

FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Description of Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 28 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 32 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 33 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 33 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 
 33 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 34 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 38 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management And Related Stockholder Matters 
 40 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 41 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 42 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 43 
 
 Signatures 
 48 

iv 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises, Inc. (formerly
Generation Hemp, Inc.) (the Company or Evergreen Sustainable ), was incorporated on August 21, 2021 in the
State of Delaware. The Company was originally incorporated on July 28, 2008 in the State of Colorado. On November 27, 2019, Home Treasure
Finders, Inc. HTF acquired approximately 94 of the common stock of Energy Hunter Resources, Inc. EHR in a series of transactions accounted for as a reverse merger (the Transaction ). Upon closing of the Transaction, HTF changed
its name to Generation Hemp, Inc. In March 2023, the Company changed its name to Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises, Inc. 

On January 11, 2021, we completed the acquisition
of certain assets of Halcyon Thruput, LLC Halcyon ). With this acquisition, we commenced providing post-harvest and midstream
services to growers by drying, processing, cleaning and stripping harvested hemp directly from the field and wetbaled at our 48,000 square
foot leased facility located in Hopkinsville, Kentucky. Additionally, the Company offers safe storage services for processed hemp, which
enables farmers to maximize strategic market timing. In September 2021, the Company launched its small animal bedding consumer goods product
line Rowdy Rooster made from the hemp hurd byproduct that is produced from its hemp processing operations. In September
of 2022, the Company launched its industrial absorbent consumer goods product line Gas Monkey Spill-Jack ), also made from the
hemp hurd byproduct produced from its hemp processing operations. This second product line is marketed under a branding agreement with
Gas Monkey Garage, a well-known brand in the automotive and entertainment sector. 

We also generate revenue from rental of
our Cannabis Zoned (Hemp) warehouse property located in Denver, Colorado currently leased to an unaffiliated hemp seed company. 

As of December 31, 2022, EHR held an approximate
8 working interest in an oil gas property located in Cochran County, Texas within the Slaughter-Levelland Field of the San Andres
formation in the Northwest Shelf of West Texas. EHR s oil gas activities are currently held for sale and are presented in
these consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations for each of the periods presented. 

Our management team has been and continues to
actively review acquisition candidates involved in the hemp industry that operate within a number of vertical businesses, predominantly
within the midstream sector that are attractive to us and are within the hemp supply chain. 

To fund our business activities, we have historically
completed a number of private placements of equity and debt. We continue to seek additional public or private placements of our stock
and debt. Our common shares are quoted on the OTCQB Markets under the symbol EGSE. 

Subsequent Events 

In January
2023, the Company announced a new strategic direction into sustainable energy projects, starting with bitcoin mining. The Company s
name was changed to Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises, Inc. EGSE in March 2023. The Company s existing hemp operations
will continue to be maintained as a fully operating wholly-owned subsidiary. 

On January 9, 2023, the Company purchased 80 
of Toro Energ a Sociedad Anonima Toro ), a Costa Rican corporation with ownership of a hydroelectric dam in Costa
Rica. The source of approximately one megawatt of power produced from the hydroelectric dam (six generators) will be used to power new
Bitcoin mining machines at an extremely low cost. The transaction was completed based on a total enterprise value for Toro of 2,750,000,
including seller-financed debt of 985,000. The seller-financed debt has a term of 10 years and a 9.5 per annum variable interest rate
(based on the prime rate) with straight line amortization. 

The purchase price for 80 of Toro s equity
was 1,412,000. These amounts were paid in cash from proceeds of a Secured Promissory Note Secured Note with Gary
C. Evans, CEO of the Company Evans ). Under the terms of the Secured Note, (a) the Company and Evans restructured (i) the
Subordinated Promissory Note, dated November 20, 2020 and (ii) Convertible Promissory Note, dated July 20, 2021, such that all accrued
and unpaid interest on each note were rolled into a new Secured Note, (b) Evans lent the Company 500,000 on January 9, 2023 and 969,000
on January 10, 2023. The Secured Note has a maturity date of July 15, 2023 and bears interest at the rate of 10.00 per annum. The Secured
Note has a conversion feature which permits Evans to convert at the Maturity Date then outstanding principal and interest at a conversion
price of 0.275 (the closing price of the Company s stock on January 9, 2023). 

1 

The Toro Dam is located approximately 25 miles
from San Jose between two volcano craters. The site generates all its energy from green resources with a proven 98 run time over the
many years it has been in operation and has a full-time staff in place under a new Operating Maintenance Agreement. 

Hydroelectric power is a clean and renewable energy
source that is used to generate electricity by harnessing the energy of falling water and can provide a reliable and a very cost-effective
source of energy for bitcoin mining operations. Hydroelectric power can help reduce the carbon footprint of cryptocurrency mining, as
many cryptocurrencies are produced using fossil fuels, which continues to contribute to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change. By
using hydroelectric power, bitcoin mining can be made more environmentally friendly and sustainable and can help improve the stability
and reliability of cryptocurrency networks. Hydroelectric power is a relatively stable and reliable source of energy, compared to other
sources such as coal or fossil fuels, which can be prone to price fluctuations and supply disruptions. The Company has committed to acquire
and made financial payments for the purchase of 240 new Bitmain S19J Pro+ ASIC miners that will be deployed at the Toro Dam sometime in
the first quarter of 2023. 

Corporate Structure 

The Company s business operations are
conducted through several operating subsidiaries with its core operational and business activities directed through Evergreen
Sustainable. These subsidiaries are listed below: 

GENH Halcyon Acquisition, LLC Hemp midstream processing
operations and hemp consumer goods products 

CryptoRica, LLC Bitcoin mining operations located
in Costa Rica 

Razorback I, LLC Bitcoin mining operations located
in Arkansas 

Bluegrass I, LLC Bitcoin mining operations located
in Kentucky 

Energy Hunter Resources, Inc. Energy operations 

Principal Services and their Markets 

The Company has diversified itself to take advantage
of the two developing industries of industrial hemp and bitcoin mining. Within both industries, there are vast opportunities to embody
and drive environmental, social, and corporate governance ESG advancements. Within its hemp operations and product lines,
the Company continues to be a leader in building out the infrastructure to support the fiber and hurd hemp supply chain for industrial
applications. Within its bitcoin mining operations and developing bitcoin mining operations, the Company is primarily utilizing diversified
green energy sources to power modular bitcoin mining arrays and targeting rural or remote areas that benefit both residents and local
utilities. 

In addition to our hydroelectric powered bitcoin
operations in Costa Rica, the Company is in development on several bitcoin mining arrays in several rural or remote U.S. locations. We
have two bitcoin mining arrays in development in Arkansas, an eight (8) megawatt array in south central Arkansas. We also have three bitcoin
mining arrays located in Kentucky, a five (5) megawatt array in Carter County and two additional sites in various stages of development
in Greenup County and again in Carter County that will potentially be a total of an additional eighteen (18) megawatts, including a site
that is in-part powered with hydroelectricity. 

Our hemp processing operations provide post-harvest
and midstream services to growers by drying, processing, cleaning, stripping harvested hemp directly from the field and wetbaled at our
leased 48,000 square foot facility located in Hopkinsville, Kentucky. The drying services technology greatly increases efficiency and
capacity during harvest for farmers who need to quickly move harvested hemp while preserving the cannabinoid potency by providing scalable
infrastructure essential to receive and process hemp with high moisture content wet quickly. Additionally, the Company
offers safe storage services for processed hemp, which enables farmers to maximize strategic market timing. The midstream business is
fee income oriented, based upon a price per pound of material handled, and therefore is more protected from significant commodity price
variations. The facility is able to process approximately 10,000 wet pounds per hour and the potential to scale up to 20,000 wet pounds
per hour in order to meet market demands as licensed and harvested hemp acreage continues to increase across Kentucky, Tennessee, Ohio,
Alabama and other states. 

We also own one industrial warehouse located in
Denver, Colorado and lease 100 of this space within that project to aid a licensed hemp seed grower. We exercise appropriate and reasonable
care to screen our tenants, require and verify that our tenants maintain proper licenses and operate in compliance with all applicable
rules and regulations at the federal, state, and local level. 

We may own properties for our own investment account
and as such are solely at financial risk in connection with our investments. In the event we utilize funds loaned to us by third party
groups, they may in some circumstances share certain risks. 

We do not grow, distribute or sell any form of
cannabis. We have no present plan to engage in such activities or obtain a license to do so, now, or in the future. We currently plan
to only operate in the hemp space. We are in the process of expanding our operations into other states, predominantly Kentucky and North
Carolina. 

2 

Marketing of our Services 

The market, clients, customers and distribution
methods for hemp services and hemp-based products are large and diverse. These markets range from hemp mid-stream services for hemp growers/farmers,
to hemp derived products like bioplastics, textiles, building materials, food additives, and dietary supplements. Awareness
and demand continue to grow for green, environmentally-friendly products derived from hemp, and the consumer market has
already begun to integrate hemp products and products that contain hemp derivatives to existing product lines. The distribution
system is constantly evolving as small retailers, retail chains, and big box stores become increasingly educated on and familiar/comfortable
with hemp and its derivatives. The current market is focused on one of the cannabinoids derived from hemp called cannabidiol CBD and consumer goods that contain CBD. Additionally, consumer awareness followed by increased demand continues to drive and even force companies
to make room on their shelves for hemp and products with hemp derivatives. For products with hemp derivatives like CBD, direct to
consumer Ecommerce through online store sales remains the main source of revenue for consumer goods companies, accounting for reported
percentages of approximately 70-80 of sales. 

The Company continues to implement a plan to become
more diversified within the midstream market. Our marketing efforts began with a grass roots approach in order to meet with farmers,
growers, and seed operations that would benefit from midstream services. To supplement the grass roots outreach, we built our online
web presence to reflect our desire to educate, to become a contributor and part of the hemp community, and also to act as a pioneer company
to connect investors in the U.S. public markets to a hemp education and platform that is dually informed. 

We maintain and update our website and engage
on social media platforms to market our ongoing hemp sector efforts. We use globally distributed YouTube video ad campaigns to increase
our brand awareness and encourage markets and the investment community to learn more about the hemp space. These videos have been played
on several business sites such as CNBC, MSNBC, Fox News, Fox Business, Yahoo Finance, among others. We have also begun to market
a version of Fireside Chats from our Chairman and CEO to talk about various topics of interest in the hemp space. 
These video segments will post on our social media platforms and they will also be used to create awareness campaigns that should have
a global outreach. In order to reach region specific growers/farmers in hemp, we have teed up direct mail marketing materials which
prove effective for service markets within a specified radius. These materials will serve as invitations to the farmers and growers
in areas that the midstream services which we are acquiring will reach. These are designed to add an identity to the midstream facility
and provide an offer of help and partnership. As we continue to become involved with additional verticals in the hemp supply chain,
we will expand and tailor these marketing and advertising efforts to the specific needs of each segment. To-date all marketing, ad creation,
ad campaigns, and creative work has been done internally and with a minimal budget. The Company has consistently presented at, and/or
exhibited in a number of industry tradeshows, and conferences and small cap investor conferences. 

In 2021, we increased our marketing efforts by
engaging several industry and investor media platforms by providing or collaborating on sponsored content in the form of articles, interviews,
and podcasts in order to continue to educate the public and investors on the hemp industry and our company s various products, services,
and business plan. We have been featured on USA Today, Small Caps Daily, Benzinga, Reddit, and Cannabis Wealth Magazine. Gary C. Evans
has also been a guest on KRLD News Radio Dallas to discuss the Company, along with several podcasts and webinars. We have also continued
to build out our social media presence on Instagram, TikTok, Facebook (Meta), Twitter, LinkedIn, and YouTube. We are attempting to post
video and/or static posts at least twice per week and designing content based on statistical data of engagement metrics what content
is trending, what users are most responsive to, and what times receive the most user reach and engagement. For reference, when comparing
social media engagement from October 18, 2021 December 28, 2021 to the same period for 2020, reach increased by 4,912 and engagement
increased by 420 due to these efforts by management and the social media team. 

On February 17, 2022, we executed a merchandise
licensing agreement with world-renowned brand, Gas Monkey Garage. The Company will manufacture a USA grown hemp hurd spill absorbent and
market this new product under the Gas Monkey brand name to consumers, retailers, and distributors as an environmentally sustainable, USA
made, ultra-absorbent spill clean-up material. This will be our second environmentally sustainable consumer goods product line made from
U.S. grown hemp hurd. Spill absorbents are typically used in garages, factories, or industrial settings to quickly contain spills of oil
and other liquids. Spill absorbents are also used at the site of auto accidents to quickly contain leaks of oil and other fluids due to
collisions. 

Richard Rawlings, owner and founder of Gas Monkey
Garage, is the star of the international hit series Fast N Loud Garage Rehab spanning
17+ seasons and 200+ episodes. Mr. Rawlings and Gas Monkey have migrated the show to an online platform and consistently produce new episodes
that premiere every week on YouTube and Facebook. With his experience of owning and running a garage for over 18 years, Richard Rawlings
found the sustainable spill absorbent to be of great significance. 

3 

There are several types of spill absorbents with
varying characteristics. These are in three general categories mineral based, animal or vegetable based, and synthetic or organic
polymers. The challenge in choosing an absorbent is finding an effective absorbent that does not pose a threat to health or the environment,
whether that threat is posed when that material is procured or used. For example, a widely used spill absorbent material in products is
Bentonite Clay. This is often a very dusty material and has warnings of containing unsafe levels of lead (FDA) and is associated with
a number of health complaints in humans. 

The Company tested its U.S. grown and milled hemp
hurd against currently used absorbents on the market and the findings showed it to have as effective or more effective absorbency and
ability to contain spills. 

In February of 2023, the Company began working
with iHeart Media, one of the most influential media companies with several different marketing and advertising channels (radio, television,
digital, etc.). iHeart Media agreed to drastically reduce their typical budget requirements in order to foster a growth relationship with
the Company. The first campaigns, called OTT (Over-The-Top), are targeting specific consumers, and will air before streaming television
and film content played on various internet streaming digital platforms. Initially, these campaigns are advertising the Company s
consumer goods products. 

Competition 

The hemp industry and hemp-based consumer product
industry is highly competitive and fragmented in its nascency with numerous companies, consisting of publicly (mostly Canadian) and privately-owned
companies. There are also large, well-funded companies beginning to emerge in the U.S. with a similar intention as the Company; to consolidate
and vertically integrate along the hemp supply chain through acquisitions. These companies have indicated their intention to compete in
the hemp industry and hemp-based product category. However, certain holding companies such as Acreage Holdings (domiciled in British Columbia)
also include cannabis companies in their portfolio, whereas the Company is currently hemp only. We routinely evaluate internal and external
opportunities to optimize value for shareholders through market research, strategic relationships and/or partnerships, and by asset acquisitions.
Based upon our management team experience, we believe we are well-positioned to capitalize in the growing hemp industry and hemp-based
product industry. 

There are several companies developing hemp-based
products and materials that will potentially displace existing products and materials sourced from less sustainable or less environmentally
friendly sources. These hemp-based products are developing in the markets of textiles, building materials, biofuels, as food additives,
skin care topicals and other therapeutics, and dietary supplements. Also, it is thought that cannabinoids derived from hemp can be used
as therapeutics for a range of medical indications. The hemp-derived cannabinoid therapeutic market currently includes extracts of the
hemp plant in several formulations, including proprietary formulations from several companies. These formulations include CBD and other
cannabinoid such as, CBG , CBC , and CBN or a combination of several cannabinoids as the active
ingredients. There are over one hundred different cannabinoids, therefore the market potential is only beginning to be realized. The therapeutics
and supplement market are flooded with competition for hemp-based cannabinoid therapeutics. There are also companies that are using hemp-based
cannabinoids as active ingredients in pharmaceutical formulations. 

Bitcoin mining is an increasingly competitive
industry comprised of companies and organizations of varying scale and sophistication. There has been a significant increase in the number
of commercial bitcoin miners attempting to expand and scale their mining operations, which in turn has contributed to increasing the global
network s total hash power. As more hashing capability is added to the bitcoin network, the revenue generating potential of the
Company s miners could be negatively affected. Additionally, as more bitcoin miners enter the industry, The Company may experience
additional pressure on profitability and ability to scale operations, due to greater competition for access to miners, mining locations,
and infrastructure components. 

Our Competitive Strengths 

We believe that we have the following competitive
strengths: 

Experienced and Committed Management Team . Gary C. Evans, our CEO, and other anticipated members of our senior management team have substantial experience in all aspects of growing a public company in a highly competitive sector, including acquisitions, dispositions, construction, development, management, finance and capital markets. Mr. Evans has previously been the Chairman and CEO of three different public companies that obtained financial success on the New York Stock Exchange. Additionally, he previously served as Chairman, CEO, and Lead Director of a NASDAQ listed company in the biopharmaceutical space for 24 years, having just resigned in 2021. 

Focus on Consolidating Atomized Industry . Our focus on revenue generating and positive cash flow businesses is a key part of our growth strategy. Moreover, we believe the beginning of an entire new industry creates numerous opportunities to evaluate and consolidate very fragmented businesses. Our ultimate goal of being a more fully integrated enterprise within the midstream sector will eventually give us control of very profitable values chain and separate us from most of our competition. 

Demonstrated Investment and Capital Raising Acumen . We will continue to utilize rigorous underwriting standards for evaluating acquisitions and potential tenants to ensure that they meet our strategic and financial criteria. Our management team s extensive experience and relationships established in mergers and acquisitions over the past 40 years and over 100 separate transactions should enable us to identify, negotiate and close on acquisitions cost effectively, efficiently, and with shareholder interest first in mind. 

4 

Intellectual Property 

As a company within the hemp industry, our current
effort is to protect and distinguish our company and brand identity amidst other entities currently operating within and entering the
space. 

The Company uses specific hardware and software
for its bitcoin mining operations. In certain cases, source code and other software assets may be subject to an open-source license due
to the fact that the majority of the technology in the blockchain and cryptocurrency sectors is open source For these works, we adhere
to the terms of any license agreements that may be in place. The Company does not currently own, and does not have any current plans to
seek, any patents in connection with its existing and planned blockchain and cryptocurrency related operations. The Company expects to
rely upon trade secrets, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights and other intellectual property rights and to license the
use of intellectual property rights owned and controlled by others. 

Governmental Regulation 

Hemp Industry 

We are subject to local and federal laws in our
operating jurisdictions. We will hold required licenses for product production and distribution to the extent that our business requires
and will monitor changes in laws, regulations, treaties and agreements. 

The Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 known
as the 2018 Farm Bill, is United States federal legislation signed into law on December 20, 2018, which provides much of
the legal framework for the hemp-based CBD product category. The 2018 Farm Bill permanently removed hemp from the purview
of the Controlled Substances Act, and accordingly, the Drug Enforcement Administration DEA no longer has any claim to
interfere with the interstate commerce of hemp products. Some of the immediate impact from this legislation includes the ability for farmers
to access crop insurance and U.S. Department of Agriculture programs for certification and competitive grants. While the DEA is now officially
not involved in hemp regulation, the FDA retains its authority to regulate ingestible and topical products, including those that contain
hemp and hemp extracts such as CBD. 

A range of federal regulations govern any potential
product development, manufacturing, distribution, sales and marketing, including the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994
(the DSHEA ). Under DSHEA, supplements are effectively regulated by the FDA for Good Manufacturing Practices under 21 CFR
Part 111. DSHEA defines a dietary supplement as a product intended to supplement the diet that contains one or more of the
following: (a) a vitamin; (b) a mineral; (c) an herb or other botanical; (d) an amino acid; (e) a dietary substance for use by man to
supplement the diet by increasing the total dietary intake; or (f) a concentrate, metabolite, constituent, extract, or combination of
any ingredient described in clause (a) through (e). Thus, the law permits a wide range of dietary ingredients in dietary supplements,
including CBD which is an extract of a botanical (Cannabis sativa L. plant). CBD also falls under clause (e) as it is a dietary substance
for use by man to supplement the diet by increasing the total dietary intake. 

Blockchain and Cryptomining 

Government regulation of blockchain and cryptocurrency mining industries
is being actively considered by the United States federal government via several agencies and regulatory bodies as well as similar entities
in other countries. State government regulations also may apply to the Company s activities and other activities in which the Company
participates or may participate in the future. Other regulatory bodies are governmental or semi-governmental and have shown an interest
in regulating or investigating companies engaged in the blockchain or cryptocurrency mining business. 

Businesses that are engaged in the transmission and custody of bitcoin
and other digital assets, including brokers and custodians, can be subject to the regulations of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the
 Treasury as money services businesses as well as state money transmitter licensing requirements. Bitcoin and other digital
assets are subject to anti-fraud regulations under federal and state commodity laws, and digital asset derivative instruments are substantively
regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Certain jurisdictions, including, among others, the State of New York and a number
of countries outside the United States, have developed regulatory requirements specifically for digital assets and companies that transact
in them. 

5 

Regulations may change substantially in the future, and it is presently
not possible to know how regulations will apply to the Company s business or when they will become effective. As the regulatory
and legal environments evolve, The Company may become subject to new laws and further regulation by the SEC and other agencies, which
may affect its mining and other activities. For instance, various bills have been proposed in the U.S. Congress related to The Company s
business, which may be adopted and have an impact on the Company. See Risk Factors for additional discussion regarding the
Company s belief about the potential risks that existing and future regulations pose to its business. 

On March 2, 2022, the United States announced plans to establish a
unified federal regulatory regime for cryptocurrency, and a group of United States Senators sent a letter to the United States Treasury
Department asking Treasury Secretary Yellen to investigate Treasury s ability to monitor and restrict the use of cryptocurrencies
to evade sanctions imposed by the United States. 

In September 2022, the White House issued a report regarding the Climate
and Energy Implications of Crypto-Assets in the United States. The report states that the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection
Agency should initiate a process to solicit data and develop environmental performance and energy conservation standards for crypto-asset
technologies, including mining equipment. Should such measures prove ineffective at achieving the Administration s environmental
goals, the report calls for the Administration to explore executive actions and legislation to limit or eliminate the use of high energy
intensity consensus mechanisms for crypto-asset mining. 

We are unable to predict the impact that any new standards, legislation,
or regulations may have on our business at the time of filing this Annual Report. We continue to monitor and proactively engage in dialogue
on regulatory and legislative matters related to our industry. 

Further, in December 2022 the SEC s Division of Corporation Finance
issued guidance advising companies to disclose exposure and risk to the cryptocurrency market. While the focus is on digital asset managers
and exchanges, and not bitcoin miners, the failure of such large asset managers and exchanges may create increased price volatility of
bitcoin. the Company does not store our bitcoin on such exchanges; however, we may be impacted by such failures. 

In January 2023, the Federal Reserve, Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency, and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation issued a joint statement discouraging banks from doing business with clients in
crypto-asset industries. In January 2023, the Federal Reserve also issued a policy statement broadening its authority to cover state-chartered
banks. 

Also in January 2023, the House of Representatives
announced its first ever Financial Services Subcommittee on Digital Assets and the intention to develop a regulatory framework for the
digital asset industry. The bipartisan leadership of the Senate Banking Committee announced that goal as well. 

As the regulatory and legal environment evolves,
we may become subject to new laws, such as further regulation by the SEC and other agencies, which may affect our mining and other activities.
For additional discussion regarding our belief about the potential risks existing and future regulation pose to our business, see Part
I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report. 

Additionally, we are subject to numerous federal,
state and local environmental laws and regulations. Numerous governmental agencies, such as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and
analogous state and provincial agencies issue regulations to implement and enforce these laws, which often require stringent and costly
compliance measures. These laws and regulations may, among other things, require the acquisition of permits; govern the amounts and types
of substances that may be released into the environment in connection with our operations; restrict the way we handle or dispose of our
materials and wastes; or require investigatory and remedial actions. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the
assessment of substantial administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory, remedial or corrective action
obligations, or the possible issuance of injunctions limiting or prohibiting our activities. In addition, some laws and regulations relating
to the protection of the environment may, in certain circumstances, impose liability for environmental damages and cleanup costs without
regard to negligence or fault. Complying with these regulatory requirements may increase our cost of doing business and consequently affect
our profitability. Moreover, environmental laws and regulations have been subject to frequent changes over the years, and the imposition
of more stringent requirements could have a material adverse effect upon our capital expenditures, earnings or our competitive position.
We believe that our existing environmental control procedures are adequate and we have no current plans for substantial capital expenditures
in this area that would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

6 

Environmental Matters 

Compliance with federal, state and local requirements
regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, have not had,
nor are they expected to have, any material effect on the capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position of the Company. 

Employees 

We had 11 employees as of December 31, 2022,
including our named executive officers. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and we have not experienced
any strikes or work stoppages related to labor relation issues. We believe we have good relations with our employees. We also utilize
seasonal part-time employees during peak hemp processing season and contractors to provide certain specialized skills and expertise that
may be required from time to time. 

Where You Can Find More Information 

We file annual, quarterly and current reports,
proxy statements and other information required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). You may read and copy any document we file with the SEC at the SEC s
public reference room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, U.S.A. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further
information on the public reference room. Our SEC filings are also available to the public from the SEC s internet site at http://www.sec.gov. 

On our Internet website, http://www.genhempinc.com,
we post the following recent filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC:
our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports
filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

7 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Our business involves certain risks and uncertainties.
The following is a description of significant risks that might cause our future financial condition or results of operations to differ
materially from those expected. In addition to the risks and uncertainties described below, we may face other risks and uncertainties,
some of which may be unknown to us and some of which we may deem immaterial. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur, our
business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

There is substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as
a going concern. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s
auditors report includes an explanatory paragraph stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. We have had substantial losses since inception and as of December 31, 2022, and the date of this report we have minimal cash
reserves. While we are beginning to generate increasing revenue and a positive cash flow, our ability to build significant cash reserves
and continue as a going concern over the long term remains unproven. In the event that we are forced to reduce operations or seriously
curtail our business, an investor will lose all money invested. 

We have a history of significant losses, which we expect to continue,
and we may never achieve nor maintain profitability. 

We have incurred significant net losses since
our formation and may continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future as we complete our acquisition efforts. We incurred net
losses of 7.0 million and 9.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. To date, we have not generated any
significant revenues from the hemp business. If we are unsuccessful in implementing our strategic plan we may never become profitable. 

Business interruptions resulting from the coronavirus disease
(COVID-19) outbreak or similar public health crises could cause a disruption of the development of our product candidates and adversely
impact our business. 

In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared
the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak a global pandemic. To limit the spread of COVID-19, governments have taken various actions
including the issuance of stay-at-home orders and physical distancing guidelines. Accordingly, businesses have adjusted, reduced or suspended
operating activities. We may experience disruptions as a result of COVID-19 that could severely impact our business and planned acquisition
strategy, including: 

challenges related to ongoing and increased operational expenses related to the COVID-19 pandemic; 

delays, difficulties or increased costs to comply with COVID-19 protocols; 

limitations in resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our business, including because of sickness or the desire to avoid contact with large groups of people or as a result of government-imposed Stay-at-Home orders or similar working restrictions; 

delays in receiving the supplies and materials needed to operate our business; 

interruption in global shipping that may affect the transport of materials or our supply chain; 

changes in regulations as part of a response to the COVID-19 pandemic which may require us to change the ways in which our business may be conducted, or which may result in unexpected costs; 

delays in necessary interactions with regulators and other important governmental agencies and contractors due to limitations in employee resources or forced furlough of personnel; and 

increased competition for suppliers and vendors. 

We will continue to assess the impact that COVID-19
may have on our ability to effectively conduct our business operations as planned and there can be no assurance that we will be able to
avoid a material impact on our business from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences, including disruption to our business and downturns
in business sentiment generally or in our industry. Should COVID-19 cases in USA increase, the country or states may institute stricter
social distancing protocols. 

8 

The global outbreak of COVID-19 continues to rapidly
evolve. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business will depend on future developments such as the rate of the spread
of the disease, travel restrictions and social distancing in the United States and other countries, business closures or business disruptions
and the effectiveness of actions taken in the United States and other countries to contain and treat the disease and to address its impact,
including on financial markets or otherwise. Further, a lack of coordinated response on risk mitigation and vaccination deployment with
respect to the COVID-19 pandemic on a local or federal level could result in significant increases to the duration and severity of the
pandemic in the United States as compared to the rest of the world and could have a corresponding negative impact on our business. While
the extent of the impact of the current COVID-19 pandemic on our business and financial results is uncertain, a continued and prolonged
public health crisis such as the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material negative impact on our business, financial condition and operating
results. 

To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely
affects our business, financial condition and operating results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the risks described
in this Risk Factors section. 

Unfavorable global economic or political conditions could adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our results of operations could be adversely affected
by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets. A global financial crisis or a global or regional political
disruption could cause extreme volatility in the capital and credit markets. For example, outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic, or contagious
diseases, such as the recent COVID-19 outbreak, could disrupt our business. Business disruptions could include disruptions to the productivity
of our employees working remotely and restrictions on their travel may hinder their ability to meet with potential customers and close
transactions, as well as temporary closures of the facilities of suppliers or contract growers as we try to develop our supply chain.
In addition, the COVID-19 outbreak may result in a severe economic downturn and has already significantly affected the financial markets
of many countries. A severe or prolonged economic downturn or political disruption could result in a variety of risks to our business,
including our ability to raise capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy or political disruption
could also strain our operations, possibly resulting in a future supply disruption, or cause our future customers to delay making payments
for our services. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the political or economic
climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 

We have a limited operating history and operate under the professional
guidance of our Chairman and CEO. 

Our ability to achieve consistent cash flow and
profitability depends upon the continued service of Gary C. Evans. Mr. Evans is our Chairman and CEO, largest shareholder, and the primary
management level executive. 

Our business plan provides that we will grow the
Company s asset base and revenues rapidly and ultimately deliver a positive cash flow generating company. 

We may not be able to generate predictable and
continuous revenue in the future. Further, there is no assurance that we will ever grow operations in the manner contemplated. 

We may incur significant operating losses in the
future, due to the expansion of our operations or other factors. There is no assurance that we can expand under terms that permit profitable
operations over the long term. Failure to generate sufficient revenue to pay expenses as they come due may make us unable to continue
as a going concern and result in the failure of our company and the complete loss of any money invested to purchase our shares. 

We may be unable to manage our growth or implement our expansion
strategy, especially in the bitcoin industry. 

As a public company, our expenses include, but
are not limited to, annual audits, legal costs, SEC reporting costs, costs of a transfer agent and the costs associated with fees and
compliance. Further, our management will need to invest significant time and energy to stay current with the public company responsibilities
of our business and may from time to time have diminished time available to apply to other tasks necessary to our survival and growth. 

It is therefore possible that the financial and
time burdens of operating as a public company will cause us to fail to achieve profitability. If we exhaust our funds, our business will
fail and our investors will lose all money invested in our stock. 

If we fail to pay public company costs, as such
costs are incurred; we could become delinquent in our reporting obligations and face the delisting of our shares. 

It is essential that we grow our overall business,
achieve significant profits and maintain adequate cash flow in order to pay the cost of remaining a public entity which includes but is
not limited the costs of remaining current with SEC reporting obligations. 

9 

The issuance of additional shares of our common stock may be
necessary for the implementation of our growth strategy. 

Limited private placement of restricted shares
of our common stock has been completed from time to time when deemed necessary. Cash generated in prior years was used to acquire cannabis
zoned real property, finance our office space and provide working capital. Issuance of any additional securities pursuant to future
fundraising activities undertaken may significantly dilute the ownership of existing shareholders and may reduce the price of our common
stock. 

We acquired, improved and leased our Denver warehouse
to a licensed third party hemp seed grower. Rental payments are current and the warehouse is presently reflecting positive cash flow. 

While we have been able to acquire a warehouse
in Denver, Colorado with owner financing, future acquisitions may require financial resources well in excess of our present balance sheet.
Failure to successfully obtain additional funding would likely jeopardize our ability to expand our hemp business and related operations. 

The loss of our chief executive officer or key management personnel
or inability to attract and retain the necessary personnel could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

Our success is heavily dependent on the continued
active participation of our chief executive officer, largest shareholder, and sole director listed under Management. Loss
of the services of Mr. Evans, would have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further,
our success and achievement of our growth plans depend on our ability to recruit, hire, train and retain other highly qualified technical,
professional, clerical, administrative and managerial personnel. Inability to attract and retain the necessary personnel, consultants
and advisors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our Chief Executive Officer has significant influence over us. 

Our Chief Executive Officer has the ability to
influence all of our business affairs. 

It is likely that conflicts of interest may arise in the day-to-
day operations of our business. Such conflicts, if not properly resolved, could have a material negative impact on our business. 

In the past, the Company has issued shares for
cash and services at prices which were solely determined by prior management. At that time, management made a determination of both the
value of the exchange for our shares, and, as well, the price per share used in the capital raising effort. Transactions of this
nature were not made at arm s length and were made without input from a knowledgeable and non-interested third party. Future
transactions of a like nature could dilute the percentage ownership of the company owned by a given investor. While the company believes
its past transactions were appropriate, and plans to act in good faith in the future, an investor in our shares will have no ability to
alter such transactions as they may occur in the future and, further, will not be consulted by the company in advance of any such transactions.
An investor who is unwilling to endure such potential dilution should not purchase our shares. 

Adverse outcomes in any future legal proceedings could subject
us to substantial damages and adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. 

We may become party to legal proceedings, including
matters involving personnel and employment issues, personal injury, environmental matters, and other proceedings. Some of these potential
proceedings could result in substantial damages or payment awards that exceed our insurance coverage. We will estimate our exposure to
any future legal proceedings and establish provisions for the estimated liabilities where it is reasonably possible to estimate and where
an adverse outcome is probable. Assessing and predicting the outcome of these matters will involve substantial uncertainties. Furthermore,
even if the outcome is ultimately in our favor, our costs associated with such litigation may be material. Adverse outcomes in future
legal proceedings or the costs and expenses associated therewith could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

10 

We will seek to expand through acquisitions of and investments
in various brands, businesses, and assets in the Hemp sector. These acquisition activities may be unsuccessful or divert management s
attention. 

We will consider strategic and complementary acquisitions
of and investments in other brands, businesses or other assets in the hemp sector, and such acquisitions or investments are subject to
risks that could affect our business, including risks related to: 

the necessity of coordinating geographically disparate organizations 

implementing common systems and controls 

integrating personnel with diverse business and cultural backgrounds 

integrating acquired manufacturing and production facilities, technology and products 

unanticipated expenses related to integration, including technical and operational integration 

increased costs and unanticipated liabilities, including with respect to registration, environmental, health and safety matters, that may affect sales and operating results 

retaining key employees 

obtaining required government and third-party approvals 

legal limitations in new jurisdictions 

installing effective internal controls and audit procedures 

issuing common stock that could dilute the interests of our existing stockholders 

spending cash and incurring debt 

assuming contingent liabilities and 

creating additional expenses. 

We may not be able to identify opportunities or
complete transactions on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or actually realize any anticipated benefits from such acquisitions
or investments. Similarly, we may not be able to obtain financing for acquisitions or investments on attractive terms. In addition, the
success of any acquisitions or investments also will depend, in part, on our ability to integrate the acquisition or investment with our
then existing operations. 

We risk insolvency if revenues decline sharply and we are unable
pay our bills and unable to timely locate and negotiate a suitable business combination or capital injection. 

Management is always concerned over potentially
unfavorable events and related sharp reductions in revenues. If such problems occur, we will first reduce expenses, conserve cash and
endeavor to replace lost revenue. In anticipation of possible problems of this nature, and alternatively to grow our business when opportunity
presents, management has continued its negotiations in connection with potential business combinations and continues to explore other
means of raising cash. Our goal is to develop cash reserves, either for expansion, or to cover shortfalls in revenue. Management believes
that ultimately, consummation of one or more such transactions would serve the best interests of shareholders; however, there is no assurance
that we can locate or consummate a suitable business combination or otherwise provide for liquidity, expanded working capital and a stronger
balance sheet. 

We are subject to corporate governance and internal control reporting
requirements, and our costs related to compliance with, or our failure to comply with existing and future requirements, could adversely
affect our business. 

We face corporate governance requirements under
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as new rules and regulations subsequently adopted by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board. These laws, rules and regulations continue to evolve and may become increasingly stringent in the future. In particular,
under new SEC rules we will be required to include management s report on internal controls as part of our annual report pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Furthermore, under the proposed rules, an attestation report on our internal controls from our
independent registered public accounting firm will be required as part of our annual report. We are in the process of evaluating our control
structure to help ensure that we will be able to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The financial cost of compliance with
these laws, rules and regulations is expected to be substantial. We cannot assure you that we will be able to fully comply with these
laws, rules and regulations that address corporate governance, internal control reporting and similar matters. Failure to comply with
these laws, rules and regulations could materially adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and the value of our securities. 

11 

Management
identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for complex transactions. The
Company has begun the process of designing and implementing measures to improve its internal controls over financial reporting and remediate
this material weakness. The Company s efforts include implementing additional reviews of business combination transactions and modifying
the Company s instructions to valuation specialists and reviews of their workproduct. This will include staffing additions as appropriate.
We will consider the material weakness remediated after the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time, and management
has concluded, through testing, that the controls are operating effectively. However, our remedial actions may not prevent this or similar
weaknesses from occurring in the future. 

Natural and other disasters, information technology system failures
and network disruptions and cybersecurity breaches and attacks could adversely affect our business. 

Our business and results of operations could be
negatively affected by certain factors beyond our control, such as natural disasters and/or climate change-related events (such as hurricanes,
earthquakes, fires, and floods); civil unrest; negative geopolitical conditions and developments; war, terrorism, or other man-made disasters;
and information technology system failures, network disruptions and cybersecurity breaches and attacks. Any of these events could result
in, among other things, damage to or the temporary closure of our facilities; a temporary lack of an adequate work force in one or more
markets; an interruption in power supply; a temporary or long-term disruption in our supply chain; and short- or long-term damage to our
prospective customers businesses (which would adversely impact demand for our products and services). We rely
on our own information systems, as well as those of our third-party business partners and suppliers. Despite the introduction of system
backup measures and engage in information system redundancy planning and processes, such measures, planning and processes may be ineffective
or inadequate to address all eventualities. 

Further, our information systems and our business
partners and suppliers information systems may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers and other security breaches, including
computer viruses and malware, through the internet (including via devices and applications connected to the internet), email attachments
and persons with access to these information systems, such as our employees or third parties with whom we do business. As information
systems and the use of software and related applications by us, our business partners, suppliers, and customers become more cloud-based
and connected to the internet, there has been an increase in global cybersecurity vulnerabilities and threats, including more sophisticated
and targeted cyber-related attacks that pose a risk to the security of our information systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability
and integrity of data and information. Any such attack or breach could compromise our networks and the information stored thereon could
be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. 

If we or our business partners or suppliers were
to experience a system disruption, attack or security breach that impacts any of our critical functions, or our customers were to experience
a system disruption, attack or security breach via any of our connected products and services, it could result in a period of shutdown
of information systems during which we may not be able to operate, the loss of sales and customers, financial misstatement, potential
liability for damages to our customers, reputational damage and significant incremental costs, which could adversely affect our business,
results of operations and profitability. Furthermore, any access to, public disclosure of, or other loss of data or information (including
any of our confidential or proprietary information or personal data or information) as a result of an attack or security breach could
result in governmental actions or private claims or proceedings, which could damage our reputation, cause a loss of confidence in our
products and services, damage our ability to develop (and protect our rights to) our proprietary technologies and adversely affect our
business. 

Failure to comply with U.S. federal, state and international
laws and regulations relating to privacy or data protection, or the expansion of current or the enactment of new laws or regulations relating
to privacy or data protection, could adversely affect our business and our financial condition. 

Failure to comply with U.S. federal, state and
international laws and regulations relating to privacy or data protection, or the expansion of current or the enactment of new laws or
regulations relating to privacy or data protection, could adversely affect our business and our financial condition. A variety of U.S.
federal, state and international laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of data. Laws and regulations
relating to privacy and data protection are evolving and subject to potentially differing interpretations. These requirements may be interpreted
and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another or may conflict with other rules or our practices. As a
result, our practices may not have complied or may not comply in the future with all such laws, regulations, requirements and obligations.
Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our posted privacy policies or with any federal, state or international privacy
or data protection related laws, regulations, industry self-regulatory principles, industry standards or codes of conduct, regulatory
guidance, orders to which we may be subject or other legal obligations relating to privacy or data protection could adversely affect our
reputation and business, and may result in claims, proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others or other liabilities
or require us to change our operations and/or cease using certain data sets. Any such claim, proceeding or action could hurt our reputation
and business, force us to incur significant expenses in defense of such proceedings, distract our management, increase our costs of doing
business, result in a loss of customers. 

12 

Uncertain Economic, Social and Political Environment . 

Consumer, corporate and financial confidence may
be adversely affected by current or future tensions around the world, fear of terrorist activity and/or military conflicts, localized
or global financial crises or other sources of political, social or economic unrest. Such erosion of confidence may lead to or extend
a localized or global economic downturn. A climate of uncertainty may reduce the availability of potential investment opportunities, and
increases the difficulty of modeling market conditions, potentially reducing the accuracy of financial projections. In addition, limited
availability of credit for consumers, homeowners and businesses, including credit used to acquire businesses, in an uncertain environment
or economic downturn may have an adverse effect on the economy generally and on our ability to make acquisitions. This may slow or halt
our rate of growth and materially and adversely affect our business and/or stock price. 

The Company will incur expenses in connection with its SEC filing
requirements and may not be able to meet such costs, which could jeopardize its filing status with the SEC. 

As a public reporting company, the Company is
required to meet the filing requirements of the SEC. The Company may see an increase in its legal, accounting, auditing and fees and expenses
as a result of such requirements. Our costs will increase significantly as the Company expands operations. Our filings are subject to
comment from the SEC on its filings and/or it is required to file supplemental filings for transactions and activities. If the Company
is not compliant in meeting the filing requirements of the SEC, it could lose its status as a 1934 Act Company, which could compromise
its ability to raise funds. 

Risks Related to our Activities in the Legal
Hemp Industry 

We will be subject to a myriad of different laws and regulations
governing hemp and bitcoin. Our inability to comply with such laws in a cost-effective manner may have an adverse effect on our business
and result of operations. 

Laws and regulations governing the use of hemp
in the United States are broad in scope; subject to evolving interpretations; and subject to enforcement by a myriad of regulatory agencies
and law enforcement entities. Under the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, also known as the 2018 Farm Bill, a state or Indian tribe
that desires to have primary regulatory authority over the production of hemp in the state or territory of the Indian tribe must submit
a plan to monitor and regulate hemp production to the Secretary of the USDA. The Secretary must then approve the state or tribal plan
after determining if the plan complies with the requirements set forth in the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018. The Secretary may also
audit the state or Indian tribe s compliance with the federally-approved plan. If the Secretary does not approve the state or Indian
tribe s plan, then the production of hemp in that state or territory of that Indian tribe will be subject to a plan established
by USDA. USDA has not yet established such a plan. We anticipate that many states will seek to have primary regulatory authority over
the production of hemp. States that seek such authority may create new laws and regulations that limit or restrict the use of hemp. 

Federal and state laws and regulations on hemp
may address production, monitoring, manufacturing, distribution, and laboratory testing to ensure that that the hemp has a delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol
concentration of not more than 0.3 on a dry weight basis. Federal laws and regulations may also address the transportation or shipment
of hemp or hemp products, as the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 prohibits states and Indian tribes from prohibiting the transportation
or shipment of hemp or hemp products produced in accordance with that law through the state or territory of the Indian tribe, as applicable.
We may be subject to many different state-based regulatory regimens for hemp, all of which could require us to incur substantial costs
associated with compliance requirements. Our operations will be restricted to only where such operations are legal on the local, state
and federal levels. 

In addition, it is possible that additional regulations
may be enacted in the future in the United States and globally that will be directly applicable to research and development operations. 

We cannot predict the nature of any future laws,
regulations, interpretations, or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative
policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. 

We have a limited operating history in the legal hemp industry,
which makes it difficult to accurately assess our future growth prospects. 

The legal hemp and cannabis industry is an evolving
industry that may not develop as expected. Furthermore, our operations will continue to evolve as we continually assess new strategic
opportunities for our business within this industry. Assessing the future prospects of this industry is challenging in light of both known
and unknown risks and difficulties we may encounter. 

13 

Growth prospects in the legal hemp and cannabis
industry can be affected by a wide variety of factors including: 

Competition from other similar companies; 

Fluctuations in the market price of CBD oil; 

Regulatory limitations on the types of research and development with respect to cannabis; 

Other changes in the regulation of cannabis and legal hemp use; and 

Changes in underlying consumer behavior, which may affect the demand of our legal hemp and cannabis traits. 

We may not be able to successfully address the
above factors, which could negatively impact our intended business plans. 

Negative press from being in the hemp/cannabis space could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The hemp plant and the cannabis/marijuana plant
are both part of the same cannabis sativa genus/species of plant, except that hemp, by definition, has less than 0.3 THC content, but
the same plant with a higher THC content is cannabis/marijuana, which is legal under certain state laws, but which is not legal under
federal law. The similarities between these plants can cause confusion, and our activities with legal hemp may be incorrectly perceived
as us being involved in federally illegal cannabis. Also, despite growing support for the cannabis industry and legalization of cannabis
in certain U.S. states, many individuals and businesses remain opposed to the cannabis industry. Any negative press resulting from any
incorrect perception that we have entered into the cannabis space could result in a loss of current or future business. It could also
adversely affect the public s perception of us and lead to reluctance by new parties to do business with us or to own our common
stock. We cannot assure you that additional business partners, including but not limited to financial institutions and customers, will
not attempt to end or curtail their relationships with us. Any such negative press or cessation of business could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Risks Relating to Digital
Asset Networks and Digital Assets 

Digital assets, such as bitcoin, may become regulated as securities
or investment securities. 

Bitcoin is the oldest and most well-known form
of digital asset. Bitcoin and other forms of digital assets / cryptocurrencies have been the source of much regulatory scrutiny, which
has resulted in differing definitional outcomes without a single unifying statement. In the context of the offer and sale of the Initial
Coin Offering ICO tokens, the SEC has determined certain digital tokens are securities under the Howey test as stated
by the U.S. Supreme Court. ICO offerings of securities would require registration under the Securities Act or an available exemption therefrom
for offers or sales in the United States to be lawful. Section 5(a) of the Securities Act provides that, unless a registration statement
is in effect as to a security, it is unlawful for any person, directly or indirectly, to engage in the offer or sale of securities in
interstate commerce. Furthermore, Section 5(c) of the Securities Act provides a similar prohibition against offers to sell, or offers
to buy, unless a registration statement has been filed. Although the Company does not believe its mining activities require registration
for it to conduct such activities and accumulate digital assets, the SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC ),
Nasdaq or other governmental or quasi- governmental agency or organization may conclude that the Company s activities involve the
offer or sale of securities, or ownership of investment securities, and the Company may face regulation under
the Securities Act or the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Such regulation or the
inability to meet the requirements to continue operations would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

The further development and acceptance of digital asset networks
and other digital assets, which represent a new and rapidly changing industry, are subject to a variety of factors that are difficult
to evaluate, and the slowing or stopping of the development or acceptance of digital asset systems may adversely affect the Company s
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Digital assets such as bitcoins, which may be
used, among other things, to buy and sell goods and services are a new and rapidly evolving industry of which the digital asset networks
are prominent, but not unique, parts. The growth of the digital asset industry in general, and the digital asset networks of bitcoin in
particular, are subject to a high degree of uncertainty. The factors affecting the further development of the digital asset industry,
as well as the digital asset networks, include, among others: 

continued worldwide growth in the adoption and use of bitcoins
and other digital assets; 

government and quasi-government regulation of bitcoins and other
digital assets and their use, or restrictions on or regulation of access to and operation of the digital asset network or similar digital
assets systems; 

the maintenance and development of the open-source software
protocol of the bitcoin network; 

changes in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; 

the availability and popularity of other forms or methods of
buying and selling goods and services, including new means of using fiat currencies; 

general economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating
to digital assets; and 

the impact of regulators focusing on digital assets and digital
securities and the costs associated with such regulatory oversight. 

14 

A decline in the popularity or acceptance of the
digital asset networks of bitcoin, or similar digital asset systems, could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

If demand for transactions in bitcoin declines and is replaced
by new demand for other cryptocurrencies, the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 

The Company s business will be highly dependent on strong bitcoin
demand relative to other cryptocurrencies in the market. As such, in addition to the factors impacting the broader crypto economy described
elsewhere in this section, the Company s business may be adversely affected, and growth in the Company s, and therefore the
Company s, revenues may slow or decline, if market demand for bitcoin deteriorates and is supplanted by other cryptocurrencies such
as ethereum and dogecoin. In addition, negative perceptions surrounding bitcoin relative to other cryptocurrencies may cause bitcoin to
fall out of favor. If other cryptocurrencies, such as ethereum and dogecoin, surpass bitcoin in market demand over a sustained period
of time, such a trend could harm the Company s business. Competition from public and central bank backed digital currencies could
undercut the need for other cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin. Competition from stablecoins (commodity-backed or fiat-backed) could undercut
demand for other cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin. 

Significant contributors to all or any digital asset network
could propose amendments to the respective network s protocols and software that, if accepted and authorized by such network, could
adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Digital asset networks are open-source projects and, although there
is an influential group of leaders in, for example, the bitcoin network community known as the Core Developers, there is
no official developer or group of developers that formally controls the bitcoin network. Any individual can download the bitcoin network
software and make any desired modifications, which are proposed to users and miners on the bitcoin network through software downloads
and upgrades, typically posted to the bitcoin development forum on GitHub.com. Proposals for upgrades and discussions relating thereto
take place on online forums. For example, there is an ongoing debate regarding altering the blockchain by increasing the size of blocks
to accommodate a larger volume of transactions. Although some proponents support an increase, other market participants oppose an increase
to the block size as it may deter miners from confirming transactions and concentrate power into a smaller group of miners. To the extent
that a significant majority of the users and miners on the bitcoin network install such software upgrade, the bitcoin network would be
subject to new protocols and software that may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In the event a developer or group of developers proposes a modification
to the bitcoin network that is not accepted by a majority of miners and users, but that is nonetheless accepted by a substantial plurality
of miners and users, two or more competing and incompatible blockchain implementations could result. This is known as a hard fork. 
We may not be able to realize the economic benefit of such a hard fork , either immediately or ever, which could adversely
affect an investment in our securities. If we hold a cryptocurrency at the time of a hard fork, industry standards would dictate that
we would be expected to hold an equivalent amount of the old and new assets following the fork. However, we may not be able, or it may
not be practical, to secure or realize the economic benefit of the new asset for various reasons. For instance, we may determine that
there is no safe or practical way to custody the new asset, that trying to do so may pose an unacceptable risk to our holdings in the
old asset, or that the costs of taking possession and/or maintaining ownership of the new cryptocurrency exceed the benefits of owning
the new cryptocurrency. Additionally, laws, regulation or other factors may prevent us from benefitting from the new asset even if there
is a safe and practical way to custody and secure the new asset. In such case, the hard fork in the blockchain could materially
and adversely affect the perceived value of digital assets as reflected on one or both incompatible blockchains, which may adversely affect
the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations and, in the worst-case scenario, harm the sustainability of
the bitcoin network s economy. 

15 

The open-source structure of the bitcoin network protocol means
that the contributors to the protocol are generally not directly compensated for their contributions in maintaining and developing the
bitcoin network protocol, and a failure to properly monitor and upgrade the protocol could damage the bitcoin network and adversely affect
the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The bitcoin network operates based on an open-source protocol, not
represented by an official organization or authority. Instead, it is maintained by a group of core contributors, largely on the Bitcoin
Core project on GitHub. As an open-source project, bitcoin is not represented by an official organization or authority. As the bitcoin
network protocol is not sold and its use does not generate revenues for contributors, contributors are generally not directly compensated
for maintaining and developing the bitcoin network protocol. Although the Media Lab s Digital Currency Initiative of the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology funds the current maintainer Wladimir J. van der Laan, among others, this type of financial incentive is not typical.
The lack of guaranteed financial incentive for contributors to maintain or develop the bitcoin network and the lack of guaranteed resources
to adequately address emerging issues with the bitcoin network may reduce incentives to address the issues adequately or in a timely manner. 

Changes to a digital asset network which the Company is mining on may
adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If a malicious actor or botnet obtains control in excess of 50 
of the processing power active on any digital asset network, including the bitcoin network, it is possible that such actor or botnet could
manipulate the blockchain in a manner that may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If a malicious actor or botnet (a volunteer or hacked collection of
computers controlled by networked software coordinating the actions of the computers) obtains a majority of the processing power dedicated
to mining on any digital asset network, including the bitcoin network, it may be able to alter the blockchain by constructing alternate
blocks if it is able to solve for such blocks faster than the remainder of the miners on the blockchain can add valid blocks. In such
alternate blocks, the malicious actor or botnet could control, exclude or modify the ordering of transactions, though it could not generate
new digital assets or transactions using such control. Using alternate blocks, the malicious actor could double-spend its
own digital assets (i.e., spend the same digital assets in more than one transaction) and prevent the confirmation of other users 
transactions for so long as it maintains control. To the extent that such malicious actor or botnet does not yield its majority control
of the processing power or the digital asset community does not reject the fraudulent blocks as malicious, reversing any changes made
to the blockchain may not be possible, which may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The approach towards and possible crossing of the 50 threshold indicates
a greater risk that a single mining pool could exert authority over the validation of digital asset transactions. To the extent that the
digital assets ecosystems do not act to ensure greater decentralization of digital asset mining processing power, the feasibility of a
malicious actor obtaining in excess of 50 of the processing power on any digital asset network (e.g., through control of a large mining
pool or through hacking such a mining pool) will increase, which may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

If the award of digital assets for solving blocks and transaction
fees for recording transactions are not sufficiently high to cover expenses related to running data center operations, it may adversely
affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Bitcoin miners record transactions when they solve for and add blocks
of information to the blockchain. When a miner solves for a block, it creates such block, which includes data relating to (i) the solution
to the block, (ii) a reference to the prior block in the blockchain to which the new block is being added and (iii) all transactions that
have occurred but have not yet been added to the blockchain. The miner becomes aware of outstanding, unrecorded transactions through data
packet transmission and propagation. Typically, bitcoin transactions will be recorded in the next chronological block if the spending
party has an internet connection and at least one minute has passed between the transaction s data packet transmission and the solution
of the next block. If a transaction is not recorded in the next chronological block, it is usually recorded in the next block thereafter. 

As the award of new digital assets for solving blocks declines, and
if transaction fees are not sufficiently high, miners may not have an adequate incentive to continue mining and may cease their mining
operations. For example, the current fixed reward on the bitcoin network for solving a new block is six and a quarter (6.25) bitcoins
per block. The reward decreased from twelve and a half (12.5) bitcoins in May 2020. It is estimated that it will halve again in approximately
May 2024. This reduction may result in a reduction in the aggregate hashrate of the bitcoin network as the incentive for miners will decrease.
Moreover, miners ceasing operations would reduce the aggregate hashrate on the bitcoin network, which would adversely affect the confirmation
process for transactions (i.e., temporarily decreasing the speed at which blocks are added to the blockchain until the next scheduled
adjustment in difficulty for block solutions) and make the bitcoin network more vulnerable to a malicious actor obtaining control in excess
of 50 of the aggregate hashrate on the bitcoin network. Periodically, the bitcoin network has adjusted the difficulty for block solutions
so that solution speeds remain in the vicinity of the expected ten-minute confirmation time targeted by the bitcoin network protocol. 

16 

The Company believes that from time to time there will be further considerations
and adjustments to the bitcoin network and others regarding the difficulty for block solutions. More significant reductions in aggregate
hashrate on digital asset networks could result in material, though temporary, delays in block solution confirmation time. Any reduction
in confidence in the confirmation process or aggregate hashrate of any digital asset network may negatively impact the value of digital
assets, which may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

To the extent that the profit margins of digital asset mining
operations are not high, operators of digital asset mining operations are more likely to immediately sell their digital assets earned
by mining in the digital asset exchange market, resulting in a reduction in the price of digital assets that may adversely affect the
Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Over the past ten years, digital asset mining operations have evolved
from individual users mining with computer processors, graphics processing units and first-generation servers. Currently, new processing
power brought onto the digital asset networks is predominantly added by incorporated and unincorporated professionalized 
mining operations. Professionalized mining operations may use proprietary hardware or sophisticated machines. They require the investment
of significant capital for the acquisition of this hardware, the leasing of operating space (often in data centers or warehousing facilities),
incurrence of electricity costs and the employment of technicians to operate the mining farms. As a result, professionalized mining operations
are of a greater scale than prior miners and have more defined, regular expenses and liabilities. These regular expenses and liabilities
require professionalized mining operations to more immediately sell digital assets earned from mining operations on the digital asset
exchange market, whereas it is believed that individual miners in past years were more likely to hold newly mined digital assets for more
extended periods. The immediate selling of newly mined digital assets greatly increases the supply of digital assets on the digital asset
exchange market, creating downward pressure on the price of each digital asset. 

The extent to which the value of digital assets mined by a professionalized
mining operation exceeds the allocable capital and operating costs determines the profit margin of such operation. A professionalized
mining operation may be more likely to sell a higher percentage of its newly mined digital assets rapidly if it is operating at a low
profit margin and it may partially or completely cease operations if its profit margin is negative. This could create a network effect
that may further reduce the price of digital assets until mining operations with higher operating costs become unprofitable and remove
mining power from the respective digital asset network. The network effect of reduced profit margins resulting in greater sales of newly
mined digital assets could result in a reduction in the price of digital assets that may adversely affect the Company s business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

To the extent that any miners cease to record transactions in
solved blocks, transactions that do not include the payment of a transaction fee will not be recorded on the blockchain until a block
is solved by a miner who does not require the payment of transaction fees, and any widespread delays in the recording of transactions
could result in a loss of confidence in that digital asset network, which may adversely affect the Company s business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

To the extent that any miners cease to record transactions in solved
blocks, such transactions will not be recorded on the blockchain. Currently, there are no known incentives for miners to elect to exclude
the recording of transactions in solved blocks. However, to the extent that any such incentives arise (e.g., a collective movement among
miners or one or more mining pools forcing bitcoin users to pay transaction fees as a substitute for or in addition to the award of new
bitcoins upon the solving of a block), actions of miners solving a significant number of blocks could delay the recording and confirmation
of transactions on the blockchain. Any systemic delays in the recording and confirmation of transactions on the blockchain could result
in greater exposure to double-spending transactions, or transactions that consist of bad actors simultaneously sending two or more bitcoin
to different addresses, and a loss of confidence in certain or all digital asset networks, which may adversely affect the Company s
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Intellectual property rights claims may adversely affect the
operation of some or all digital asset networks. 

Third parties may assert intellectual property claims relating to the
holding and transfer of digital assets and their source code. Regardless of the merit of any intellectual property or other legal action,
any threatened action that reduces confidence in some or all digital asset networks long-term viability or the ability of end-users
to hold and transfer digital assets may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, a meritorious intellectual property claim could prevent the Company and other end-users from accessing some or all digital
asset networks or holding or transferring their digital assets. As a result, an intellectual property claim against the Company or other
large digital asset network participants may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

17 

To the extent that the digital asset exchanges representing a
substantial portion of the volume in digital asset trading are involved in fraud or experience security failures or other operational
issues, such digital asset exchanges failures may result in a reduction in the price of some or all digital assets and may adversely
affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The digital asset exchanges on which the digital assets trade are new
and, in most cases, largely unregulated. Furthermore, many digital asset exchanges (including several of the most prominent U.S. dollar
denominated digital asset exchanges) do not provide the public with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management
teams, corporate practices or regulatory compliance. As a result, the marketplace may lose confidence in, or may experience problems relating
to, digital asset exchanges, including prominent exchanges handling a significant portion of the volume of digital asset trading. A lack
of stability in the digital asset exchange market and the closure or temporary shutdown of digital asset exchanges due to fraud, business
failure, hackers or malware or government-mandated regulation may reduce confidence in the digital asset networks and result in greater
volatility in digital asset values. These potential consequences of a digital asset exchange s failure may adversely affect the
Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Political or economic crises may motivate large-scale sales of
digital assets, which could result in a reduction in some or all digital assets values and adversely affect the Company s
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

As an alternative to fiat currencies that are backed by central governments,
digital assets such as bitcoins, which are relatively new, are subject to supply and demand forces based upon the desirability of an alternative,
decentralized means of buying and selling goods and services, and it is unclear how such supply and demand will be impacted by geopolitical
events. Nevertheless, political or economic crises, including current or anticipated military conflicts such as the war between Russia
and Ukraine, terrorism, sanctions or other geopolitical events globally, may motivate large-scale acquisitions or sales of digital assets
either globally or locally. Large-scale sales of digital assets would result in a reduction in some or all digital assets values
and may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company s ability to adopt technology in response to
changing security needs or trends poses a challenge to the safekeeping of the Company s digital assets. 

The history of digital asset exchanges has shown that exchanges and
large holders of digital assets must adapt to technological change in order to secure and safeguard their digital assets. The Company
will rely on enterprise cold storage solutions from third parties to safeguard the Company s digital assets from theft, loss, destruction
or other issues relating to hackers and technological attack. The Company s digital assets may also be moved to various exchanges
in order to exchange them for fiat currency during which time the Company will be relying on the security of such exchanges to safeguard
the Company s digital assets. 

The Company believes that it may become a more appealing target of
security threats as the size of the Company s bitcoin holdings grow. To the extent that either custody providers or the Company
are unable to identify and mitigate or stop new security threats, the Company s digital assets may be subject to theft, loss, destruction
or other attack, which may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Digital asset transactions are irrevocable, and stolen or incorrectly
transferred digital assets may be irretrievable and, as a result, any incorrectly executed digital asset transactions may adversely affect
the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Digital asset transactions are not, from an administrative perspective,
reversible without the consent and active participation of the recipient of the transaction or, in theory, control or consent of a majority
of the processing power on the respective digital asset network. Once a transaction has been verified and recorded in a block that is
added to the blockchain, an incorrect transfer of digital assets or a theft of digital assets generally will not be reversible, and the
Company may not be capable of seeking compensation for any such transfer or theft. Although the Company s transfers of digital assets
will regularly be made to or from various parties, it is possible that, through computer or human error, or through theft or criminal
action, the Company s digital assets could be transferred in incorrect amounts or to unauthorized third parties. To the extent that
the Company is unable to seek a corrective transaction with such third party or is incapable of identifying the third party which has
received the Company s digital assets through error or theft, the Company will be unable to revert or otherwise recover incorrectly
transferred digital assets. To the extent that the Company is unable to seek redress for such error or theft, such loss may adversely
affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The limited rights of legal recourse against the Company, and
the Company s lack of insurance protection, expose the Company and its stockholders to the risk of loss of its digital assets for
which no person is liable. 

The digital assets held by the Company may not be insured. Therefore,
a loss may be suffered with respect to the Company s digital assets which is not covered by insurance and for which no person is
liable in damages, which may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

18 

The Company may not have adequate sources of recovery if its
digital assets are lost, stolen or destroyed . 

If the Company s digital assets are lost, stolen or destroyed
under circumstances rendering a party liable to the Company, the responsible party may not have the financial resources sufficient to
satisfy its claim. For example, as to a particular event of loss, the only source of recovery for the Company might be limited, to the
extent identifiable, other responsible third parties (e.g., a thief or terrorist), any of which may not have the financial resources (including
liability insurance coverage) to satisfy a valid claim by the Company. 

Digital assets held by the Company are not subject to FDIC or
SIPC protections. 

The Company will not hold its digital assets with a banking institution
or a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC or the Securities Investor Protection Corporation SIPC and, therefore, its digital assets will not be subject to the protections enjoyed by depositors with FDIC or SIPC member institutions. 

The loss or destruction of a private key required to access a
digital asset may be irreversible and, as a result, the Company s loss of access to its private keys or its experience of a data
loss relating to its digital assets may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Digital assets are controllable only by the possessor of both the unique
public key and private key relating to the local or online digital wallet in which the digital assets are held. The Company is required
by the operation of digital asset networks to publish the public key relating to a digital wallet in use when it first verifies a spending
transaction from that digital wallet and disseminates such information into the respective network. The Company safeguards and keeps private
the private keys relating to its digital assets by using enterprise cold storage custody solutions from third parties. To the extent a
private key is lost, destroyed or otherwise compromised and no backup of the private key is accessible, the Company will be unable to
access the digital assets held by it and the private key will not be capable of being restored by the respective digital asset network.
Any loss of private keys relating to digital wallets used to store the Company s digital assets may adversely affect the Company s
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Because the Company s future digital assets may be held
by digital asset exchanges, it faces heightened risks from cybersecurity attacks and financial stability of digital asset exchanges. 

The Company may transfer digital assets from its wallet to digital
asset exchanges prior to selling them. Digital assets not held in the Company s wallet are subject to the risks encountered by digital
asset exchanges including a denial-of-service attack or other malicious hacking, a sale of the digital asset exchange, loss of the digital
assets by the digital asset exchange and other risks similar to those described herein. The Company may not maintain a custodian agreement
with any of the digital asset exchanges that hold the Company s digital assets. These digital asset exchanges may or may not provide
insurance and may lack the resources to protect against hacking and theft. If this were to occur, the Company s business, financial
condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

As the number of digital assets awarded for solving a block in
the blockchain decreases, the incentive for miners to continue to contribute processing power to the respective digital asset network
will transition from a set reward to transaction fees. 

In order to incentivize miners to continue to contribute processing
power to any digital asset network, such network may either formally or informally transition from a set reward to transaction fees earned
upon solving for a block. This transition could be accomplished either by miners independently electing to record in the blocks they solve
only those transactions that include payment of a transaction fee or by the digital asset network adopting software upgrades that require
the payment of a minimum transaction fee for all transactions. If transaction fees paid for digital asset transactions become too high,
the marketplace may be reluctant to accept digital assets as a means of payment and existing users may be motivated to switch from one
digital asset to another digital asset or back to fiat currency. Decreased use and demand for bitcoins may adversely affect the value
of the Company s bitcoins and may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The price of bitcoin may be influenced by regulatory, commercial
and technical factors that are highly uncertain resulting in the price of bitcoin being extremely volatile, which may significantly influence
the market price of the Company s common stock. 

To the extent investors view the value of the Company s common
stock as linked to the value or change in the value of bitcoin, fluctuations in the price of bitcoin may significantly influence the market
price of the Company s common stock. In addition, the Company s business operations are no longer economical below the bitcoin
breakeven point, or the point at which the total cost of mining operations exceeds the total revenues generated. 

The price of bitcoin has historically been subject to dramatic fluctuations
and is highly volatile. Bitcoin has only recently become accepted as a means of payment for goods and services and has recently trended
toward becoming a more actively traded instrument, however the acceptance and use of bitcoin remains limited and far from mainstream.
Conversely, a significant portion of demand for bitcoin may be generated by speculators and investors seeking to profit from the short-
or long-term holding of bitcoin. 

19 

In addition, some blockchain industry participants have reported that
a significant percentage of bitcoin trading activity is artificial or non-economic in nature and may represent attempts to manipulate
the price of bitcoin. As a result, trading platforms may seek to inflate demand for bitcoin, which could increase the volatility of the
price of bitcoin and may significantly influence the market price of the Company s common stock. 

The development and acceptance of competing blockchain platforms
or technologies may cause consumers to use alternative distributed ledgers or other alternatives. 

The development and acceptance of competing blockchain platforms or
technologies, including competing cryptocurrencies which our miners may not be able to mine, such as cryptocurrencies being developed
by popular social media platforms, online retailers, or government sponsored cryptocurrencies, may cause consumers to use alternative
distributed ledgers or an alternative to distributed ledgers altogether. Our business currently intends to utilize presently existent
digital ledgers and blockchains and we could face difficulty adapting to emergent digital ledgers, blockchains, or alternatives thereto.
This may adversely affect us and our exposure to various blockchain technologies and prevent us from realizing the anticipated profits
from our investments. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially
the value of any bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account, which could materially and
adversely affect investors investments in our securities. 

The decentralized nature of cryptocurrency systems may lead to slow
or inadequate responses to crises, which may negatively affect our business. 

The decentralized nature of the governance of cryptocurrency systems
may lead to ineffective decision making that slows development or prevents a network from overcoming emergent obstacles. Governance of
many cryptocurrency systems is by voluntary consensus and open competition with no clear leadership structure or authority. To the extent
lack of clarity in corporate governance of cryptocurrency systems leads to ineffective decision making that slows development and growth
of such cryptocurrencies, the value of our common stock may be adversely affected. 

Risks Relating to Regulatory Matters 

We are subject to a highly-evolving regulatory landscape and
any adverse changes to, or our failure to comply with, any laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, reputation, prospects
or operations. 

Until recently, relatively little regulatory attention has been directed
toward bitcoin and the bitcoin network by U.S. federal and state governments, foreign governments and self-regulatory agencies. We currently
only operate in the United States, and do not currently have any plans to expand our operations beyond the United States. As bitcoin has
grown in popularity and in market size, the U.S. regulatory regime - namely the Federal Reserve Board, U.S. Congress and certain U.S.
agencies (e.g., the SEC, the CFTC, FinCEN and the Federal Bureau of Investigation) have begun to examine the operations of the bitcoin
network, bitcoin users and the bitcoin exchange market. The complexity and evolving nature of our business and the significant uncertainty
surrounding the regulation of the cryptocurrency industry requires us to exercise our judgment as to whether certain laws, rules, and
regulations apply to us, and it is possible that governmental bodies and regulators may disagree with our conclusions. To the extent we
have not complied with such laws, rules, and regulations, we could be subject to significant fines, revocation of licenses, limitations
on our products and services, reputational harm, and other regulatory consequences, each of which may be significant and could adversely
affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Additionally, the recent bankruptcy filings of FTX, the third largest
digital asset exchange by volume at the time of its filing, and its affiliated hedge fund Alameda Research LLC, in addition to other bankruptcy
filings of crypto companies throughout calendar year 2022 and the first quarter of 2023, together with the recent closures of Silicon
Valley Bank, SBNY and Silvergate Bank, will likely attract heightened regulatory scrutiny from U.S. regulatory agencies such as the SEC
and CFTC. Increasing regulation and regulatory scrutiny may result in new costs for the Company and Company s management having
to devote increased time and attention to regulatory matters, change aspects of the Company s business or result in limits on the
utility of bitcoin. In addition, regulatory developments and/or the Company s business activities may require the Company to comply
with certain regulatory regimes. Increasingly strict legal and regulatory requirements and any regulatory investigations and enforcement
may result in changes to our business, as well as increased costs, and supervision and examination for ourselves and our service providers.
Moreover, new laws, regulations, or interpretations may result in additional litigation, regulatory investigations, and enforcement or
other actions. Adverse hanges to, or our failure to comply with, any laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on our reputation
and brand and our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

20 

Additionally, although we are not directly connected to the recent
cryptocurrency market events, we may still suffer reputational harm due to our association with the cryptocurrency industry in light of
the recent disruption in the crypto asset markets. Ongoing and future regulation and regulatory actions could significantly restrict or
eliminate the market for or uses of bitcoin and/or may adversely affect the Company s business, reputation, financial condition
and results of operations. 

TeraWulf may be at a higher risk of litigation and other legal proceedings
due to heightened regulatory scrutiny of the cryptocurrency industry, which could ultimately be resolved against TeraWulf, requiring material
future cash payments or charges, which could impair TeraWulf s financial condition and results of operations. 

The size, nature and complexity of the Company s business could
make it susceptible to various claims, both in litigation and binding arbitration proceedings, legal proceedings, and government investigations,
due to the heightened regulatory scrutiny following the recent disruptions in the crypto asset markets. The Company believes that since
cryptocurrency mining, and the digital asset industry generally, is a relatively new business sector, it is more likely subject to government
investigation and regulatory determination, particularly following the recent cryptocurrency market participant bankruptcies described
elsewhere herein. Any claims, regulatory proceedings or litigation that could arise in the course of the Company s business could
have a material adverse effect on the Company, its business or operations, or the industry as a whole. 

The Company may be classified as an inadvertent investment company. 

The Company is not engaged in the business of investing, reinvesting
or trading in securities and does not hold itself out as being engaged in those activities. Under the Investment Company Act, however,
a company may be deemed an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(C) if the value of its investment securities is more than 40 of its
total assets (exclusive of government securities and cash items) on a consolidated basis. 

The Company will be engaging in digital asset mining, the outputs of
which are cryptocurrencies, which may be deemed a security. In the event that the digital assets held by the Company exceed 40 of its
total assets, exclusive of cash, the Company may inadvertently become an investment company. An inadvertent investment company can avoid
being classified as an investment company if it can rely on one of the exclusions under the Investment Company Act. One such exclusion,
namely Rule 3a-2 under the Investment Company Act, allows an inadvertent investment company a grace period of one year from the earlier
of (i) the date on which an issuer owns securities and/or cash having a value exceeding 50 of the issuer s total assets on either
a consolidated or unconsolidated basis and (ii) the date on which an issuer owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a
value exceeding 40 of the value of such issuer s total assets (exclusive of government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated
basis. The Company is putting in place policies that it expects will work to keep the digital assets held by the Company at less than
40 of its total assets, liquidating its digital assets or seeking a no-action letter from the SEC if the Company is unable to maintain
sufficient total assets or liquidate sufficient digital assets in a timely manner. 

As Rule 3a-2 is available to a company no more than once every three
years, and assuming no other exclusions are available to the Company, the Company would have to keep within the 40 limit for at least
three years after it ceases being an inadvertent investment company. This may limit the Company s ability to make certain investments
or enter into joint ventures that could otherwise have a positive impact on the Company s earnings. In any event, the Company does
not intend to become an investment company engaged in the business of investing and trading securities. 

Classification as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act requires registration with the SEC. If an investment company fails to register, it would have to stop doing almost all business, and
its contracts would become voidable. Registration is time consuming and restrictive and would require a restructuring of the Company s
operations, and the Company would be very constrained in the kind of business it could do as a registered investment company. Furthermore,
the Company would become subject to substantial regulation concerning management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons and
portfolio composition, and would need to file reports under the Investment Company Act regime. The cost of such compliance would result
in the Company incurring substantial additional expenses, and the failure to register if required may adversely affect the Company s
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

It may be illegal now, or in the future, to acquire, own, hold,
sell or use digital assets in one or more countries, and ownership of, holding or trading in the Company s securities may also be
considered illegal and subject to sanction. 

Although digital assets are not currently regulated or are lightly
regulated in most countries, including the United States, one or more countries, such as China and Russia, may take regulatory actions
in the future that severely restricts the right to acquire, own, hold, sell or use digital assets or to exchange digital assets for fiat
currency. Such an action may also result in the restriction of ownership, holding or trading in the Company s securities and may
adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

21 

If regulatory changes or interpretations of the Company s
activities require its registration as a money services business under the regulations promulgated by FinCEN under the authority of the
U.S. Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended, the Company may be required to register and comply with such regulations. 

To the extent that the activities of the Company cause it to be deemed
a money service business under the regulations promulgated by FinCEN under the authority of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended,
the Company may be required to comply with FinCEN regulations, including those that would mandate the Company to implement anti-money
laundering programs, make certain reports to FinCEN and maintain certain records. 

To the extent that the activities of the Company cause it to be deemed
a money transmitter or equivalent designation under state law of any state in which the Company operates, the Company may
be required to seek a license or otherwise register with a state regulator and comply with state regulations that may include the implementation
of anti-money laundering programs, maintenance of certain records and other operational requirements. Currently, the New York State Department
of Financial Services has finalized its BitLicense framework for businesses that conduct virtual currency business
activity, the Conference of State Bank Supervisors has proposed a model form of state level virtual currency regulation
and additional state regulators, including those from the States of California, Idaho, Virginia, Kansas, Texas, South Dakota and Washington,
have made public statements indicating that virtual currency businesses may be required to seek licenses as money transmitters. In July
2016, the State of North Carolina updated the law to define virtual currency and the activities that trigger licensure in
a business-friendly approach that encourages companies to use virtual currency and blockchain technology. Specifically, the North Carolina
law does not require miners or software providers to obtain a license for multi-signature software, smart contract platforms, smart property,
colored coins and non-hosted, non-custodial wallets. Starting on January 1, 2016, the State of New Hampshire requires anyone who exchanges
a digital currency for another currency must become a licensed and bonded money transmitter. In numerous other states, including the States
of Connecticut and New Jersey, legislation is being proposed or has been introduced regarding the treatment of bitcoin and other digital
assets. The Company will continue to monitor for developments in such legislation, guidance or regulations. 

Such additional federal or state regulatory obligations may cause the
Company to incur extraordinary expenses, possibly affecting an investment in the shares of the Company s common stock in a material
and adverse manner. Furthermore, the Company and its service providers may not be capable of complying with certain federal or state regulatory
obligations applicable to money services business and money transmitters. If the Company is deemed to be subject to and is determined
not to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, the Company may act to dissolve and liquidate the Company. 

Blockchain technology may expose the Company to specially designated
nationals or blocked persons or cause it to violate provisions of law. 

The Company is subject to the rules enforced by The Office of Financial
Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury OFAC ), including regarding sanctions and requirements not to conduct
business with persons named on its specially designated nationals list. However, because of the pseudonymous nature of blockchain transactions,
the Company may inadvertently and without its knowledge engage in transactions with persons named on OFAC s specially designated
nationals list, which may expose the Company to regulatory sanctions and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

The Company may be required to register and comply with bitcoin
regulations and, to the extent that the Company decides to continue operations, the required registrations and regulatory compliance steps
may result in extraordinary expenses to the Company. 

Current and future legislation, and other regulatory developments,
including interpretations released by a regulatory authority, may impact the manner in which bitcoins are treated for classification and
clearing purposes. In particular, bitcoin derivatives are not excluded from the definition of commodity future by the CFTC.
The Company cannot be certain as to how future regulatory developments will impact the treatment of bitcoins under the law. 

Bitcoins have been deemed to fall within the definition of a commodity,
and the Company may be required to register and comply with additional regulation under the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended,
including additional periodic report and disclosure standards and requirements. Moreover, the Company may be required to register as a
commodity pool operator and to register us as a commodity pool with the CFTC through the National Futures Association. Such additional
registrations may result in extraordinary expenses, thereby materially and adversely affecting the Company s business, financial
condition and results of operations. If the Company determines it will not comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements,
it may seek to cease certain of its operations. Any such action may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition
and results of operations. As of the date of this Annual Report, the Company is not aware of any rules that have been proposed to regulate
bitcoins as securities. However, the Company cannot be certain as to how future regulatory developments will impact the treatment of bitcoins
under the law. 

22 

If federal or state legislatures or agencies initiate or release
tax determinations that change the classification of bitcoins as property for tax purposes (in the context of when such bitcoins are held
as an investment), such determination could have a negative tax consequence on the Company or its shareholders. 

Current guidance from the Internal Revenue Service indicates that digital
assets such as bitcoin should be treated and taxed as property and that transactions involving the payment of bitcoin for goods and services
should be treated as barter transactions. While this treatment creates a potential tax reporting requirement for any circumstance where
the ownership of a bitcoin passes from one person to another, usually by means of bitcoin transactions (including off-blockchain transactions),
it would also apply capital gains treatment to those transactions which may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Under certain recently proposed legislation, substantial tax
compliance burdens may be imposed on the Company relating to the tax reporting of bitcoin and bitcoin-related transactions. 

Legislation recently passed in the Senate would impose substantial
tax compliance obligations on the Company relating to the reporting of bitcoin and bitcoin-related transactions. Under this legislation,
it is possible that the Company would be treated as a digital assets broker and required to deliver certain tax forms in connection with
the validation of blockchain transactions. Were this legislation to be passed in the House and enacted unchanged, the Company could face
tax reporting and compliance mandates that it may not have the information or resources to fully comply with. Although the current legislation
may not be enacted in its current form, future legislation may impose similar tax compliance responsibilities on the Company, which may
be expensive and burdensome to comply with, and which could, as a result, adversely impact the Company s operations. The Company
will continue to monitor for developments in such legislation, guidance or regulations. 

The Company s bitcoin holdings could subject it to regulatory
scrutiny. 

As digital assets, including bitcoin, have grown in popularity and
market size, there has been increasing focus on the extent to which digital assets can be used to launder the proceeds of illegal activities
or fund criminal or terrorist activities or entities subject to sanctions regimes. While the Company intends to institute risk-based procedures
reasonably designed to promote compliance with applicable anti-money laundering and sanctions laws and regulations and takes care to only
acquire bitcoin through entities subject to anti money laundering regulation and related compliance rules in the United States, if it
is found to have purchased any bitcoin from bad actors that have used bitcoin to launder money or persons subject to sanctions, the Company
is and may continue to be subject to regulatory proceedings and further transactions or dealings in bitcoin may be restricted or prohibited. 

Due to the unregulated nature and lack of transparency surrounding
the operations of many bitcoin trading venues, they may experience fraud, security failures or operational problems, which may adversely
affect the value of the Company s future bitcoin holdings. 

Bitcoin trading venues are relatively new and, in some cases, unregulated.
Furthermore, there are many bitcoin trading venues which do not provide the public with significant information regarding their ownership
structure, management teams, corporate practices and regulatory compliance. As a result, the marketplace may lose confidence in bitcoin
trading venues, including prominent exchanges that handle a significant volume of bitcoin trading. 

Negative perception, a lack of stability in the broader bitcoin markets
and the closure or temporary shutdown of bitcoin trading venues due to fraud, business failure, hackers or malware or government- mandated
regulation may reduce confidence in bitcoin and result in greater volatility in the prices of bitcoin. 

To the extent investors view the Company s common stock as linked
to the value of the Company s future bitcoin holdings, these potential consequences of a bitcoin trading venue s failure could
have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Company s common stock. 

23 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Our stock price has been and may continue to be volatile, and
you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The market price of our common stock is subject
to wide fluctuations in response to various risk factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating
performance, including: 

addition or loss of significant customers, suppliers, or distributors 

changes in laws or regulations applicable to our industry 

additions or departures of key personnel 

the failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock after an offering 

actual or anticipated changes in expectations regarding our performance by investors or securities analysts 

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market 

volatility in the market price and trading volume of companies in our industry or companies that investors consider comparable 

share price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares 

our ability to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights 

sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders 

the expiration of contractual lock-up agreements 

litigation involving us, our industry, or both 

major catastrophic events and 

general economic and market conditions and trends. 

Further, the stock markets have experienced extreme
price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These
fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In addition, the stock prices
of many cannabis-related companies have experienced wide fluctuations that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of those
companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, and market conditions such as recessions,
interest rate changes, or international currency fluctuations, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. If the market
price of our common stock fluctuates or declines, you may not realize any return on your investment and may lose some or all of your investment. 

Our operating results are subject to fluctuations and our stock
price may decline significantly. 

Our quarterly revenue and operating results are
difficult to predict from quarter to quarter. We derive revenue from our hemp processing business which is dependent upon volumes produced
by farmers and is seasonal. Prices for products derived from hemp have declined significantly over the past few years resulting in many
farmers exiting the industry. We derive relatively stable revenue from our property leased industrial warehouse. Nonetheless, it is possible
that our net operating results in some quarters will fall below our expectations. Our quarterly operating results will be affected by
a number of factors, including: 

Timing, availability and changes in government incentive programs; 

Unplanned additional expenses and/or shortfalls in anticipated rental income at our warehouse property; 

Logistical costs; 

The timing of new technology announcements or introductions by our competitors and other developments in the competitive environment; 

Increases or decreases in real estate appreciation rates due to changes in economic growth; 

Travel costs and other factors; and 

State and federal government regulations 

24 

If revenue for a particular quarter is lower than
we expect, we may not be unable to proportionately reduce our operating expenses for that quarter, which would harm our operating results
for that quarter. If we fail to meet investor expectations or our own future guidance, even by a small amount, our stock price could decline,
perhaps substantially. 

There are restrictions on the transferability of certain of our
securities. 

Until registered for resale, investors must bear
the economic risk of an investment in the Shares for an indefinite period of time. Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act Rule
144 ), which provides for an exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act under certain conditions, requires,
among other conditions, a six-month holding period prior to the resale (in limited amounts) of securities acquired in a non-public offering
without having to satisfy the registration requirements under the Securities Act. There can be no assurance that we will fulfill any reporting
requirements in the future under the Exchange Act or disseminate to the public any current financial or other information concerning us. 

If the Company uses its stock in acquisitions of other entities,
there may be substantial dilution at the time of a transaction. 

The offering price of the common stock we sold
as a private placement of restricted shares of our common stock to raise working capital, was arbitrarily set. The price did not bear
any relationship to our assets, book value, earnings or net worth and it is not an indication of actual value. You may also suffer additional
dilution in the future from the sale of additional shares of common stock or other securities or if the Company s shares are issued
to purchase other assets or to raise additional working capital. 

Trading on the OTC Markets can be volatile and sporadic, which
could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their shares. 

Our common shares are quoted on OTCQB. There is
no cost of such quotation and related services from OTC Markets, Inc. Trading in stock quoted on the OTCQB Markets is often thin and characterized
by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This
volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, the OTC Markets
is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities on the OTCQB Markets is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on
a quotation system like Nasdaq or a stock exchange like the New York Stock Exchange. Accordingly, our stockholders may have difficulty
reselling any of their shares. A number of brokerage houses will not trade our securities for customers because we are in the hemp business
and/or because we trade on the OTC. 

The Company currently plans to move to a more advantageous trading
market via a potential uplisting, to a national exchange, and a formal application has been made. However, there is no assurance that
we will be able to successfully move trading markets or uplist to a national exchange. 

Because we do not expect to pay any dividends for the foreseeable
future, investors may be forced to sell their stock to realize a return on their investment. 

We do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends
to holders of our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any payment of cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors
and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, contractual restrictions including
compliance with covenants under our debt agreements, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. Our ability to pay
dividends might be restricted by the terms of any indebtedness that we incur in the future. In addition, certain of our current outstanding
debt agreements prohibit us from paying cash dividends on our common stock. Consequently, you should not rely on dividends to receive
a return on your investment. 

25 

Our common stock is presently subject to the Penny Stock 
rules of the SEC. 

We are subject now to the Penny Stock 
rules since our shares of common stock sell below 5.00 per share. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than
 5.00. The penny stock rules require broker-dealers to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC which provides
information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer
with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson, and monthly account
statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer
and salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to completing the transaction and must
be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require
that prior to a transaction, the broker dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment
for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. The penny stock rules are burdensome and may
reduce the trading activity for shares of our common stock. As long as our shares of common stock are subject to the penny stock rules,
the holders of such shares of common stock may find it more difficult to sell their securities. 

If we fail to remain current on our reporting requirements, we
could be removed from the OTCQB which would limit the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities in the secondary market. 

Companies trading on the OTCQB must be reporting
issuers under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and must be current in their reports under Section 13, in
order to maintain price quotation privileges on the OTCQB. As a result, the market liquidity for our securities could be severely adversely
affected by limiting the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in
the secondary market. In addition, we may be unable to get relisted on the OTCQB, which may have an adverse material effect on the Company. 

If we decide to implement a reverse stock split, a reverse stock
split may decrease the liquidity of the shares of our common stock. 

The liquidity of the shares of our common stock
may be affected adversely by a reverse stock split given the reduced number of shares that will be outstanding following a reverse stock
split, especially if the market price of our common stock does not increase as a result of the reverse stock split. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

We provide post-harvest and midstream services
to growers by drying, processing, cleaning, stripping harvested hemp directly from the field and wetbaled at our leased 48,000 square
foot facility located in Hopkinsville, Kentucky. We maintain significant equipment at this location including four belt dryers, augers
and elevators, polishers, debearders, screening machines, dust collection systems, hammer mill, air compressors and bagging equipment. 

Our industrial warehouse is located at 4430 Garfield
Street, Denver, Colorado in an industrial neighborhood zoned for cannabis cultivation. Properties located in the 80216 zip code have recently
had some of the highest appreciation rates in the Denver region due to significant infrastructure expenditures by local governmental agencies.
Numerous warehouses utilized for cannabis cultivation are located in this industrial district of Denver. 

We also lease office space located in Fort Worth,
Texas for managerial offices. 

The Company owns certain real property including
land, hydroelectric dam, generators, transformers, internet towers, etc. in Costa Rica through an 80 owned subsidiary. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

As a normal incident of the businesses in which
the Company is engaged, various claims, charges and litigation may be asserted or commenced from time to time against the Company. With
respect to claims and litigation currently asserted or commenced against the Company, it is the opinion of management that final judgments,
if any, which might be rendered against the Company are adequately reserved for, are covered by insurance, or are not likely to have a
material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. Nevertheless, given the uncertainties of
litigation, it is possible that certain types of claims, charges and litigation could have a material adverse impact on the Company; see
Item 1A, Risk Factors. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional
information relating to legal matters. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

26 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related
Shareholder Matters. 

Our common stock is quoted on OTCQB under the
symbol GENH. In the future, should we meet stringent qualifications and pay the required fee, we plan to have our shares
quoted on Capital Markets tier of NASDAQ, however here is no assurance that our shares will continue to be quoted on any market. 

Shareholders 

As of the date of this report, there were 76 direct
holders of our common shares as shown on the list maintained by our transfer agent. We may have a substantial number of additional shareholders
who hold their shares in street name. 

Dividends 

We have not declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock. To date we have utilized all available cash to finance our operations. Payment of cash dividends in the future will
be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our earnings levels, capital requirements, any restrictive loan covenants
and other factors the Board considers relevant. 

Warrants 

At December 31, 2022, there were 3,058,333 warrants
outstanding for the purchase of Company common stock. Refer to Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual
report for additional information relating to outstanding warrants. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

The 2021 Omnibus Incentive
Plan 2021 Plan was adopted by our Board on July 1, 2021. The 2021 Plan provides for the initial reservation of 15 million
shares of common stock for issuance, and provides that the maximum number of shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs
is 15 million. The number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2021 Plan constituted approximately 13.1 of the
Company s fully diluted common shares outstanding as of the date of Board approval, including shares issuable upon the conversion
of preferred shares, as calculated on an as-converted basis. On the one-year anniversary date of the 2021 Plan, the number of shares of
common stock reserved for issuance thereunder shall automatically increase to 20 of the fully diluted common shares outstanding, including
shares issuable upon the conversion of preferred shares, as calculated on an as-converted basis. 

At December 31, 2022, there were 15,765,000 options
outstanding for the purchase of Company common stock. Refer to Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual
report for additional information relating to outstanding options. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Since January 1, 2022, we have sold securities
in private transactions without registering the securities under the Securities Act as shown below: 

Issuance for Extensions of Secured Note The Company issued 110,000 common shares as consideration for extensions of the maturity of a senior note in 2022. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We made no purchases of our equity securities. 

Our Transfer Agent 

We have retained Securities Transfer Corporation STC ), Plano, Texas, as transfer agent for our Common shares. Shareholders are responsible to contact STC to update their address.
This may be done by contacting: 

Securities Transfer Corporation 

2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380 

Plano, Texas 75093 

Phone: 
 (469) 633-0101 

Fax: 
 (469) 633-0088 

www.stctransfer.com 

STC is responsible for all record-keeping and
administrative functions in connection with our common shares. 

27 

Item 6. Reserved 

Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion is intended to assist
you in understanding our results of operations and our present financial condition and contains forward-looking statements that reflect
our future plans, estimates, beliefs and expected performance. The forward-looking statements are dependent upon events, risks and uncertainties
that may be outside our control. We caution you that our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking
statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences are discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report, particularly in
the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, all of which are difficult to predict.
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed may not occur. We do not undertake any obligation
to publicly update any forward-looking statements except as otherwise required by applicable law. 

There is limited historical financial information
about our Company upon which to base an evaluation of our future performance. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful
in our hemp businesses. We are subject to risks inherent in a small company, including limited capital resources, delays and cost
overruns due to price and cost increases. There is no assurance that future financing will be available to our company on acceptable terms.
Additional equity financing could result in dilution to existing shareholders. 

Overview 

We are a holding company
active within the hemp space. Beginning in 2023, we started activities in the sustainable asset space including the bitcoin
industry. We were incorporated on August 21, 2021 in the State of Delaware. The Company was originally incorporated on July 28, 2008 in
the State of Colorado. On November 27, 2019, HTF purchased approximately 94 of the common stock of EHR in a series of transactions accounted
for as a reverse merger. 

On January 11, 2021, we completed the acquisition
of certain assets of Halcyon Thruput, LLC Halcyon ). With this acquisition, we commenced providing post-harvest and midstream
services to growers by drying, processing, cleaning and stripping harvested hemp directly from the field and wetbaled at our 48,000 square
foot leased facility located in Hopkinsville, Kentucky. Additionally, the Company offers safe storage services for processed hemp, which
enables farmers to maximize strategic market timing. In September 2021, the Company launched its small animal bedding consumer goods product
line Rowdy Rooster made from the hemp hurd byproduct that is produced from its hemp processing operations. In September
of 2022, the Company launched its industrial absorbent consumer goods product line Gas Monkey Spill-Jack ), also made from the
hemp hurd byproduct produced from its hemp processing operations. This second product line is marketed under a branding agreement with
Gas Monkey Garage, a well-known brand in the automotive and entertainment sector. 

We also generate revenue from rental of our Cannabis
Zoned (Hemp) warehouse property located in Denver, Colorado currently leased to an unaffiliated hemp seed company. 

Liquidity The Company is dependent
upon obtaining additional funding to continue ongoing operations and to pursue its strategy and execute its acquisition plans. 

In the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company used 633 thousand of cash for its operating activities. At December 31, 2022, the Company s current liabilities,
including financing obligations due within one year, totaled 5.9 million as compared with its current assets of 917 thousand. 

The Company will continue to pursue additional
capital raising opportunities in order to fund future acquisitions and meet its obligations as they become due. In the event financing
cannot be obtained, the Company may not be able to satisfy these plans and obligations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

28 

Subsequent Events 

In January
2023, the Company announced a new strategic direction into sustainable energy projects, starting with bitcoin mining. The Company s
name was changed to Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises, Inc. EGSE in March 2023. The Company s existing hemp operations
will continue to be maintained as a fully operating wholly-owned subsidiary. 

On January 9, 2023, the Company purchased 80 
of Toro Energ a Sociedad Anonima Toro ), a Costa Rican corporation with ownership of a hydroelectric dam located
in Costa Rica. The source of approximately one megawatt of power produced from the hydroelectric dam (six generators) will be used to
power new Bitcoin mining machines at an extremely low cost. The transaction was completed based on a total enterprise value for Toro of
 2.75 million, including seller-financed debt of 985 thousand. The seller-financed debt has a term of 10 years and a 9.5 per annum variable
interest rate (based on the prime rate) with straight line amortization. 

The purchase price for 80 of Toro s equity
was 1,412,000. These amounts were paid in cash from proceeds of a Secured Promissory Note Secured Note with Gary
C. Evans, CEO of the Company Evans ). Under the terms of the Secured Note, (a) the Company and Evans restructured (i) the
Subordinated Promissory Note, dated November 20, 2020 and (ii) Convertible Promissory Note, dated July 20, 2021, such that all accrued
and unpaid interest on each note were rolled into a new Secured Note, (b) Evans lent the Company 500 thousand on January 9, 2023 and
 969 thousand on January 10, 2023. The Secured Note has a maturity date of July 15, 2023 and bears interest at the rate of 10.00 per
annum. The Secured Note has a conversion feature which permits Evans to convert at the Maturity Date then outstanding principal and interest
at a conversion price of 0.275 (the closing price of the Company s stock on January 9, 2023). 

The Toro Dam is located approximately 25 miles
from San Jose between two volcano craters. The site generates all its energy from green resources with a proven 98 run time over the
many years it has been in operation and has a full-time staff in place under a new Operating Maintenance Agreement. 

Hydroelectric power is a clean and renewable energy
source that is used to generate electricity by harnessing the energy of falling water and can provide a reliable and a very cost-effective
source of energy for bitcoin mining operations. Hydroelectric power can help reduce the carbon footprint of cryptocurrency mining, as
many cryptocurrencies are produced using fossil fuels, which continues to contribute to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change. By
using hydroelectric power, bitcoin mining can be made more environmentally friendly and sustainable and can help improve the stability
and reliability of cryptocurrency networks. Hydroelectric power is a relatively stable and reliable source of energy, compared to other
sources such as coal or fossil fuels, which can be prone to price fluctuations and supply disruptions. The Company has committed to acquire
and made financial payments for the purchase of 240 new Bitmain S19J Pro+ ASIC miners that will be deployed at the Toro Dam sometime in
the first quarter of 2023. 

How the Company Generates Revenue 

We provide post-harvest and midstream services
to growers by drying, processing, cleaning and stripping harvested hemp directly from the field and wetbaled at our leased 48,000 square
foot facility located in Hopkinsville, Kentucky. Additionally, the Company offers safe storage services for processed hemp, which enables
farmers to maximize strategic market timing. In August 2021, the Company launched its animal bedding consumer goods product line made
from the hemp hurd byproduct that is produced from its hemp processing operations. 

We also generate revenue from rental of our Cannabis
Zoned (Hemp) warehouse property located in Denver, Colorado currently leased to a hemp seed company. 

We currently intend to generate revenue from Bitcoin
mining. 

Our Costs and Expenses of Conducting Business 

The principal costs and expenses involved in conducting
our business are labor, materials and overhead costs for processing services, real estate holding costs (interest, taxes, depreciation
and maintenance costs) and general and administrative expenses for our management, contract labor, professional fees and other costs of
being a public company. We also incur costs in seeking acquisitions and financings of our business. 

Discontinued Oil Gas Activities 

As of December 31, 2022, EHR held an approximate
8 working interest in an oil gas property located in Cochran County, Texas within the Slaughter-Levelland Field of the San Andres
formation in the Northwest Shelf of West Texas. EHR s oil gas activities are currently held for sale and are presented in
these consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations for each of the periods presented. 

29 

Results of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The net loss attributable to Evergreen Sustainable
Enterprises for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 7.0 million as compared with a net loss attributable to Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises
of 9.8 million for 2021. The net loss attributable to Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises for 2022 includes 4.8 million of stock-based
compensation expense, 407 thousand for a non-cash impairment charge and 1.0 million for depreciation and amortization largely due to
the Halcyon acquisition. Excluding these non-cash items, the Company s cash loss was 852 thousand in 2022 as compared with a cash
loss of 3.9 million for 2021. We processed larger volumes of hemp in 2022 as compared with 2021 resulting in greater gross profits from
these operations. We also received 501 thousand for settlements from two lawsuits during 2022. 

The Company reports its oil gas activities
as discontinued operations. Loss from discontinued operations was 60 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared with a
loss of 32 thousand in 2021. 

Revenue . Total revenue for 2022 was 2.6
million as compared with 674 thousand for 2021. 

Our hemp processing operations are typically limited
during the first half of each year until harvest. In 2022, we commenced hemp processing in June and remained fully operational through
late-December 2022. We processed 6.1 million pounds of hemp biomass for total revenues of 2.5 million. In 2021, we commenced hemp processing
operations in the third quarter. We had revenues of 592 thousand for the processing of approximately 2.1 million pounds of hemp biomass. 

In 2022, we sold about 30 of our on-hand inventory
of processed hemp biomass for 100 thousand. We took this inventory in-kind from a customer in late-2021. We are holding the remaining
inventory for sale at a later date. 

Rental revenue was 90 thousand in 2022 as compared
with 82 thousand in 2021. The Company s Denver warehouse is presently leased through August 1, 2023 for 7.5 thousand per month
plus certain other expenses. 

Cost of Revenue . Cost of revenue was 1.0
million for 2022 as compared with 653 thousand for 2021 and consisted of direct labor, supplies and overhead for the Company s
post-harvest and midstream services operations. Our gross margin on post-harvest processing and midstream services was 59 in 2022 as
compared with -10 for 2021. The negative margin on this business in 2021 was caused by holding costs and limited staffing needed until
the annual harvest and processing commenced in August 2021. In 2022, we took steps to reduce operating costs by idling our facilities
until processing commenced in June 2022. 

Depreciation and Amortization . Depreciation
and amortization expense totaled 1.0 million in 2022 as compared with 1.3 million for 2021. Intangible assets consist of customer relationships
and non-compete agreements acquired in the acquisition of certain assets of Halcyon. Amortization of these intangibles was 586 thousand
in 2022 and 818 thousand in 2021. Future amortization expense in each of the next five years are expected to be 419 thousand for 2023,
 278 thousand for 2024, 194 thousand for 2025, 130 thousand for 2026 and 86 thousand for 2027. 

General and Administrative Expense . General
and administrative expenses totaled 7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared with 7.8 million in 2021. The reduction
was principally a result of lower cash compensation expense in 2022. In 2021, bonus compensation totaling 610 thousand was paid to our
CEO for successful completion of the Halcyon acquisition. Non-cash stock-based compensation expense was 4.8 million in 2022 as compared
with 4.5 million in 2021. 

Other Income/Expense . Interest expense
was 501 thousand in 2022 and 708 thousand in 2021. Amortization of debt discounts was 327 thousand higher in 2021 than in 2022. These
debt discounts were incurred from the initial issuance of debt with stock or warrants. 

Other income for 2022 includes 501 thousand received
for settlements from two lawsuits during 2022. In 2021, other income of 25 thousand was recognized for forgiveness of the Company s
PPP Loan principal and interest thereon. 

Loss from Discontinued Operations . In 2022,
we recognized a loss from discontinued operations of 60 thousand as compared with a loss of 32 thousand in 2021. The major classes of
line items constituting the loss on discontinued operations is presented in Item 8 of Part II, Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data Note 12 Discontinued Operations. Until we fully dispose of our remaining oil gas
property interests, we expect lower future revenues and costs as production activities have declined substantially. We do not anticipate
making future investment of growth capital into these properties. In 2019, the Company s oil and gas properties became impaired
and the carrying amount of the properties was expensed due to the market decline and the Company s determination to exit the oil
and gas business. 

30 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our primary source of cash from continuing operations
includes post-harvest and midstream services and rental revenue. Our primary uses of cash include our operating costs, general and administrative
expenses and merger and acquisition expenses. 

Cash flow information from continuing operations
for 2022 was as follows: 

Cash used in operating activities was 633 thousand million principally due to the net loss adjusted for non-cash items. 

No cash was used for investing activities in 2022. 

Net cash from financing activities totaled 887 thousand. This amount included 1.3 million of cash inflows from the proceeds from notes payable. We used 407 thousand of cash for repayment of outstanding indebtedness. 

We used 3 thousand of cash for discontinued operations
in 2022. 

Funding Requirements 

We expect to continue to incur significant expenses
and operating losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our overall expenses may increase significantly as we grow our hemp
business. 

We anticipate that we will require additional
capital to fund operations, including hiring additional employees, completing acquisitions and funding capital expenditures during the
next twelve-month period. 

Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties
associated with the development and commercialization of our business, we are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays
and operating expenses. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

our success in identifying and making acquisitions of profitable operations; 

our ability to negotiate operating contracts with growers and others within the hemp industry on favorable terms, if at all; 

deriving revenue from our assets and operations; and 

the cost of such operations and costs of being a public company. 

Until such time as we can generate substantial
revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings and debt financings. We do not have any committed
external source of funds. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the
ownership interest of our shareholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences
that adversely affect the rights of common shareholders. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting
or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends.
If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or
terminate our growth plans and future commercialization efforts. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance
sheet arrangements. 

31 

Indebtedness 

The Company s indebtedness at December 31,
2022 is presented in Item I, Financial Statements Note 5 Notes Payable Related Parties and
in Item I, Financial Statements Note 6 Other Indebtedness. 

Subsequently, the
Company received advances under new and existing note arrangements. Refer to Item I, Financial Statements Note 15 
Subsequent Events. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the amounts of revenue and
expenses reported for the period then ended. 

Impairment of Long-lived Assets. We
review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset
may not be recoverable. These events and circumstances include, but are not limited to, a current expectation that a long-lived asset
will be disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life, a significant adverse change in the extent
or manner in which we use a long-lived asset or a change in its physical condition. 

When such events or changes in circumstances occur,
a recoverability test is performed comparing projected undiscounted cash flows from the use and eventual disposition of an asset or asset
group to its carrying amount. If the projected undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount, an impairment is recorded for
the excess of the carrying amount over the estimated fair value. 

We make various assumptions, including assumptions
regarding future cash flows in our assessments of long-lived assets for impairment. The assumptions about future cash flows and growth
rates are based on the current and long-term business plans related to the long-lived assets. 

Stock-based Compensation We account
for employee stock-based compensation using the fair value method. Compensation cost for equity incentive awards is based on the fair
value of the equity instrument generally on the date of grant and is recognized over the requisite service period. Forfeitures are recognized
as they occur. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements. See Item 8
of Part II, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Recent
Accounting Pronouncements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

32 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises, Inc. (formerly Generation Hemp,
Inc.) 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Evergreen
Sustainable Enterprises, Inc. (formerly Generation Hemp, Inc.) (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a significant working capital
deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements,
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit
matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Valuation and accounting for share-based instruments 

As described in Note 9, for the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued 2,558,333 warrants to investors with exercise prices of 0.500 to 0.600 per share, vesting over a period of two years. The warrants
issued were attached to units of common stock sold to various investors including a related party, which are only redeemable by the warrants
holders. 

As described in Note 10, the Company issued 13,850,000 options during
the year ended December 31, 2021 with a grant date fair value of 10,525,284. Additionally, the Company issued 1,915,000 options during
the year ended December 31, 2022 with a grant date fair value of 576,251. Share-based compensation expense of 4,385,118 and 4,758,257
was recognized in 2021 and 2022, respectively, related to these options based on the vesting terms. 

How we Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

Our audit procedures included, amongst others: 

We tested the agreements to determine whether management appropriately evaluated such agreements on issuance date. 

We tested the information that served as the basis for valuation of the shares issued to determine whether stock compensation should be recorded. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation method and assumptions used by management to calculate the values on issuance date by developing an independent estimate of the volatility by utilizing third party historical data of closing prices. 

Valuation and accounting for acquisition of Halcyon assets 

As described in Note 3, for the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
completed the acquisition of certain assets of Halcyon for a total purchase consideration of 6,100,000 consisting of 6,250,000 shares
of Company common stock valued at 2.5 million, 1.75 million in cash, a promissory note for 850,000 and the assumption of approximately
 1,000,000 of new indebtedness of Halcyon. 

How we Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

Our audit procedures included, amongst others: 

We
tested the asset purchase agreements to determine whether appropriately evaluated such agreements on the acquisition date. 

We
tested the information that served as the basis for valuation for the asset acquired whether any valuation adjustments should be recorded. 

We
evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation method and assumptions used by management to calculate the values on the acquisition date
by developing an independent estimate of the fair values by utilizing the multi-period excess earnings method for intangible assets and
published cost databases for tangible assets. 

/s/ 

 Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019 . 

May 18, 2023 

F- 3 

Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises, Inc. 

 (formerly Generation Hemp, Inc.) 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 
 
 -

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Equity (Deficit) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Payables to related parties 

Operating lease liability - related party 

Notes payable related parties 

Other indebtedness - current 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations held for sale 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liability - related party, net of current portion 

Long-term liabilities of discontinued operations held for sale 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Series B redeemable preferred stock, no par value, stated value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Equity (Deficit): 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, none outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises equity (deficit) 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total equity (deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Equity (Deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises, Inc. 

 (formerly Generation Hemp, Inc.) 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Post-harvest and midstream services 

Rental 

Total revenue 

Costs and Expenses: 

Cost of revenue (exclusive of items shown separately below) 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment expense 
 
 -

General and administrative 

Total costs and expenses 

Operating loss 

Other expense (income): 

Other income 

Change in fair value of marketable security 
 -

Interest expense 

Total other expense (income) 

Loss from continuing operations 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Net loss 

Less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net loss attributable to Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises 

Earnings (loss) per common share: 

Loss from continuing operations 

Basic 

Diluted 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Basic 
 -
 
 -

Diluted 
 -
 
 -

Earnings (loss) per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises, Inc. 

 (formerly Generation Hemp, Inc.) 

 Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity (Deficit) 

Series
 B 
 Redeemable 
 Preferred Stock 
 Series
 A Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2021 

Acquisition of Certain Assets of Halcyon Thruput, LLC 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuances of common stock units 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Warrant exercises 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common shares for Convertible Promissory Note 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common shares for Senior Secured Promissory Note 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common shares issued to vendor for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common shares for extension of secured note 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Change in common stock par value due to change in corporate domicile 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Conversion of Series A preferred stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series B preferred stock redemptions 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series B preferred stock dividend 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common shares for extension of secured note 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Modification of warrants for extension of promissory note to investor 

Series B preferred stock dividend 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises, Inc. 

 (formerly Generation Hemp, Inc.) 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss from continuing operations to net cash from
 operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment expense 
 
 -

Amortization of debt discount 

Stock-based compensation 

Common shares issued to vendor for services 
 -

Modification of warrants for extension of promissory note to investor 
 
 -

Other income - PPP Loan forgiveness 
 -

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 
 -

Change in fair value of marketable securities 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash from operating activities continuing operations 

Net cash from operating activities discontinued operations 
 
 -

Net cash from operating activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

Capital expenditures 
 -

Acquisition of certain assets of Halcyon Thruput, LLC, net of acquired cash of 
 -

Proceeds from sale of investment in common stock 
 -

Net cash from investing activities continuing operations 
 -

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Issuance of common stock units 
 -

Redemptions of Series B preferred stock 

Series B preferred stock dividends paid 

Proceeds from warrant exercises 
 -

Repayment of Halcyon bank note 
 -

Proceeds from notes payable - related parties 
 
 -

Repayments of notes payable - related parties 
 
 -

Proceeds from subordinated notes 
 -

Repayment of subordinated notes 

Payment of mortgage payable 

Net cash from financing activities continuing operations 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises, Inc. 

 (formerly Generation Hemp, Inc.) 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the common stock of Energy Hunter Resources, Inc. EHR in a series
of transactions accounted for as a reverse merger. Upon closing, HTF changed its name to Generation Hemp, Inc. In March 2023, the Company
changed its name to Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises, Inc. 

square foot leased facility located in Hopkinsville, Kentucky. The Company also offers safe storage services
for processed hemp, which enables farmers to maximize strategic market timing. We market two retail products, Gas Monkey Spill-Jack ,
an all-natural, plant-based, sustainable, and biodegradable loose absorbent, and Rowdy Rooster , an animal bedding consumer goods
product, each made from the hemp hurd byproduct that is produced from our hemp processing operations. 

thousand of cash for its operating activities. At December 31, 2022, the Company s current liabilities,
including financing obligations due within , totaled million as compared with its current assets of thousand. 

F- 8 

of EHR. 

F- 9 

likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement
are reflected in the period in which a change in judgment occurs. The Company had no material uncertain tax positions as of December 31,
2022 or 2021. Income tax returns we file may be routinely examined by tax authorities. The statute of limitations is currently open for
tax returns filed after 2018. 

F- 10 

of our post-harvest and midstream services revenue. Amounts due from this customer represented
all of our accounts receivable at December 31, 2022. During 2021, one customer accounted for approximately of our post-harvest
and midstream services revenue. No amounts were due from this customer at December 31, 2021. 

Warehouse 

Leasehold Improvements 

Machinery and equipment 
 - 

Vehicles 

Computer equipment and software 

Office furniture and equipment 
 - 

Subtotal 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total property and equipment, net 

F- 11 

Non-competition agreements 

Total 

thousand for 2023, thousand for 2024, thousand
for 2025, thousand for 2026 and thousand for 2027. 

at December 31, 2021 for This agreement was not renewed upon its expiration. Impairment expense totaling thousand was recognized in the
third quarter of 2022 as a result. 

Convertible Promissory Note to CEO 

Secured Promissory Note to Coventry Asset Management, LTD. 

Subordinated Promissory Note to Investor 

Promissory Note to Investment Hunter, LLC 
 
 -

Total notes payable related parties 

thousand initially due
 . This note was amended to a new maturity date of . The note bore interest at per annum. Accrued
interest on this subordinated promissory note totaled thousand at December 31, 2022. In January 2023, the amounts due under this note
were restructured and rolled into a new Secured Promissory Note from our CEO (see Note 15). 

thousand to the Company under a convertible promissory note. Additional advances made in
2022 totaled thousand. The note bore interest at . The principal and interest due on the convertible note were convertible, at the
option of the holder, into restricted shares of the Company s common stock at an initial conversion price of per share but
that was lowered in July 2022 to per share. Accrued interest on this convertible promissory note totaled thousand at December
31, 2022. In January 2023, the amounts due under this note were restructured and rolled into a new Secured Promissory Note from our CEO
(see Note 15). 

F- 12 

million to Coventry Asset Management, LTD, a Company stockholder. The promissory
note is secured by the property acquired in the acquisition of certain assets of Halcyon. The unpaid balance of the secured promissory
note bears interest at a rate of per annum. The promissory
note has been extended seven times including the issuance of restricted common shares as extension fees each for the first five
extensions and the issuance of restricted common shares for the last two extensions. The maturity date of the promissory note is , as amended. If before December 31, 2023, the Company raises new equity capital of million or more, then the full amount
outstanding under the promissory note is due within five days. As amended, principal payments of thousand each are due June 1, 2023 and August 31, 2023. Accrued interest
on this secured note totaled thousand at December 31, 2022. 

thousand to an accredited investor who is a lso a Company stockholder. The Company previously made principal payment
totaling thousand. The unpaid balance of the Subordinated Note bears interest at a rate of per annum. The 
On March 1, 2023, the Company paid thousand in full repayment of this note and accrued interest thereon. 

thousand shares of common stock exercisable for cash at an exercise price of per share. As consideration
for the April 2022 extension, the term of this warrant was extended by to . The Company recognized thousand
of interest expense in 2022 for the modification related to this extension of the warrant term. 

thousand to
the Company under a promissory note due , as amended. If the Company raises new equity capital of million or more, then
the full amount outstanding under the note is due within five days. The note bears interest at per annum. Accrued interest on this
subordinated promissory note totaled thousand at December 31, 2022. 

A final payment of thousand plus accrued
interest is due at maturity. The interest rate on the mortgage payable is . If before the final maturity of the mortgage payable, the
Company raises new equity capital of million or more, then the full amount outstanding is due within ten days. 

thousand. The lease requires a true-up with the tenant for property taxes and insurance paid by the Company and
requires the tenant to maintain the interior and exterior of the warehouse (except for the roof). The lease provides for a rent abatement
in the first and last month of the contracted extension. Minimum future rents for 2023 are thousand. 

thousand. The Company received notice that the PPP Loan principal and interest thereon was fully
forgiven on April 20, 2021. 

F- 13 

thousand and
is month-to-month. Lease expense for this facility totaled thousand for 2022 and thousand for 2021. 

thousand. Oz Capital, LLC is responsible for all taxes and maintenance under the lease. Lease
expense for this facility totaled thousand for 2022 and thousand for 2021. A right-of-use asset and lease liability is recorded
for this lease. As the lease does not provide an implicit rate, the Company used its estimated incremental borrowing rate of in determining
the present value of the lease payments. 

thousand per megawatt of power usage
monthly up to thousand per megawatt monthly depending on the average power usage over a trailing 90-day period and the price of bitcoin.
We anticipate commencing operations at the leased premises in 2023. 

thousand and will not refund to the Company the purchase price after repeated attempts to return their equipment. An original
lawsuit filed by the Company against Colorado Mill Equipment in January 2022 in Dallas County was subsequently dismissed due to jurisdiction.
A second lawsuit was subsequently filed in El Paso County, Colorado and is currently pending. 

million hemp processing dryer (Dryer) at its facility in Hopkinsville, Kentucky.
During the Policy period, the Dryer caught fire due to the Dryer being defectively designed. 

million was denied as described below. 

Mediation
of the case was held in April 2022 where no agreement was reached by the parties. Depositions of the Company s expert witnesses
were completed in July 2022 and of UNIC s representatives in September 2022. 

thousand as a partial settlement of this claim, which amount was reported as other income in the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 14 

thousand from the defendant, which amount was reported as other income in the consolidated financial statements. 

thousand. The judgment provides
for post-judgment interest at a rate of per annum until paid and further provides for additional amounts owed should EHR pursue unsuccessful
appeals to higher courts. At December 31, 2022, the Company had accrued thousand for this judgment, which is exclusively an EHR obligation. 

. 

State income taxes, net 

Change in valuation allowance 

Change in state tax rates 
 -

True-up of prior year deferred items 
 -

Other, net 

Total income tax expense 
 -
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 

Property and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Subtotal 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 -
 
 -

F- 15 

million at December 31, 2022, of which approximately
 million begin to expire in 2034 and the remainder have no expiration. The Company estimates that a majority of its NOL
carryforwards are subject to annual limitations under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 as a result of ownership changes at various times
including in the Transaction. These NOL carryforwards may never be utilized by the Company. 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock, with each share of Series
A Preferred Stock converting into shares of restricted common stock pursuant to the applicable Certificate of Designations. 

thousand each resulted in aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million, before deducting estimated offering
expenses payable by the Company. Substantially all of the proceeds raised in the offering were used to fund the acquisition of assets
of Halcyon, expenses related thereto and for general corporate purposes. 

shares of common stock, subject to adjustment. Holders of Series B Preferred Stock
are entitled to receive dividends of per annum based on the stated value equal to thousand per share. Except as otherwise required
by law, the Series B Preferred Stock does not have voting rights. However, as long as any shares of Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding,
the Company will not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred
Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series B Preferred Stock, (b) alter or amend the related
certificate of designation, (c) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects
any rights of the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, (d) repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire more than
a de minimis number of shares of its common stock, (e) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing, or (f) pay cash
dividends or distributions on any equity securities of the Company other than pursuant to the terms of the outstanding Series B Preferred
Stock. The Series B Preferred Stock does not have a preference upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company. 

shares of common stock, as adjusted for any stock dividends,
splits, combinations or similar events. 

, and (2) there shall be an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended covering all of the shares of common stock which would be issuable upon conversion of all
of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock or (B) the Company closes a firm commitment underwriting of the common stock on
a Form S-1 Registration Statement with aggregate gross proceeds of at least million at a price per share equal to or greater than .
In each instance, a conversion may not be made unless the Company has filed an amendment to its Articles of Incorporation effecting an
increase in its authorized common stock so that the Company has a sufficient number of authorized and unissued shares of common stock
so as to permit the conversion of all outstanding shares. 

F- 16 

each of the total amount of Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding plus accrued dividends were due from the Company to each
Holder of Series B Preferred Stock at the end of each calendar quarter of 2021. The first required redemption payments totaling thousand
were made in April 2021. In May, June and October of 2021, the three holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, including the Company s
chief executive officer, entered into transactions in which they accepted the mandatory redemption payment required pursuant to the Series
B Preferred Stock certificate of designation in a number of Series B Units to effectively waive the redemption requirement. All other
terms of the Series B Units remain unchanged and the holders ownership interest in the Series B Preferred Units remains the same
as it was before such transactions. 

common shares outstanding. Following is a discussion of common stock issuances during
the periods presented: 

F- 17 

Issued in Q1 2021 with common stock units (1) 

Issued in Q4 2021 with common stock units (1) 

Total warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022 

per warrant at the Company s option with 30 days advanced notice should the weighted average market price of common stock exceed for any five out of seven consecutive trading days with a minimum average daily trading volume for such seven-day period of at least shares of common stock. 

Issued 

Cancelled 

Exercised 

Warrants as of December 31, 2021 

Canceled 

Warrants as of December 31, 2022 

million
shares of common stock for issuance, and provides that the maximum number of shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs
is million. On the one-year anniversary date of the 2021 Plan, the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance automatically
increased to of the fully diluted common shares outstanding, including shares issuable upon the conversion of preferred shares, as
calculated on an as-converted basis. 

restricted shares valued at thousand as incentive compensation to two executives who joined the
Company. Compensation expense related to these awards totaled thousand for 2021. These awards became fully vested in January 2022. 

shares of the Company s common stock as incentive compensation to management
and the Board of Directors. One-third of the awarded options vested immediately with the remaining options vesting in two equal annual
tranches over the next two years. Vested options may be exercised at any time until their expiration after years at an exercise price
of per share. Unvested options are forfeited upon termination of service. The fair value of the awards at the date of grant of 
million was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Key assumptions included a risk-free interest rate ranging from 
to , historical volatility ranging from to and an expected life of the stock options ranging from to . 

shares of the Company s common stock as incentive compensation to its CEO and
board of directors. The awarded options vest over the next . Vested options may be exercised at any time until their expiration
ranging from to at their exercise prices ranging from to per share. Unvested options are forfeited upon termination
of service. The fair value of the awards at the date of grant of thousand was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.
Key assumptions included a risk-free interest rate ranging from to , historical volatility ranging from to and an
expected life of the stock options ranging from to . 

million
of compensation expense in 2022 and million in 2021 for option awards. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to options to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of 17 months. 

F- 18 

-

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

-

Granted 

-

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

-

. 

Accumulated DD A 

Total assets of discontinued operations held for sale 
 -
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Accrued liabilities 

Asset retirement obligations 

Revenue payable 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations held for sale 

Asset retirement obligations - 

Long-term liabilities of discontinued operations held for sale 

Total liabilities of discontinued operations held for sale 

Costs and Expenses: 

Lease operating expense 

Accretion of asset retirement obligations 

Total costs and expenses 

Loss from discontinued operations 

F- 19 

Cash paid for taxes 
 -
 
 -

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Acquisition of certain assets of Halcyon Thruput, LLC 

- issuance of common shares 
 -

- issuance of subordinated note 
 -

- assumption of Halcyon bank note 
 -

Series B preferred stock dividend payable 

Issuance of common stock units previously subscribed 
 -

Issuances of common shares for exchange or conversion of debt 
 -

Conversion of Series A preferred stock into common stock 
 - 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Less: preferred stock dividends 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Denominator 

Weighted average shares used to compute basic EPS 

Dilutive effect of convertible note 

Dilutive effect of preferred stock 

Dilutive effect of common stock options 

Dilutive effect of common stock warrants 

Weighted average shares used to compute diluted EPS 

Earnings (loss) per share: 

Loss from continuing operations 

Basic 

Diluted 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Basic 
 -
 
 -

Diluted 
 -
 
 -

Earnings (loss) per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

shares of common stock each to our three directors as board fees
for the year. The exercise price of the options is and they have a ten year term. One-third of the options vested immediately. The
remaining options vest in equal tranches over the next two years. 

F- 20 

of Toro Energ a Sociedad Anonima Toro ), a Costa Rican corporation with ownership of a hydroelectric dam in Costa
Rica. The source of approximately one megawatt of power produced from the hydroelectric dam (six generators) will be used to power new
Bitcoin mining machines at an extremely low cost. The transaction included seller-financed debt of thousand. The seller-financed
debt has a term of years and a per annum variable interest rate (based on the prime rate) with straight line amortization. The
seller-financed debt is secured by pledge of the Toro Dam. 

of Toro s equity
was million. These amounts were paid in cash from proceeds of a Secured Promissory Note Secured Note with the
Gary C. Evans, CEO of the Company Evans ). Under the terms of the Secured Note, (a) the Company and Evans restructured (i)
the Subordinated Promissory Note dated November 20, 2020 and (ii) Convertible Promissory Note dated July 20, 2021, such that all accrued
and unpaid interest on each note were rolled into a new Secured Note, (b) Evans lent the Company thousand on January 9, 2023 and
 thousand on January 10, 2023. The Secured Note has a maturity date of July 15, 2023 and bears interest at the rate of per
annum. The Secured Note has a conversion feature which permits Evans to convert at the Maturity Date then outstanding principal and interest
at a conversion price of (the closing price of the Company s stock on January 9, 2023). 

thousand in full repayment of
this note and accrued interest thereon. 

thousand monthly beginning in March 2023. The lease expiration date
of May 31, 2024 was not changed. 

thousand. Each unit consists of one share of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and warrants
to acquire one share of common stock. Cumulative dividends at of the stated value of the Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred
Stock are payable each calendar quarter end in cash or additional shares of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, at the Company s
option. 

thousand shares of our common stock at
any time. It is subject to automatic conversion if (a) the rolling five (5)-trading day volume-weighted average trading price of shares
of our common stock exceeds and (b) there shall be an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933. The conversion
ratio may be adjusted for certain dilutive issuances or in the event a dividend is paid on our common stock. The Series C Redeemable Convertible
Preferred Stock is redeemable at any time at the Company s option. 

per share and expire in . The warrants may be redeemed at the Company s option if
after one year from issuance, the trading price of the Company s common stock exceeds over a ten consecutive day trading
period having a minimum trading volume of thousand shares daily. 

thousand to the Company. 

thousand under a secured promissory note
from one of our directors and our CEO. Proceeds from the note are expected to be utilized in the acquisition of land in Arkansas to expand
bitcoin mining operations. 

per annum and is due quarterly beginning
on July 15, 2023. The holders have the option to convert the outstanding principal and interest into restricted shares at a conversion
price of per share of common stock. 

of the ownership interest of
Razorback I, LLC and has been guaranteed by the Company as well. 

F- 21 

Supplemental Oil and Gas Information 

(Unaudited) 

Oil and Gas Reserve Information. Proved
oil and gas reserves are those quantities of crude oil, natural gas, condensate, and NGLs, which by analysis of geoscience and engineering
data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under
existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations. Estimated proved developed oil and gas reserves can be expected
to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods. The Company reports all estimated proved reserves
held under production-sharing arrangements utilizing the economic interest method. 

Proved oil and gas reserves
have been estimated by independent, third-party petroleum engineers, Mire Associates, Inc. These reserve estimates have been prepared
in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and accounting standards based on the 12-month unweighted first-day-of-the-month
average price for the year. 

There are numerous uncertainti es
inherent in estimating quantities of proved reserves and projecting future rates of production and timing of development expenditures.
The reserve data in the following tables only represent estimates and should not be construed as being exact. 

The following reserves
schedule sets forth the changes in estimated quantities of proved crude oil reserves : 

Crude Oil (Bbls) 
 Natural Gas (mcf) 
 Total (Boe) 
 
 Total proved reserves: 

Balance at December 31, 2020 
 19,560 
 13,850 
 21,868 
 
 Revisions of previous estimates 
 (10,895 
 (13,247 
 (13,102 
 
 Production 
 (1,675 
 (603 
 (1,776 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 6,990 
 - 
 6,990 
 
 Revisions of previous estimates 
 178 
 47 
 225 
 
 Production 
 (1,508 
 (47 
 (1,555 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 5,660 
 - 
 5,660 

Proved developed reserves as of: 

December 31, 2020 
 2,660 
 - 
 2,660 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 6,990 
 - 
 6,990 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 5,660 
 - 
 5,660 

Proved undeveloped reserves as of: 

December 31, 2020 
 16,900 
 13,850 
 19,208 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 

F- 22 

The decrease in proved
quantities for 2021 was due principally to revisions of previous reserve estimates after undeveloped reserves were determined to be non-economic.
The decrease in proved quantities for 2022 was due principally to annual production. 

Costs Incurred
in Oil and Natural Gas Property Acquisitions and Development Activities. Costs incurred by the Company in oil and natural gas acquisitions
and development are presented below: 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Acquisitions: 

Proved 
 - 
 - 
 
 Unproved 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exploration 
 - 
 - 
 
 Development 
 - 
 - 
 
 Costs incurred 
 - 
 - 

Capitalized Costs. The following table
sets forth the capitalized costs and associated accumulated depreciation, depletion, and amortization relating to the Company s
oil and gas acquisition, exploration, and development activities: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Proved properties 
 621,198 
 621,198 
 
 Unproved properties 
 1,253,651 
 1,253,651 

1,874,849 
 1,874,849 
 
 Accumulated DD A and impairment 
 (1,874,849 
 (1,874,849 
 
 Total 
 - 
 - 

Future Net Cash Flows. Future cash inflows
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were calculated using an unweighted arithmetic average of oil and gas prices in effect on the first day
of each month in the respective year, except where prices are defined by contractual arrangements. Operating costs, production and ad
valorem taxes and future development costs are based on current costs with no escalation. Future development costs include abandonment
and dismantlement costs. 

The following table sets
forth unaudited information concerning future net cash flows for proved oil and gas reserves, net of income tax expense. Income tax expense
has been computed using expected future tax rates and giving effect to tax deductions and credits available, under current laws, and which
relate to oil and gas producing activities. This information does not purport to present the fair market value of the Company s
oil and gas assets, but does present a standardized disclosure concerning possible future net cash flows that would result under the assumptions
used. 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Future cash inflows 
 522,560 
 454,030 
 
 Future production costs 
 (296,270 
 (278,870 
 
 Future development costs 
 (34,280 
 (34,280 
 
 Future income tax expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 Future net cash flows 
 192,010 
 140,880 
 
 10 annual discount for estimated timing of cash flows 
 (88,800 
 (72,250 
 
 Discounted future net cash flows 
 103,210 
 68,630 

The following table sets
forth the principal sources of change in the discounted future net cash flows: 

December 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Balance, beginning of period 
 68,630 
 63,760 
 
 Sales, net of production costs 
 15,524 
 17,880 
 
 Net change in prices and production costs 
 9,984 
 245,615 
 
 Changes in future development costs 
 - 
 (226,800 
 
 Revision of quantities 
 2,209 
 (38,201 
 
 Accretion of discount 
 6,863 
 6,376 
 
 Balance, end of period 
 103,210 
 68,630 

F- 23 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
 The Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures
pursuant to Exchange Act Rules. This evaluation was done as of the end of the fiscal year by and under the supervision of the Company s
principal executive officer (who is also the principal financial officer). Based upon that evaluation, the principal executive officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. There have been no significant changes
 in our internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect the internal controls
subsequent to the date we completed the evaluation. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the 1934 Act. Management has assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

As a result
of this assessment, management identified a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting
for business combination transactions. Management has concluded that this deficiency constitutes a material weakness. As a result of
the material weakness discussed above, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was
ineffective as of December 31, 2022. Notwithstanding the material weakness, the Company s management has concluded that the consolidated
financial statements, included in the 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with generally accepted accounting standards. 

Management
Plans to Remediate Material Weakness. The Company has begun the process of designing and implementing effective internal control
measures to improve its internal controls over financial reporting and remediate the reported material weakness. The Company s
efforts include implementing additional reviews of business combination transactions and modifying the Company s instructions to
valuation specialists and reviews of their workproduct. We will consider the material weakness remediated after the applicable controls
operate for a sufficient period of time, and management has concluded, through testing, that the controls are operating effectively. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. We regularly review our system of internal control over financial reporting and make
changes to our processes and systems to improve controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal
control environment. Changes may include such activities as implementing new, more efficient systems, consolidating activities
and migrating processes. 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on Controls. Our disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their
objectives as specified above. Management does not expect, however, that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control
over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is
based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances
of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent
Inspections 

None. 

33 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The following persons are our executive officers
and directors and hold the offices set forth opposite their names. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Gary C. Evans 
 
 65 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Melissa Pagen 
 
 47 
 
 Senior Vice President, Corporate Development of the Company 
 
 Jack Sibley 
 
 38 
 
 Vice President, Operations of the Company, and Co-CEO of GENH Halcyon 
 
 Watt Stephens 
 
 38 
 
 Vice President, Corporate Development of the Company and Secretary of GENH Halcyon 
 
 Joe McClaugherty 
 
 71 
 
 Lead Director 
 
 Gary D. Elliston 
 
 69 
 
 Director 
 
 John Harris 
 
 74 
 
 Director 

The following is a brief account of the business
experience of each of our directors and executive officers: 

Gary C. Evans, Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer. Gary C. Evans is a serial entrepreneur. Mr. Evans previously led Magnum Hunter Resources Corporation
for seven years, a NYSE listed public energy company specializing in unconventional resource plays predominately in the Appalachian Basin.
Mr. Evans was also founder and CEO of Eureka Hunter Holdings, LLC, a mid-stream gas gathering company transporting and managing up to
1 BCF of daily natural gas volumes from wells producing in West Virginia and Ohio on approximately 200 miles of newly constructed pipeline
during the similar seven-year period. Additionally, Mr. Evans previously founded and served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of Magnum Hunter Resources Inc. (MHRI), a NYSE listed company, for twenty years before selling MHRI to Cimarex Energy for approximately
 2.2 billion in June 2005. Later that year, Mr. Evans formed Wind Hunter Energy, LLC, a renewable energy company which was subsequently
acquired in December 2006 by GreenHunter Energy, Inc., an emerging water resource company focusing on oil field water management and clean
water technologies active in the Marcellus and Utica resource plays in Appalachia. As founder, Mr. Evans has served as Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of GreenHunter Energy, Inc. since December 2006 until May 2016 upon the sale of its assets to a private equity fund. 

Throughout his career, Mr. Evans has raised various
forms of capital on Wall Street that has exceeded 6 Billion. Mr. Evans serves as a Director of Novavax Inc., a NASDAQ listed clinical-stage
vaccine biotechnology company (Covid-19 Vaccine) with a market capitalization of approximately 20 Billion, where he has previously served
as Chairman, CEO and Lead Director. Mr. Evans was recognized by Ernst and Young as the Southwest Area 2004 Entrepreneur of the Year for
the Energy Sector and was subsequently inducted into the World Hall of Fame for Ernst Young Entrepreneurs. Mr. Evans was also recognized
as the Energy Industry Leader of the year in 2013 and chosen by Finance Monthly in 2013 as one of the most respected CEO s. Mr.
Evans was chosen as the Best CEO in the Large Company category by Texas Top Producers in 2013. He additionally won the Deal
Maker of the Year Award in 2013 by Finance Monthly. Mr. Evans presently serves on the board of directors of U.S. Antimony, a NYSE listed
company. Mr. Evans serves on the Board of the Maguire Energy Institute at Southern Methodist University and speaks regularly at both hemp
and energy industry conferences and on national television networks around the world on the current affairs of the energy industry. 

Melissa Pagen, Senior Vice-President, Corporate
Development of the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Melissa Pagen built over twenty years of professional and executive experience
in managerial and officer positions in several industries - both in the private and public sectors. With a demonstrated history in consumer
goods, business development, investor relations, and industrial technologies, Melissa brings a unique combination of talents to the company.
She developed and launched start-up companies in ecommerce, nutraceuticals, and the energy sector. In June 2019, Melissa was brought on
by Gary C. Evans to help launch the Company, although her working tenure with Mr. Evans first began in 2013. In October 2019, she was
brought on full-time as an officer of the Company. 

34 

From 2016 - 2019 in Los Angeles, Melissa helped
develop, launch, and reorganize companies in ecommerce, nutraceuticals, and medical practices through her advising company Root LLC/Root
Endeavor LLC. This included working with founders and teams on branding, marketing, product development, packaging, operations, staff
reorganization, and optimizing efficiencies. In mid 2013 through 2015, Melissa began working under Gary C. Evans at Green Hunter Resources,
Inc., a publicly traded company, where she started as Water Treatment Specialist/Account Executive, then moved into the position of Assistant
Vice President, Investor Relations, and ultimately Vice President, Business Development, where she negotiated and secured multi-million-dollar
contracts with large E P companies for water treatment and handling, then oversaw those relationships. During her time in the energy
sector, Melissa did several public speaking engagements for industry organizations, which helped earn her the honor of a WING Award (Women
In Natural Gas) by Shale Media Group in 2014. Before beginning work with Mr. Evans, Melissa founded her own environmental remediation
business in the Bakken Shale of North Dakota from 2012 - 2013. From 2010 - 2012, Melissa worked as Vice President, Marketing and Sales
for Sionix Corporation, a publicly traded company in water treatment technology. Following the Tsunami in 2011, Melissa traveled to Japan
to participate in discussions to address urgent water treatment issues and potential solutions in the wake of the Fukushima disaster.
In 2001, Melissa began her career in the film industry, in development for Radar Pictures, Inc. (f/k/a Interscope Communications [Pictures]).
She then worked with a female television Producer from 2004 - 2009. Working alongside creative executives and teams in the Film industry,
she developed skills in writing, project management, and visual storytelling that would ultimately contribute to a number of future roles
in helping companies develop branding, messaging, marketing, and investor relations. Melissa earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from University
of California, Los Angeles where she graduated summa cum laude. 

Jack Sibley, Vice President, Corporate Development
of the Company, and Co-CEO of GENH Halcyon. Prior to joining the Company, Jack Sibley was a founding partner of OZ Capital, LLC, an
Opportunity Zone Investment fund focused on operating businesses within Opportunity Zone designations. In his roll at OZ Capital, Jack
oversaw the operations of its portfolio investments, including Halcyon Thruput, an industrial hemp processing company located in Hopkinsville,
Kentucky. As an executive, Jack has worked alongside management teams to implement creative, innovative solutions to complex business
issues, identify growth verticals and maximize stakeholder value. Prior to OZ Capital, Jack served as Vice President at Sovrano
LLC, a Private Equity company focused in Food Beverage. Jack also co-founded and served as President of Bamboo Juices, LLC in Atlanta,
GA from 2014 - 2016. He received an MBA from The University of Georgia s Terry College of Business in 2014 with concentrations
in Finance and Marketing. Jack graduated with a BA in International Affairs from The University of Georgia in 2007. 

Watt Stephens, Secretary of GENH Halcyon. Watt
began his career as a credit analyst with Frost Bank in 2007, in this role he underwrote countless credit requests in various industries
including commercial industrial, energy and real estate. He then moved into a leadership position being tapped to run business development
for a newly formed group focused on complex credit relationships. After almost 10 years at Frost Bank, Watt went back to school to earn
his MBA and focus on his goal of launching his own business. In 2018, Watt teamed up with Jack Sibley to form OZ Capital LLC, an opportunity
zone focused venture capital fund based in Fort Worth. OZ Capital founded and funded Halcyon Thruput in 2019. Watt and Jack stepped in
as Co-CEO s mid-way through 2020 and subsequently sold the business to the Company at the beginning of 2021. Watt earned his BS
 07 from SMU and MBA 17 from SMU s Cox School of Business. 

Joe L. McClaugherty , Director .
Mr. McClaugherty previously served as a director of Magnum Hunter Resources Corporation from 2006 through 2016 where he served as Lead
Director during the last three years of his tenure. Mr. McClaugherty is a senior partner of McClaugherty Silver, P.C., a full-service
firm engaged in the practice of civil law, located in Santa Fe, New Mexico. He has practiced law for 40 years and has had a Martindale-Hubbell
rating of AV Preeminent for over 20 years and is a Fellow of the International Academy of Trial Lawyers. Prior to founding McClaugherty 
Silver, P.C. in 1992, he was the Managing Partner of the Santa Fe office of Kemp, Smith, Duncan Hammond, and, earlier, of Rodey,
Dickason, Sloan, Akin Robb. Mr. McClaugherty has served on numerous boards of both international and domestic companies. He received
a BBA with Honors from the University of Texas in 1973 and a JD with Honors from the University of Texas School of Law in 1976. He is
admitted to the Bars of the State of New Mexico, Texas and Colorado, as well as the Federal Bars of the Districts of New Mexico and Colorado,
the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals and the United States Supreme Court. The Company believes that it benefits from Mr. McClaugherty s
business and law degrees from the University of Texas at Austin, his approximately 40 years of legal experience in a broad-based civil
practice and his extensive business experience on boards of both international and domestic companies. 

35 

Gary D. Elliston, Director. Mr.
Elliston is the senior founding partner of DeHay Elliston, L.L.P. where he specializes in the areas of toxic tort, commercial litigation,
and professional and product liability litigation. He graduated cum laude from Howard Payne University in 1975, and as
a Hatton W. Sumners Foundation Scholar, cum laude , from Southern Methodist University Law School in 1978. In 2007, he received
an Honorary Doctorate of Humanities from Howard Payne University. He has served as a member of numerous professional, community and charitable
organizations He is licensed to practice law in five states and actively tries cases around the US. He has been recognized multiple years
as a Texas Super Lawyer and Best Lawyers in America. 

John Harris, Director . Mr. Harris
is currently a private investor in a cannabis growing operation based in southern California. Mr. Harris previously served as a member
of the senior leadership team at EDS for approximately 25 years. He is also the former President and CEO of eTelecare Global Solutions;
a 300M private equity backed business process outsourcing BPO company. Prior to eTelecare, Mr. Harris was President and
CEO of Seven World Wide, a 400 million private equity backed Marketing Services BPO Company with operations in North America and the
United Kingdom. Mr. Harris is a graduate of the University of West Georgia where he earned both a BBA and MBA. He currently serves on
the Board of Advisors to the Richardson School of Business at the University of West Georgia. Mr. Harris has held board positions with
a number of public and private telecommunications and technology services companies, and currently sits on the board of The Hackett Group.
Mr. Harris s experience as a senior executive and board member at a variety of global companies coupled with his recent experience
as an investor in the cannabis space makes him an important asset as we grow and expand the Company s business. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

In March 2016, during Mr. Evans tenure
as interim CEO of GreenHunter Resources, Inc. that company and certain of its subsidiaries (namely, GreenHunter Water, LLC; Hunter Disposal,
LLC; Ritchie Hunter Water Disposal, LLC; Hunter Hauling, LLC; White Top Oilfield Construction, LLC; Blackwater Services, LLC; Virco Realty,
LLC; Little Muskingum Drilling, LLC; Blue Water Energy Solutions, LLC; GreenHunter Wheeling Barge, LLC; GreenHunter Environmental Solutions,
LLC; and MAG Tank Hunter, LLC) filed for bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. GreenHunter Resources, Inc. sought
protection in large part because of the cyclical downturn in the commodity prices of both oil and natural gas which had a direct effect
on all oil field service companies. GreenHunter Resources, Inc. s assets were subsequently sold to a private equity group, which
allowed predominately all secured indebtedness to be fully repaid. 

In December 2015, during Mr. Evans tenure
as CEO of Magnum Hunter Resources Corporation, that company filed for bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in
Delaware (In re Magnum Hunter Resources Corporation, et al., included the following debtors in addition to Magnum Hunter Resources Corporation,
each of which was a directly or indirectly owned subsidiary of Magnum Hunter Resources Corporation: Alpha Hunter Drilling, LLC; Bakken
Hunter Canada, Inc.; Bakken Hunter, LLC; Energy Hunter Securities, Inc.; Hunter Aviation, LLC; Hunter Real Estate, LLC; Magnum Hunter
Marketing, LLC; Magnum Hunter Production, Inc.; Magnum Hunter Resources GP, LLC; Magnum Hunter Resources, LP; Magnum Hunter Services,
LLC; NGAS Gathering, LLC; NGAS Hunter, LLC; PRC Williston LLC; Shale Hunter, LLC; Triad Holdings, LLC; Triad Hunter, LLC; Viking International
Resources Co., Inc.; and Williston Hunter ND, LLC). This filing was due in large part to the precipitous commodity cycle downturn which
saw the price of natural gas and crude oil reach lows not seen for over a decade. Magnum Hunter Resources Corporation subsequently emerged
from bankruptcy with no indebtedness in May 2016 under Mr. Evans leadership. The company has since merged with Southwestern Energy
Company (NYSE: SWN). 

Board of Directors 

Our board of directors currently consists of four
members, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. In evaluating director candidates, we will assess whether a candidate possesses
the integrity, judgment, knowledge, experience, skills and expertise that are likely to enhance the board of directors ability
to manage and direct our affairs and business, including, when applicable, to enhance the ability of the committees of the board of directors
to fulfill their duties. Our directors hold office until the earlier of their death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal
or until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. 

36 

Independent Directors 

Under NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2), a director
will not be considered an independent director if, such director at any time during the past three years was an employee
of the Company, or if a director (or a director s family member) accepted compensation from the Company (other than compensation
for board or board committee service) in excess of 120,000 during any twelve-month period within the three years preceding the determination
of independence. In addition, a director will not qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of our Board of
Directors, that person has a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. As of the Effective Date, each of Messrs. McClaugherty, Harris, and Elliston is an independent director within
the meaning of Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). In addition, there are no family relationships among any of the directors or executive
officers of the Company. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

We have an audit committee, compensation committee
and nominating and corporate governance committee of our board of directors and may have such other committees as the board of directors
shall determine from time to time. Each of the standing committees of the board of directors has the composition and responsibilities
described below. 

Audit Committee 

A minimum of two individuals serves as the members
of our audit committee. As required by the rules of the Commission and listing standards of the NASDAQ, where we currently anticipate
applying to have our Common Stock listed, the audit committee will consist solely of independent directors within one year of the listing
date. Commission rules also require that a public company disclose whether or not its audit committee has an audit committee financial
expert as a member. An audit committee financial expert is defined as a person who, based on his or her experience,
possesses the attributes outlined in such rules. John Harris satisfies the definition of audit committee financial expert . 

The audit committee oversees, reviews, acts on
and reports on various auditing and accounting matters to our Board, including: the selection of our independent registered public accounting
firm, the scope of our annual audits, fees to be paid to the independent registered public accounting firm, the performance of our independent
registered public accounting firm and our accounting practices. In addition, the audit committee oversees our compliance programs relating
to legal and regulatory requirements. We have adopted an audit committee charter defining the committee s primary duties in a manner
consistent with the rules of the Commission and the NASDAQ. 

Compensation Committee 

A minimum of three individuals serves as members
of our compensation committee. Our compensation committee reviews and recommends policies relating to compensation and benefits of our
directors and employees and is responsible for approving the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers.
We have adopted a compensation committee charter defining the committee s primary duties in a manner consistent with the rules of
the Commission and NASDAQ. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance 

A minimum of three individuals serves as members
of our nominating and corporate governance committee. Our nominating and corporate governance committee selects or recommends that the
Board select candidates for election to our Board, develops and recommends to the Board corporate governance guidelines that will be applicable
to us and oversee board of director and management evaluations. We have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter
defining the committee s primary duties in a manner consistent with the rules of the Commission and NASDAQ. 

37 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

Our Board adopted a code of business conduct and
ethics applicable to our employees, directors and officers, in accordance with applicable U.S. federal securities laws and the corporate
governance rules of the NASDAQ. Any waiver of this code may be made only by our Board and will be promptly disclosed as required by applicable
U.S. federal securities laws and the corporate governance rules of the NASDAQ. Copies of the Code of Conduct and Financial Code of Ethics
are available on our website at https://www.genhempinc.com/ under Investors. Information on our website is not incorporated
by reference into this annual report or any other filing we file with or furnish to the SEC. Shareholders may also obtain electronic or
printed copies by sending a written request to 8533 Midway Road, Dallas, Texas 75209 or by emailing gevans@genhempinc.com, 

Lead Independent Director 

If at any time, the offices of Chairman of the
Board and Chief Executive Officer are held by the same person, we intend that the independent members of the Board will elect on an annual
basis with a majority vote an independent director to serve in a lead capacity (the Lead Independent Director ). The Lead
Independent Director coordinates the activities of the other independent directors and perform such other duties and responsibilities
as the Board may determine. The Board has adopted a Lead Independent Director Charter defining the Lead Independent Director s primary
duties in a manner consistent with the rules of the Commission and NASDAQ. The Board has selected Mr. McClaugherty to serve as Lead Independent
Director. 

Corporate Governance Guidelines 

After the Effective Date, we anticipate that the
Board will adopt corporate governance guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of the NASDAQ. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Narrative Disclosures 

Employment, Severance or Change in Control
Agreements. We currently do not maintain any employment, severance or change in control agreements with our named executive officers.
In addition, our named executive officers are not entitled to any payments or other benefits in connection with a termination of employment
or a change in control. 

Retirement Benefits. We have not maintained,
and do not currently intend to maintain, a defined benefit pension plan or nonqualified deferred compensation plan. 

Compensation of Named Executive Officers 

The following table contains compensation data
for our named executive officers for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option 
 Awards 
 Total Received (1) 

Gary C. Evans 
 2021 
 401,294 
 610,000 
 
 6,079,586 
 7,090,880 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 400,000 

141,659 
 541,659 

Melissa M. Pagen 
 2021 
 117,000 

759,948 
 876,948 
 
 Managing Director, Chief Branding Officer, Corporate Secretary 
 2022 
 180,000 

180,000 

Jack Sibley (2) 
 2021 
 164,904 
 
 77,500 
 569,961 
 812,365 
 
 Vice President, Corporate Development of the Company, and Co-CEO of GENH Halcyon 
 2022 
 175,000 

175,000 

Watt Stephens (2) 
 2021 
 164,904 
 
 77,500 
 569,961 
 812,365 
 
 Managing Director, Vice President, Corporate Development of the Company and Secretary of GENH Halcyon 
 2022 
 175,000 

175,000 

(1) Amount
reflects total compensation received for calendar year. 

(2) Mr.
Sibley and Mr. Watt joined the Company on January 11, 2021. Each receive a base annual salary of 175,000. 

38 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table provides information relating
to the unexercised stock options and the unvested stock awards for the Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022: 

Stock Option Awards 
 Restricted Stock Awards 

Number of Securities Underlying 

Shares of Restricted 
 Stock 

Unexercised Options 
 Option 
 Option 
 That Have Not Vested 
 
 Name 
 Exercisable 
 Unvested 
 Exercise Price 
 Expiration Date 
 Number 
 Market Value 

Gary C. Evans 
 5,333,334 
 2,666,666 
 0.76 
 10/29/2031 

475,000 
 0.33 
 08/15/2027 

Melissa M. Pagen 
 666,667 
 333,333 
 0.76 
 10/29/2031 

Jack Sibley 
 500,000 
 250,000 
 0.76 
 10/29/2031 

Watt Stephens 
 500,000 
 250,000 
 0.76 
 10/29/2031 

Compensation of Directors 

Attracting and retaining qualified non-employee
directors is critical to the future value growth and governance of our Company. A significant portion of the total compensation package
for our non-employee directors is equity-based to align the interest of these directors with our stockholders. 

Directors who are also our employees will not
receive any additional compensation for their service on our Board. 

Directors are reimbursed for (i) travel and miscellaneous
expenses to attend meetings and activities of our Board or its committees; and (ii) travel and miscellaneous expenses related to such
director s participation in general education and orientation programs for directors. 

The following table summarizes the compensation
awarded or paid to the members of the board of directors, who were compensated for board service beginning with their election to the
board of directors in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Nature of Director Fees 

Director Name 
 Director 
 Committee 
 Option Awards (1) 
 Total 
 
 Joe McClaugherty 

36,216 
 36,216 
 
 Gary D. Elliston 

36,216 
 36,216 
 
 John Harris 

36,216 
 36,216 
 
 Gary C. Evans 

All directors as a group 

108,648 
 108,648 

(1) 
 Each of the directors were granted options for the purchase of 120,000 shares of the Company s common stock in 2022. The awarded options vested vest in three equal annual tranches over three years from issuance. Vested options may be exercised at any time until their expiration after 10 years at an exercise price of 0.30 per share. 

The table above does not include the amount of
any expense reimbursements paid to the above directors. Mr. Evans does not receive any additional compensation for serving on the Board
of Directors other than the compensation described in the Summary Executive Compensation Table, above. 

39 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth information regarding
beneficial ownership of our Common Stock, as of February 28, 2022. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with Commission
rules. The information does not necessarily indicate beneficial ownership for any other purpose. 

Except as indicated in the footnotes to the following
table, the persons named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock and preferred stock
beneficially owned. Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each of the stockholders listed below is: C/O Evergreen Sustainable
Enterprises, Inc., 8533 Midway Road, Dallas, Texas 75209. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Ownership 
 (1) 
 Percent of Voting Securities 
 (2) 

5 Stockholders: 

Satellite Overseas (Holdings) Limited (3) 
 26,263,144 
 23.2 

Corey Wiegard 
 6,254,843 
 5.5 

OZG Agriculture KY, LP 
 6,250,000 
 5.5 

Directors and Named Executive Officers: 

Gary C. Evans (4) 
 38,014,242 
 33.6 

Melissa Pagen 
 - 
 - 

Jack Sibley (5) 
 6,500,000 
 5.7 

Watt Stephens (5) 
 6,500,000 
 5.7 

Gary Elliston 
 4,090,909 
 3.6 

John Harris 
 284,090 
 0.3 

Joe McClaugherty 
 2,027,210 
 1.8 

All officers and directors as a group 
 51,166,451 
 45.2 

(1) 
 Beneficial Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership of and sole voting power and investment power to the shares of the common stock. For each Beneficial Owner listed, any options or convertible securities exercisable or convertible within 60 days have been also included for purposes of calculating their beneficial ownership of outstanding common stock. 

(2) 
 Ownership percentage based on 113,204,002 fully diluted shares of common stock outstanding as calculated on an as-converted basis. 

(3) 
 Satellite Overseas (Holdings) Limited SOHL is the record holder of these shares of Common Stock. SOHL is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cadila Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Cadila ). Cadila is owned by the IRM Trust. Rajiv I. Modi, Ph. D. and Mrs. Shilaben I. Modi are the trustees of the IRM Trust. As trustees of the IRM Trust, Dr. Modi and Mrs. Modi have shared voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares and, therefore, under rules issued by the Commission may be deemed to be beneficial owners of the shares. 

(4) 
 Includes 1,061,970 shares of common stock owned by Investment Hunter, LLC, a Texas LLC controlled by Gary C. Evans. 

(5) 
 Because of the relationship of Messrs. Sibley and Stephens to OZG Agriculture KY, LP, Messrs. Sibley and Stephens may be deemed indirect beneficial owners of the 6,250,000 shares of common stock owned by OZG Agriculture KY, LP. 

40 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Persons Transactions 

Board Role in Risk Oversight 

Our Board of Directors is responsible for the
oversight of the Company s risk management efforts. Members of management are responsible for particular areas of risk for the company
and provide presentations, information and updates on risk management efforts as requested by our Board. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our executive
officers and directors. 

Related Transactions 

2021 Issuances of Common Stock Units In
the first quarter of 2021, the Company issued 800,000 common stock units for total proceeds of 400,000. Each common stock unit consists
of one share of common stock and a warrant for the purchase of two shares of common stock for 0.50 each. Each warrant is exercisable
any time before its expiration on the second anniversary of its issuance. Mr. Evans purchased 100,000 commons stock units in this issuance. 

Subordinated Promissory Note to Gary C. Evans
 Gary C. Evans made advances of 490,000 to the Company during 2020 under a subordinated promissory note initially due
September 30, 2021. This note was amended to a new maturity date of June 30, 2022. If the Company raises new equity capital of 3 million
or more, then the full amount outstanding under the note is due within five days. The note bears interest at 10 per annum. The outstanding
amount of this this subordinated promissory note was 523,551 and accrued interest totaled 7,602 at December 31, 2021. 

Convertible Promissory Note to Gary C. Evans
 In 2021, Gary C. Evans made advances totaling 410,000 to the Company under a convertible promissory note. The convertible
note matured on January 1, 2022 but was subsequently amended to extend the maturity date to June 30, 2022. If the Company raises new equity
capital of 3 million or more, then the full amount outstanding under the note is due within five days. The note bears interest at 10 .
The principal and interest due on the convertible note may be converted, at the option of the holder, into restricted shares of the Company s
common stock at a conversion price equal to 0.50 per share. Accrued interest on this convertible promissory note totaled 19,118 at December
31, 2021. 

Advances under Promissory Note 
In the first quarter of 2022, Investment Hunter, LLC, a Texas LLC controlled by Gary C. Evans, made advances totaling 439,000 to
the Company under a promissory note due June 30, 2022. If the Company raises new equity capital of 3 million or more, then the full amount
outstanding under the note is due within five days. The note bears interest at 10 per annum. 

December 2020 Issuance of Series B Preferred
Stock Units On December 30, 2020, the Company sold to certain accredited investors, including Gary C. Evans (50 shares),
CEO and chairman, and Gary Elliston (25 shares), one of our incoming directors, an aggregate of 135 preferred stock units comprised of
(i) one share of Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, no par value, and (ii) one warrant exercisable for 50,000 shares of
common stock of the Company. On March 9, 2021, Mr. Elliston exercised cash warrants received by him in the Series B Preferred Stock Unit
issuance for 1,250,000 shares of common stock. 

Gary C. Evans Convertible Note with EHR .
In October and December of 2019, Mr. Evans advanced EHR 370,770 under a convertible note bearing interest at 10 per annum. This note,
including accrued interest, was converted into 1,061,970 shares of common stock on December 31, 2019. 

41 

EHR Series C Preferred Stock 
In the third quarter of 2019, EHR raised 850,000 of additional funding through the issuance of 34,000 shares of EHR Series C Preferred
Stock. The EHR Series C Preferred Stock converted into 2,414,773 shares of EHR s common stock upon completion of the Transaction.
These common shares were initially accounted for as non-controlling interests in EHR. In an exchange transaction effective November 27,
2019, the Company acquired these non-controlling interests representing approximately 26 of the ownership of EHR through the issuance
of 2,414,773 shares of Company common stock and 14,488,638 warrants for the purchase of Company common stock. The warrants have an exercise
price of 0.352 per share and expire on November 27, 2021. The warrants may be redeemed beginning October 1, 2020 for 0.0001 per warrant
at the Company s option with 30-days advanced notice should the volume weighted average price exceed 1.00 for any five out of seven
consecutive trading days with a minimum average daily trading volume for such seven-day period of at least 25,000 shares of common stock.
One-half of the warrants have a cashless exercise feature. 

In connection with the exchange transaction, on
November 27, 2019, John Harris obtained beneficial ownership of 71,022 shares of common stock, 213,068 cash warrants, and 213,068 cashless
warrants. On February 26, 2021, the cash warrants were exercised for the purchase of 213,068 shares of common stock. Also, at the time
of the exchange, Gary Elliston received 710,227 shares of common stock, 2,130,682 cash warrants, and 2,130,682 cashless warrants. On March
9, 2021, Mr. Elliston exercised all of his cash warrants and received 2,130,682 shares of common stock. Lastly, at the time of the exchange,
Joe McClaugherty received 71,022 shares of common stock, 213,068 cash warrants, and 213,068 cashless warrants. On November 23, 2021, Mr.
McClaugherty exercised all of his cash warrants and received 213,068 shares of common stock. 

Warrant Exercises In the fourth
quarter of 2021, the Company received 375,000 for the exercise of 1,065,340 outstanding warrants. Mr. Evans exercised warrants that he
had acquired from an unrelated stockholder. Mr. Evans received 852,272 shares of the Company s common stock for total proceeds of
 300,000. 

Option Grants 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company awarded options for 13,850,000 shares of the Company s common stock as incentive
compensation. One-third of the awarded options vested immediately with the remaining options vesting in two equal tranches over the next
two years. Vested options may be exercised at any time until their expiration after 10 years. Unvested shares are forfeited upon termination
of employment. Mr. Evans received options for 8,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock in this issuance. Messrs. McClaugherty,
Elliston and Harris each received options for 500,000 of the Company s common stock in this issuance. 

Other Related Party Transactions 

Please see Note 5 to our audited consolidated
financial statements contained in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of certain other transactions
with related parties, which descriptions are incorporated by reference herein. 

Director Independence 

See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance for information regarding our directors and independence requirements applicable for the Board of Directors
and its committees. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Our independent public accounting firm is Marcum
LLP, Houston, Texas, PCAOB Auditor ID 688. 

The following table sets forth the fees paid by
us for the audit and other services provided by our auditor, Marcum, LLC during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 : 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 239,763 
 283,050 
 
 Audit related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 

Total fees 
 239,763 
 283,050 

(1) Audit
Fees: This category represents the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by the principal independent accountant for
the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-K and services that are normally
provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the fiscal years. 

42 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

The audit committee charter of our board of directors
requires the audit committee to pre-approve all audit services and permitted non-audit services (other than de minimis non-audit services
as defined by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee
may form and delegate authority to subcommittees consisting of one or more members when appropriate, including the authority to grant
preapprovals of audit and permitted non-audit services, provided that decisions of such subcommittee to grant preapprovals shall be presented
to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting for ratification. 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 688) 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

(2) 
 Supplemental Oil and Gas Information (Unaudited) 
 F-22 

43 

(b) Exhibits: 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on April 12, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on April 12, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Rights, Preferences and Limitations of the Series A Convertible Voting Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 4, 2019 (file number 000-176154)) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Rights, Preferences and Limitations of the Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Rights, Preferences and Limitations of the Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

4.1 
 
 2020 Form of Generation Hemp Warrant (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 filed on December 15, 2020 (file number 333-176154)) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

4.4 
 
 Description of Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on April 12, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant (2023) 

10.1 
 
 Deed of Trust, dated September 15, 2014, between JDONE LLC and Thomas S. Yang. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2014 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated September 15, 2014, made by JDONE LLC in favor Thomas S. Yang. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2014 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Promissory Note and Deed of Trust, dated October 1, 2019, between JDONE LLC, Thomas S. Yang, and Gary C. Evans (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 filed on December 15, 2020 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.4 
 
 Amendment and Extension Agreement to Promissory Note and Deed of Trust, dated October 1, 2019, between JDONE LLC, Thomas S. Yang, and Gary C. Evan (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on April 12, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.5 
 
 Amendment and Extension Agreement, dated April 20, 2022, to Promissory Note and Deed of Trust between JDONE LLC, Thomas S. Yang, and Gary C. Evans (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 23, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.6 
 
 Amendment and Extension Agreement, dated July 18, 2022, to Promissory Note and Deed of Trust between JDONE LLC, Thomas S. Yang, and Gary C. Evans (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2022 filed on August 19, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.7 
 
 Secured Promissory Note Amendment and Extension Agreement, dated October 10, 2022, between JDONE LLC, Thomas S. Yang, and Gary C. Evans (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2022 filed on November 14, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.8 
 
 Biomass Tolling Agreement, dated July 11, 2021, but effective as of June 30, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

44 

10.9 
 
 Toll Processing Agreement, dated June 8, 2021, between GenH Halcyon Acquisition and Bragg Canna, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021 filed on August 13, 2021 (file number 000-55019) 

10.10 
 
 Biomass Services Agreement, dated August 11, 2021, between GenH Halcyon Acquisition and Kushco Holdings, Inc (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021 filed on August 13, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

10.11 
 
 Merchandise License Agreement dated February 17, 2022 between Gas Monkey Holdings, LLC and Generation Hemp, Inc (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on April 12, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.12 
 
 2020 Form of Common Stock and Warrant Subscription Agreement of Generation Hemp, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 filed on December 15, 2020 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.13 
 
 Subordinated Promissory Note, dated September 30, 2020, made by Generation Hemp, Inc. in favor of Gary C. Evans (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 filed on December 15, 2020 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.14 
 
 Amended and Restated Subordinated Promissory Note, dated November 11, 2021, with Gary C. Evans as holder (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2021 filed on November 15, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

10.15 
 
 Amended and Restated Subordinated Promissory Note, dated January 1, 2022, with Gary C. Evans as holder (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on April 12, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.16 
 
 Amended and Restated Subordinated Promissory Note, by Generation Hemp, Inc. with Gary C. Evans as holder, dated July 1, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2022 filed on August 19, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.18 
 
 Amended and Restated Subordinated Promissory Note, by Generation Hemp, Inc. with Gary C. Evans as holder, dated July 1, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2022 filed on August 19, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.19 
 
 First Amendment to Purchase Agreement, dated March 7, 2020, by and among, Generation Hemp, Inc., GENH Halcyon Acquisition, LLC, Oz Capital, LLC, OZC Agriculture KY LP, Halcyon Thruput, LLC, and the owners set forth therein (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

10.20 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated March 7, 2020, by and among, Generation Hemp, Inc., GENH Halcyon Acquisition, LLC, Oz Capital, LLC, OZC Agriculture KY LP, Halcyon Thruput, LLC, and the owners set forth therein (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 filed on December 15, 2020 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.21 
 
 Subscription Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

10.22 
 
 Guaranty Agreement by Generation Hemp, Inc. in favor of Coventry Asset Management (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

45 

10.23 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 11, 2021, with Coventry Asset Management, LTD (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2021 filed on November 15, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

10.24 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 7, 2022, with Coventry Asset Management, LTD (filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on April 12, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.25 

Letter
Agreement, dated May 11, 2022, with Coventry Asset Management, LTD (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 23, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.26 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 31, 2022, with Coventry Asset Management, LTD (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2022 filed on August 19, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.27 
 
 Unsecured Promissory Note, dated August 11, 2021, with Gary C. Evans as holder (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021 filed on August 13, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

10.28 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, by Generation Hemp, Inc., dated August 30, 2021, with Gary C. Evans as holder (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

10.29 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, by Generation Hemp, Inc., dated September 9, 2021, with Gary C. Evans as holder (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

10.30 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, by Generation Hemp, Inc., dated September 28, 2021, with Gary C. Evans as holder (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

10.31 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, by Generation Hemp, Inc., dated November 11, 2021, with Gary C. Evans as holder (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2021 filed on November 15, 2021 (file number 000-55019) 

10.32 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, by Generation Hemp, Inc., dated January 1, 2022, with Gary C. Evans as holder (filed as Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on April 12, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.33 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, by Generation Hemp, Inc., dated May 19, 2022, with Gary C. Evans as holder (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 23, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.34 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note by Generation Hemp, Inc. with Gary C. Evans as holder, dated July 1, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2022 filed on August 19, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.35 
 
 Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note by Generation Hemp, Inc. with Gary C. Evans as holder, dated September 30, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2022 filed on November 14, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.36 
 
 Unsecured Promissory Note, dated March 18, 2022, with Investment Hunter, LLC as holder (filed as Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on April 12, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.37 
 
 Amended and Restated Unsecured Promissory Note, dated May 19, 2022, with Investment Hunter, LLC as holder (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 23, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

46 

10.38 
 
 Revised and Extended Unsecured Promissory Note with Investment Hunter, LLC as holder, dated July 1, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2022 filed on August 19, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.39 
 
 Revised and Extended Unsecured Promissory Note, dated September 30, 2022, with Investment Hunter, LLC as holder, dated September 30, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2022 filed on November 14, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.40# 
 
 Term Employment Agreement with Jack Sibley (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

10.41# 
 
 Term Employment Agreement with Watt Stephens (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

10.42 
 
 Note Contribution Agreement, dated March 9, 2021, among Energy Hunter Resources, Inc., Satellite Overseas (Holdings) Limited, and Generation Hemp, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

10.43 
 
 2021 Form of Common Stock and Warrant Subscription Agreement of Generation Hemp, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2021 (file number 000-55019)) 

10.44# 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on April 12, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.45# 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.38 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on April 12, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.46# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.39 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on April 12, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.47# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on April 12, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.48# 
 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Grant Agreement under 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on April 12, 2022 (file number 333-176154)) 

10.49 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement for Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

10.50 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated April 27, 2023, with Coventry Asset Management, LTD 

10.51 
 
 Secured Promissory Note, dated April 19, 2023, made by Razorback I, LLC, in favor of Michael A. McManus and Gary C. Evans 

10.52 
 
 Guaranty Agreement by Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises, Inc. in favor of in favor of Michael A. McManus and Gary C. Evans 

21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Company 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2004 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Exhibit
filed herewith 

# Constitutes
a management compensatory plan or arrangement. 

47 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

EVERGREEN SUSTAINABLE ENTERPRISES, INC. 
 (FORMERLY GENERATION HEMP, INC.) 
 Registrant) 

DATE: May 18, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Gary C. Evans 

Gary C. Evans 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

48 

<EX-3.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-5_evergreen.htm
 CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF RIGHTS, PREFERENCES AND LIMITATIONS OF THE SERIES C REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

Exhibit 3.5 

CERTIFICATE
OF DESIGNATIONS 

 OF THE 

 8.50 SERIES C REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

 OF 

 GENERATION HEMP, INC 

Generation
Hemp, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, in accordance with Section
151 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, DOES HEREBY CERTIFY: 

FIRST:
The name of the corporation is Generation Hemp, Inc. (the Corporation ). 

SECOND:
The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on August 20, 2021
(the Certificate of Incorporation ). 

THIRD:
This Certificate of Designations for the Corporation s 8.50 Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series
C Preferred Stock was duly adopted by the affirmative vote of the Corporation s Board of Directors (the Board
of Directors on February, 9, 2023, and which provides for the designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating,
optional or other rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the Series C Preferred Stock:. 

RESOLVED ,
that the Corporation is hereby authorized to issue up to 100 shares of the Series C Preferred Stock, 0.00001 par value per share, which
shall have the following designations, powers, preferences and other special rights: 

1. Designation,
Amount and Par Value . The series of Preferred Stock shall be designated as the Corporation s Series C Redeemable Convertible
Preferred Stock, and the number of shares so designated shall be 100. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock shall have par value 0.00001
per share and a stated value equal to 50,000.00 (as adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination or other similar
transactions with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock, the Stated Value ). 

2. Definitions .
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Certificate of Designation, the following terms have the meanings indicated: 

Bankruptcy
Event means any of the following events: (a) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in
Rule 1.02(w) of Regulation S-X) thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment
of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Corporation or
any Significant Subsidiary thereof; (b) there is commenced against the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof any such
case or proceeding that is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement; (c) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof
is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered; (d) the
Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part
of its property that is not discharged or stayed within 60 days; (e) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof makes
a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (f) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of
its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts; or (g) the Corporation or any Significant
Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing
or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing. 

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday and any day on which banks are required or authorized by law to be closed in
the State of Texas. 

Change
of Control Event means the occurrence after the Original Issue Date (as defined below), excluding a Liquidation Event, of
any of (i) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1)
promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Corporation,
by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 35 of the voting securities of the Corporation, or (ii) the Corporation merges into or
consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with the Corporation and, after giving effect to such transaction,
the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction own less than 65 of the aggregate voting power of the Corporation
or the successor entity of such transaction, or (iii) the Corporation sells or transfers its assets, as an entirety or substantially
as an entirety, to another Person and the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction own less than 65 of
the aggregate voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after the transaction, or (iv) a replacement at one time or within
a one-year period of more than one-half of the members of the Corporation s board of directors which is not approved by a majority
of those individuals who are members of the board of directors on the date hereof (or by those individuals who are serving as members
of the board of directors on any date whose nomination to the board of directors was approved by a majority of the members of the board
of directors who are members on the date hereof), or (v) the execution by the Corporation of an agreement to which the Corporation
is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth above in (i) through (iv). 

Commission 
means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Corporation, no par value per share. 

Dividend
Rate means 8.50 per annum of the sum of (i) the Stated Value per share of Series C Preferred Stock plus (ii) all
accrued but unpaid dividends on such share of Series C Preferred Stock that remain unpaid following the Dividend Payment Date when due. 

Eligible
Market means any of (i) the New York Stock Exchange, (ii) the NYSE American, (iii) The NASDAQ Global Market, The NASDAQ Capital
Market or The NASDAQ Global Select Market (each in clause (iii), a NASDAQ Stock Market or (iv) OTC Markets Pink or OTCQB. 

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

2 

Holder 
means any holder of Series C Preferred Stock. 

Junior
Securities means (i) the Common Stock and all other outstanding equity or equity equivalent securities of the Corporation,
and (ii) all equity or equity equivalent securities issued by the Corporation after the Original Issue Date that do not rank senior
to or pari passu with the Series C Preferred Stock. 

Original
Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the Series C Preferred Stock, regardless of the number of
transfers of any particular shares of Series C Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates that may be issued to evidence
such Series C Preferred Stock. 

Person 
means any individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture or other non-corporate
business enterprise, limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, organization, business, labor union or government (or an
agency or subdivision thereof) or any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other entity of any kind. 

Series
C Preferred Stock means the Corporation s Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock authorized pursuant to the
Series C Preferred Stock Designation. 

Series
C Preferred Stock Designation means the Certificate of Designation for the Corporation s Series C Redeemable Convertible
Preferred Stock, as adopted by the by the affirmative vote of the Board of Directors on February 9, 2023. 

Trading
Day shall mean, if a security is listed or admitted to trading, or quoted, on an Eligible Market, their successors or another
national securities exchange or national securities market, a full day on which the NASDAQ Stock Market or such other national securities
exchange or national securities market on which the security is traded is open for business and on which trades may be made thereon. 

Triggering
Event means any one or more of the following events (whatever the reason, and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary
or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative
or governmental body: (i) a Change of Control Event; (ii) the Corporation shall fail to deliver certificates representing Conversion
Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder that comply with the provisions hereof prior to the 5 th Trading Day after such
shares are required to be delivered hereunder, or the Corporation shall provide written notice to any Holder, including by way of public
announcement, at any time, of its intention not to comply with requests for conversion of any shares of Series C Preferred Stock in accordance
with the terms hereof; (iii) the Corporation shall fail to have available a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of
Common Stock to issue to such Holder upon a conversion hereunder; (iv) the Corporation shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant,
agreement contained in, or otherwise commit any breach of this Certificate of Designation, and such failure or breach shall not, if subject
to the possibility of a cure by the Corporation, have been remedied within 30 calendar days after the date on which written notice of
such failure or breach shall have been given; or (v) there shall have occurred a Bankruptcy Event. 

3 

3. Voting
Rights . Holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall no voting rights; provided , however, that so long as shares of Series
C Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the prior approval of the Holders of at least a majority of the
then issued and outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class: (a) authorize or increase the authorized
number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock or any shares of capital stock of the Corporation having any right, preference or priority
ranking senior to the Series C Preferred Stock, (b) authorize, adopt or approve any amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws of the Corporation or this Certificate of Designation that would increase or decrease the par value or the Stated Value of
the shares of the Series C Preferred Stock, alter or change the powers, preferences or rights of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock
or alter or change the powers, preferences or rights of any other capital stock of the Corporation if after such alteration or change
such capital stock would be senior to or pari passu with Series C Preferred Stock, (c) amend, alter or repeal the Certificate of
Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation or this Certificate of Designation so as to affect adversely the shares of Series C Preferred
Stock, or (d) authorize or issue any security convertible into, exchangeable for or evidencing the right to purchase or otherwise
receive any shares of any class or classes of capital stock of the Corporation having any right, preference or priority ranking senior
to the Series C Preferred Stock. 

4. Dividends . 

(a)
Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8(d), Holders shall be entitled to receive, out of funds legally available therefor,
and the Corporation shall pay, cumulative dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock at the Dividend Rate per share. Dividends on the
Series C Preferred Stock shall accrue daily commencing as of the Original Issue Date at the Dividend Rate then in effect, and shall
be deemed to accrue from the Original Issue Date whether or not earned or declared and whether or not there are profits, surplus or
other funds of the Corporation legally available for the payment of dividends. Dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock shall
(i) be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, and (ii) commencing on the Original Issue Date, be payable quarterly in
arrears on each March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31, except if such date is not a Business Day,
such dividend shall be payable on the next succeeding Business Day (each, a Dividend Payment Date ). 

(b)
The Corporation may pay required dividends (i) in shares of Series C Preferred Stock or (ii) subject to the receipt of any
consent required under the Corporation s senior secured credit facility as from time to time in effect, in cash; provided,
however, the Corporation shall not pay any cash dividends on its Common Stock, or any other Junior Securities, within a 180-day
period before or after a Dividend Payment Date upon which the Corporation has paid in kind, rather than cash, dividends on the
Series C Preferred Stock. In the event that the Corporation elects to pay dividends in shares of Series C Preferred Stock, the
number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be issued to each Holder in respect of such dividend shall be determined by dividing
the total dividend then payable to such Holder by the Stated Value, and rounding up to the nearest whole share, and the Corporation
shall, on or before the fifth Business Day following the applicable Dividend Payment Date, issue and deliver to such Holder a
certificate, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to which the
Holder shall be entitled. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate of Designation, the Corporation shall not be
entitled to pay dividends by issuing Series C Preferred Stock unless the Corporation has obtained stockholder approval, if required,
for the issuance in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations of the Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is listed,
if applicable. 

4 

(c)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate of Designation, the Corporation shall not pay any dividends on, or make any
distributions with respect to, in cash or in kind or otherwise, its Common Stock or any other Junior Securities when accrued and
unpaid dividends are owed to the Holders. 

5. Registration
of Series C Preferred Stock . The Corporation shall register shares of the Series C Preferred Stock, upon records to be maintained
by the Corporation for that purpose (the Series C Preferred Stock Register ), in the name of the record Holders thereof
from time to time. The Corporation may deem and treat the registered Holder of shares of Series C Preferred Stock as the absolute owner
thereof for the purpose of any conversion or redemption thereof or any distribution to such Holder, and for all other purposes, absent
actual written notice to the contrary from the registered Holder. 

6. Registration
of Transfers . The Corporation shall register the transfer of any shares of Series C Preferred Stock in the Series C Preferred Stock
Register, upon surrender of certificates evidencing such shares to the Corporation at its address specified herein. Upon any such registration
or transfer, a new certificate evidencing the shares of Series C Preferred Stock so transferred shall be issued to the transferee and
a new certificate evidencing the remaining portion of the shares not so transferred, if any, shall be issued to the transferring Holder. 

7. Liquidation . 

(a)
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary (a
 Liquidation Event ), which shall be deemed to include (i) the acquisition of the Corporation by another
Person or affiliated group of Persons by means of any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation,
any reorganization, merger, consolidation, issuance of new securities or transfer of issued and outstanding securities) where less
than a majority of the voting power of the acquiring or surviving Person or group immediately following such acquisition is held by
Persons who were stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such acquisition, (ii) a sale or other disposition of all
or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation and (iii) a sale or other disposition of assets that results in funds
being available for distribution to stockholders that are in excess of those necessary or appropriate for the Corporation to conduct
its business operations (including repayment of its outstanding liabilities) and execute its business plan and that are sufficient
to pay the Series C Stock Liquidation Preference in full (as defined below), as determined by the Board of Directors, the Holders of
Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus
funds of the Corporation to the holders of Junior Securities by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share in cash equal
to the greater of (x) the Stated Value for each share of Series C Preferred Stock then held by them, plus all accrued and
unpaid dividends on such Series C Preferred Stock as of the date of such event, or (y) the amount payable per share of Common
Stock which such Holder of Series C Preferred Stock would have received if such Holder had converted to Common Stock immediately
prior to the Liquidation Event all of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock then held by such Holder together with all accrued but
unpaid dividends on such Series C Preferred Stock as of the date of such event (the Series C Stock Liquidation
Preference ). If, upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, the funds thus distributed among the Holders of the Series C
Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such Holders of the full Series C Stock Liquidation Preference, then
the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution (including after giving effect to the terms of
Section 20(c)(iii)) shall be distributed ratably among the Holders of the Series C Preferred Stock in proportion to the aggregate
Series C Stock Liquidation Preference that would otherwise be payable to each of such Holders. 

5 

(b)
In the event of a Liquidation Event, following completion of the distributions required by the first sentence of paragraph (a) of
this Section 7, if assets or surplus funds remain in the Corporation, the holders of the Junior Securities shall share in all
remaining assets of the Corporation, in accordance with the General Corporation Law of Colorado and the Certificate of
Incorporation. 

(c)
The Corporation shall give each Holder written notice of any Liquidation Event no less than 30 days prior to the occurrence
thereof. 

(d)
For the avoidance of doubt, in no circumstances shall (i) any event occurring on, or in connection with, the Original Issue Date or
(ii) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Energy Hunter Resources, Inc. be construed as a Liquidation Event for
purposes of the Series C Preferred Stock and this Certificate of Designations. 

8. Conversion . 

(a) Optional
Conversion . Any Holder at any time after the Original Issue Date (the Conversion Period ), all or any
portion of the Series C Preferred Stock held by such Holder may be converted into 100,000 shares of duly authorized, validly issued,
fully-paid and non-assessable share of Common Stock (each an Underlying Share per share of Series C Preferred
Stock to be converted by such Holder, as adjusted for any stock dividends, splits, combinations or similar events. The number of
Underlying Shares into which each share of Series C Preferred Stock is convertible, as adjusted from time to time in accordance with
this Section 8, is referred to herein as the Conversion Number . A Holder may convert Series C Preferred
Stock into Common Stock pursuant to this paragraph at any time, and from time to time by delivering to the Corporation during the
Conversion Period (i) a written notice of the election to convert executed by the Holder (the Notice of
Conversion ), specifying the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be converted, the name in which the shares of
the Common Stock deliverable upon conversion shall be registered, and the address of the named person, and (ii) the original
certificate(s), if any, evidencing the Series C Preferred Stock being converted. The Conversion Date, or the
date on which an optional conversion shall be deemed effective, shall be defined as the first Trading Day on which the Corporation
has received each of (i) if applicable, the original certificates representing the shares of the Series C Preferred Stock being
converted, duly endorsed, and (ii) the accompanying Conversion Notice. 

6 

(b) Automatic
Conversion . 

(i)
At any time after the occurrence of a Qualifying Event, the Corporation shall have the right to cause each share of Series C
Preferred Stock (and all accrued in-kind dividends with respect thereto) to be converted into shares of Common Stock as provided in
Section 8(a). In order to effectuate such conversion, the Corporation shall be required to provide written notice to each Holder of
Series A Preferred Stock being converted at least five (5) business days prior to such conversion. For purposes of this Certificate
of Designations, a Qualifying Event shall have occurred if (A) the rolling five (5)-trading day volume-weighted
average trading price of shares of the Corporation s Common Stock exceeds 0.75 and (B) there shall be an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act covering all of the shares of the
Corporation s Common Stock which would be issuable upon conversion of all of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred
Stock (including shares of Series C Preferred Stock deemed issued as payment-in-kind of accrued dividends). 

(ii)
The Corporation agrees that it shall in good faith, promptly, take any and all such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its
counsel, be necessary to effect the filing of a registration statement registering the resale of such shares (to the extent
necessary) and to expeditiously effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock to shares of Common
Stock, including, without limitation, use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder approval of any necessary
amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation to achieve the foregoing. 

(iii)
The Corporation shall use commercially reasonable efforts to issue or cause its transfer agent to issue the Common Stock issuable
upon the Automatic Conversion as soon as practicable after the Automatic Conversion. The Corporation shall bear the cost associated
with the issuance of the Common Stock issuable upon the Automatic Conversion. The Common Stock issuable upon the Automatic
Conversion shall be issued with a restrictive legend indicating that it was issued in a transaction which is exempt from
registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), and that it cannot
be transferred unless it is so registered, or an exemption from registration is available, in the opinion of
counsel to the Corporation. The Common Stock issuable upon the Automatic Conversion shall be issued in the same name as the person
who is the holder of the Series C Preferred Stock unless, in the opinion of counsel to the Corporation, a change of name and such
transfer can be made in compliance with applicable securities laws. The person in whose name the certificates of Common Stock are so
recorded and other securities issuable upon the Automatic Conversion shall be treated as a common stockholder of the Corporation at
the close of business on the date of the Automatic Conversion. The certificates, if any, representing the Series C Preferred Stock
shall be cancelled, on the date of the Automatic Conversion. 

(c) Adjustments
to Conversion Number. Stock Splits and Combinations . If the outstanding shares of Common Stock are split into a greater number of
shares, the Conversion Number will be proportionately increased. If the outstanding shares of Common Stock are combined into a smaller
number of shares, the Conversion Number then in effect immediately before such combination will be proportionately decreased. These adjustments
will be effective at the close of business on the date the split or combination becomes effective. 

(ii) Dividends
and Other Distributions in Shares of Common Stock . If the Corporation declares or makes a dividend or other distribution payable
in shares of Common Stock to holders of Common Stock, then the Conversion Number will be increased, effective at the close of business
on the date of issuance of the shares of Common Stock paid as a dividend or distribution (the Measurement Date ),
to a number determined by multiplying such Conversion Number by a fraction: 

(A)
the numerator of which will be sum of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Measurement
Date plus (y) the number of shares of Common Stock issued in payment of such dividend or distribution, and 

7 

(B)
the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding, on a fully diluted basis, immediately prior to
the Measurement Date. 

(iii) Rules
of Calculation; Treasury Stock . The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding will be calculated on the basis of the number of
issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock on the applicable date, not including shares held in the treasury of the Corporation. The
Corporation shall not pay any dividend on or make any distribution to shares of Common Stock held in treasury. 

(iv) Waiver .
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Conversion Number will not be increased if the Corporation receives, prior to the Measurement Date,
written notice from the Holders representing at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, voting together
as a separate class, that no adjustment is to be made as the result of a dividend or other distribution on shares of Common Stock. This
waiver will be limited in scope and will not be valid for any dividend or other distribution on shares of Common Stock not specifically
provided for in such notice. 

9. Mechanics
of Conversion . 

(a)
 Delivery of Certificate(s) Upon Conversion . Upon conversion of any share of Series C Preferred Stock, the Corporation
shall promptly (but in no event later than three Trading Days after the Conversion Date or Automatic Conversion Date, as applicable (the
 Share Delivery Date issue or cause to be issued and cause to be delivered to or upon the written order of the Holder
and in such name or names as the Holder may designate a certificate or certificates for the Underlying Shares issuable upon such conversion.
The Corporation shall, upon request of the Holder, deliver any certificate or certificates required to be delivered by the Corporation
under this Section electronically through the Depositary Trust Company or another established clearing corporation performing similar
functions. The Holder, or any Person so designated by the Holder to receive Underlying Shares, shall be deemed to have become the holder
of record of such Underlying Shares as of the Conversion Date. Upon surrender of a certificate representing the shares of Series C Preferred
Stock to be converted following one or more partial conversions, the Corporation shall promptly deliver to the Holder a new certificate
representing the remaining shares of Series C Preferred Stock. If the shares of Series C Preferred Stock are not certificated, the holder
must deliver evidence of ownership satisfactory to us and the transfer agent. If in the case of any Notice of Conversion such certificate
or certificates are not delivered to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the third Trading Day after the Conversion Date, the
Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Corporation at any time on or before its receipt of such certificate or certificates
thereafter, to rescind such conversion, in which event the Corporation shall immediately return the certificates representing the shares
of Series C Preferred Stock tendered for conversion. 

8 

(b)
 Transfer Tax Matters . Unless the shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion are to be issued in the same name as the name
in which the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be converted are registered, the Holder must also deliver to the transfer agent an
instrument of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the Holder or the Holder s duly authorized attorney,
together with, subject to Section 12, an amount sufficient to pay any transfer or similar tax in connection with the issuance and delivery
of such shares of Common Stock in such name (or evidence reasonably satisfactory to us demonstrating that such taxes have been paid). 

(c)
 Obligation Absolute . The Corporation s obligations to issue and deliver the shares of Common Stock upon conversion of Series
C Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof (the Conversion Shares are absolute and unconditional, irrespective
of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery
of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination,
or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation
of law by the Holder or any other person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the
Corporation to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares. In the event a Holder shall elect to convert any
or all of the Holder s shares of Series C Preferred Stock, the Corporation may not refuse conversion based on any claim that such
Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder of has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason,
unless, an injunction from a court, on notice, restraining and or enjoining conversion of all or part of this Series C Preferred Stock
shall have been sought and obtained and the Corporation posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 150 of the
value of the Holder s shares of Series C Preferred Stock, which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect
until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to such Holder to the extent
it obtains judgment. In the absence of an injunction precluding the same, the Corporation shall issue Conversion Shares or, if applicable,
cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Corporation fails to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates pursuant
to Section 9(a) within two Trading Days of the Share Delivery Date applicable to such conversion, the Corporation shall pay to such
Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each 5,000 of Stated Value of Preferred Stock being converted, 50
per Trading Day (increasing to 100 per Trading Day after three Trading Days and increasing to 200 per Trading Day six Trading Days
after such damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such certificates are delivered. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue actual damages for the Corporation s failure to deliver certificates representing
shares of Common Stock upon conversion within the period specified herein and such Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies
available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. 

10. Redemption
Rights . 

(a) Optional
Redemption . The Series C Preferred Stock may be redeemed by the Corporation for the Stated Value, plus accrued and unpaid
dividends, at any time. The date on which the Series C Preferred Stock is redeemed pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph
shall be referred to as the Redemption Date . 

9 

12. Reservation
of Common Stock . The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available for issuance upon the conversion of shares of Series
C Preferred Stock, such number of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock as will from time to time be sufficient to permit
the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock (including any shares of Series C Preferred Stock paid by the Corporation
as in kind dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock), and shall take all action to increase the authorized number of shares of Common
Stock if at any time there shall be insufficient authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to permit such reservation or to permit
the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock; provided, that the Holders approve any such action that requires
a vote of the Holders in accordance with Section 3. The Corporation covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable
shall, upon issue, be duly and validly authorized, issued and fully paid, nonassessable. 

13. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses . The issuance of certificates for shares of Series C Preferred Stock and for Underlying Shares issued upon conversion
of (or otherwise in respect of) the Series C Preferred Stock shall be made without charge to the Holders for any issue or transfer tax,
withholding tax, transfer agent fee or other incidental tax or expense in respect of the issuance of such certificates, all of which
taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Corporation; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that
may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the registration of any certificates for Common Stock or Series C Preferred Stock
in a name other than that of the Holder. The Holder shall be responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding
or transferring the Series C Preferred Stock or receiving Underlying Shares in respect of the Series C Preferred Stock. 

14. Replacement
Certificates . If any certificate evidencing Series C Preferred Stock or Underlying Shares is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Corporation shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and substitution
for such certificate, a new certificate, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation of such loss, theft
or destruction and customary and reasonable indemnity, if requested. Applicants for a new certificate under such circumstances shall
also comply with such other reasonable regulations and procedures and pay such other reasonable third-party costs as the Corporation
may prescribe. 

15. Fundamental
Transactions . If, at any time while any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding, (i) the Corporation effects any
merger of the Corporation into or consolidation of the Corporation with another Person, (ii) the Corporation effects any sale of
all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, or (iii) the Corporation effects any reclassification
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock covered by Section 14(a))
(in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction ), then, to the extent such Fundamental Transaction does not constitute
a Liquidation Event, upon any subsequent conversion of Series C Preferred Stock, each Holder shall have the right to receive, for each
Underlying Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion absent such Fundamental Transaction, the same kind and amount of
securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had
been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the record holder of such Underlying Shares immediately prior to such record
date (the Alternate Consideration ). The foregoing provisions shall be in addition to any other rights that Holders
of Series C Preferred Stock shall have hereunder in the event of a Change of Control Event, and shall apply regardless of whether or
not there would have been a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock authorized and available for issuance upon conversion of the
shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding as of the date of such transaction, and shall similarly apply to successive mergers, consolidations,
sales, reclassifications or share exchanges. 

10 

16. No
Fractional Shares . No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock, whether
voluntary or mandatory. Instead, the Corporation shall pay the cash value to each Holder that would otherwise be entitled to a fractional
share. 

17. Notice
of Corporate Events . If the Corporation (i) declares a dividend or any other distribution of cash, securities or other property
in respect of its Common Stock, including, without limitation, any granting of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any capital
stock of the Corporation or any subsidiary, or (ii) authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits
stockholder approval for any Liquidation Event, Fundamental Transaction, Change of Control or other Triggering Event, then the Corporation
shall deliver to each Holder a notice which shall specify (1) the record date for the purpose of such dividend or distribution and
a description of such dividend or distribution, (2) the date on which any such Liquidation Event, Fundamental Transaction, Change
of Control or other Triggering Event is expected to become effective, and (3) the date, if any, that is to be fixed as to when the
holders of record of Common Stock (or other securities) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock (or other securities)
for securities or other property deliverable upon any such Liquidation Event or Fundamental Transaction. 

18. Negative
Covenants . So long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation will not, and will not permit any of
its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Holders of a majority of the Series C Preferred
Stock then outstanding: (i) amend its Certificate of Incorporation, bylaws or other charter documents so as to materially and adversely
affect any rights of any Holder; (ii) repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a de minimis number
of shares of its Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents; (iii) enter into any agreement with respect to the foregoing; or (iv) pay
cash dividends or distributions on any equity securities of the Corporation other than pursuant to the terms of the Corporation s
outstanding Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock. For purposes of this Section 17, the following terms shall have the meanings
set forth below: 

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Corporation or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

11 

19. Notices .
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries hereunder (including without limitation any Conversion Notice) shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number specified in this Section prior to 5:00 p.m. (Houston time) on a Business Day, (ii) the
next Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number
specified in this Section on a day that is not a Business Day or later than 5:00 p.m. (Denver time) on any Business Day, (iii) the
Business Day following the date of transmittal, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual
receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The addresses for such communications shall be: (i) if to the
Corporation, to Duane Morris LLP, One Riverfront Plaza, 1037 Raymond Blvd., Suite 1800, Newark, NJ 07102 Attn: Dean M. Colucci, or (ii) if
to a Holder, to the address or facsimile number appearing on the Corporation s Preferred Stock Register or such other address or
facsimile number as such Holder may provide to the Corporation in accordance with this Section. 

20. Miscellaneous . 

(a)
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designation and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

(b)
No provision of this Certificate of Designation may be amended, except in a written instrument signed by the Corporation and Holders
of at least a majority of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock then outstanding. 

(c)
The Series C Preferred Stock (i) is senior to all other equity interests in the Corporation outstanding as of the Original
Issue Date in right of payment, whether with respect to dividends or upon liquidation or dissolution, or otherwise, other than the
outstanding Series C Preferred Stock, and (ii) unless otherwise approved in accordance with this Certificate of Designation,
will be senior to all other equity or equity equivalent securities issued by the Corporation after the Original Issue Date, other
than Series C Preferred Stock issued after the Original Issue Date in accordance with this Series C Preferred Stock Certificate of
Designation. 

(d)
Any of the rights of the Holders of Series C Preferred Stock set forth herein may be waived by the affirmative vote of Holders of a
majority of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock then outstanding. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision,
condition or requirement of this Certificate of Designation shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of
any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of
either party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. 

[Signature
Page Follows.] 

12 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Designation for the Series C Preferred Stock to be executed by its
duly authorized officer on February 23, 2023. 

GENERATION
HEMP, INC 

By: 
 /s/
 Gary C. Evans 

Name: 
 Gary
 C. Evans 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

13 

</EX-3.5>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 f10k2022ex4-5_evergreen.htm
 FORM OF WARRANT (2023)

Exhibit 4.5 

Exhibit B 

 Form of Warrant 

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR
WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY
STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE PURCHASER TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH
SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. 

GENERATION HEMP, INC. 

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK 

 (Cash Exercise) 

Warrant No.: ___ 

 Number of Shares of Common Stock: 

 Issuance Date: _______ 

Generation Hemp, Inc., a Colorado corporation
(the Company ), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, [ ], the registered holder hereof or its permitted assigns (the Holder ), is entitled,
subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company, at the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect, upon surrender
of this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (including any Warrants to Purchase Common Stock issued in exchange, transfer or replacement
hereof, the Warrant ), at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, but not after 11:59 p.m., New York time,
on the Expiration Date (as defined below), one (1) fully paid non-assessable share of Common Stock (as defined below) (the Warrant
Shares ). Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in Section
16. This Warrant is the Warrant to purchase Common Stock (this Warrant issued pursuant to Section 1(a) of that certain
Preferred Stock and Warrant Subscription Agreement (the Subscription Agreement ), dated as of this date (the Closing
Date ), by and between the Company and the Purchasers (as defined therein). 

1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT. 

(a) Mechanics
of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder on any day on or after the
Issuance Date, in whole or in part, by (i) delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise
Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant and (ii) (A) payment to the Company of an amount equal to
the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate
Exercise Price in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available funds or (B) provided the conditions for cashless exercise
set forth in Section 1(d) are satisfied, by notifying the Company that this Warrant is being exercised pursuant to a Cashless Exercise
(as defined in Section 1(d)). The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder.
Execution and delivery of the Exercise Notice with respect to less than all of the Warrant Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation
of the original Warrant and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares. On or before
the first (1st Business Day following the date on which the Company has received each of the Exercise Notice and the Aggregate Exercise
Price (or notice of a Cashless Exercise) (collectively, the Exercise Delivery Documents ), the Company shall transmit
by facsimile or electronic mail an acknowledgment of receipt of the Exercise Delivery Documents to the Holder and Stock Transfer Corporation
(the Company s Transfer Agent ). On or before the third (3rd) Business Day following the date on which the Company
has received all of the Exercise Delivery Documents (the Share Delivery Date ), the Company shall cause the Shares
to be issued in the name of and delivered to the Holder (i) written confirmation that the Shares have been issued in the name of the Holder,
and (ii) a new warrant of like tenor to purchase all of the Shares that may be purchased pursuant to the portion, if any, of this Warrant
not exercised by the Holder. No fractional shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but rather the number
of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number. 

(b) Exercise
Price . For purposes of this Warrant, Exercise Price means 0.50 per share of Common Stock subject to adjustment
as provided herein. 

(c) Legend.
 The Holder acknowledges that each certificate evidencing the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws. Each such certificate shall be stamped or imprinted with a legend substantially
in the following form: 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS
OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER APPLICABLE FEDERAL AND STATE
SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE PURCHASER TO SUCH EFFECT,
WHICH OPINION SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. 

(d) Beneficial
Ownership . The Company shall not effect the exercise of this Warrant, and the Holder shall not have the right to exercise this Warrant,
to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such Person (together with such Person s affiliates) would beneficially
own in excess of 9.99 (the Maximum Percentage of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to such exercise (including in connection with any Fundamental Transaction (as defined below)). For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Person and its affiliates shall include the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall
exclude shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially
owned by such Person and its affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company beneficially owned by such Person and its affiliates (including, without limitation, any convertible notes or convertible
preferred stock or warrants) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein. Except as
set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. For purposes of this Warrant, in determining the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (1) the Company s most
recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the case
may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 1(f) applies, the determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder) and of which a portion of this Warrant is
exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of a Holder, and the submission of an Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be each Holder s
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder) and of which portion of this
Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to such aggregate percentage limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify
or confirm the accuracy of such determination. For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of the Holder, the Company
shall within two (2) Business Days confirm to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder and its affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
was reported. By written notice to the Company, the Holder may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other
percentage not in excess of 9.99 specified in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase will not be effective until the
sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company, and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to the Holder.
The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of
this Section 1(g) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial
ownership limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. 

2 

2. ADJUSTMENT
OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF WARRANT SHARES . The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to
time as follows: 

(a) Adjustment upon Subdivision
or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Closing Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock
dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, scheme, arrangement or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced
and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Closing Date combines (by
any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, scheme, arrangement or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately
increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this Section 2(a) shall become effective
at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective. 

(b) Other Events . If
any event occurs of the type contemplated by the provisions of this Section 2 but not expressly provided for by such provisions (including,
without limitation, the granting of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features), then the Company s
Board of Directors will make an appropriate adjustment in the Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares so as to protect the rights
of the Holder; provided that no such adjustment pursuant to this Section 2(b) will increase the Exercise Price or decrease the number
of Warrant Shares as otherwise determined pursuant to this Section 2 . 

3. RIGHTS UPON DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS .
 If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all holders
of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or
other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement
or other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such
case: 

(a) any Exercise Price in
effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock
entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a price determined
by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction of which (i) the numerator shall be the Closing Bid Price of the shares of Common Stock
on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined in good faith by the Company s
Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator shall be the Closing Bid Price of the shares of
Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

(b) the number of Warrant
Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately prior to the close
of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution multiplied
by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph (a); provided that in the event that the Distribution
is of shares of Common Stock (or common stock) Other Shares of Common Stock of a company whose shares of common
stock are traded on a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system, then the Holder may elect to receive a warrant
to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms of which shall be identical
to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares of Other Shares of Common Stock that
would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant immediately prior to such record
date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise price of this Warrant was decreased
with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding paragraph (a) and the number of Warrant Shares calculated
in accordance with the first part of this paragraph (b). 

3 

4. PURCHASE
RIGHTS; FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS. 

(a) Purchase Rights. 
In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 2 above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible
Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of
Common Stock (the Purchase Rights ), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such
Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common
Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights. 

(b) Fundamental Transactions. 
The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless the Successor Entity assumes this Warrant in accordance
with the provisions of this Section (4)(b), including agreements to deliver to each holder of Warrants in exchange for such Warrants a
security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant, including,
without limitation, an adjusted exercise price equal to the value for the shares of Common Stock reflected by the terms of such Fundamental
Transaction, and exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable
and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, and satisfactory to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to,
and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the
 Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume
all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company
herein. Upon consummation of the Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall deliver to the Holder confirmation that there shall
be issued upon exercise of this Warrant at any time after the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of the shares of the
Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property) purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrant prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, such shares of stock, securities, cash, assets or any other property whatsoever (including warrants or other purchase or
subscription rights) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of such Fundamental Transaction had this
Warrant been converted immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant.
In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of any Fundamental Transaction pursuant
to which holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for shares
of Common Stock (a Corporate Event ), the Company shall make appropriate provision to insure that the Holder will
thereafter have the right to receive upon an exercise of this Warrant at any time after the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
but prior to the Expiration Date, in lieu of the shares of the Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property) purchasable
upon the exercise of the Warrant prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of stock, securities, cash, assets or any other property
whatsoever (including warrants or other purchase or subscription rights) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the
happening of such Fundamental Transaction had the Warrant been exercised immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. If holders
of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder
shall be given the same choice as to the consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
The provisions of this Section 4 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and Corporate Events and shall
be applied without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant. 

5. NONCIRCUMVENTION. 
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or through
any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times
in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable
upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this
Warrant, and (iii) shall, so long as this Warrant is outstanding, take all action necessary to reserve and keep available out of its authorized
and unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the exercise of this Warrant, 100 of the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

4 

6. WARRANT
HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in such Person s capacity
as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company
for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in such Person s capacity
as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any
corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise),
receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant
Shares which such Person is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant
shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or
as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

7. REISSUANCE
OF WARRANTS. 

(a) Transfer
of Warrant . If this Warrant is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company together with a written assignment
of this Warrant in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney, whereupon the Company will
forthwith, subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant (in
accordance with Section 7(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares being
transferred by the Holder and, if less than the total number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant is being transferred, a new
Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)) to the Holder representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares not being transferred. 

(b) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated
Warrant . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of this Warrant, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary
form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder
a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant. 

(c) Exchangeable for Multiple
Warrants . This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new
Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 7(d)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares
then underlying this Warrant, and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion of such Warrant Shares as is
designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender; provided, however, that no Warrants for fractional shares of Common Stock shall
be given. 

(d) Issuance of New Warrants .
Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant (i) shall be of like tenor
with this Warrant, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying
this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section 7(a) or Section 7(c), the Warrant Shares designated by
the Holder which, when added to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the other new Warrants issued in connection with such
issuance, does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated
on the face of such new Warrant, which is the same as the Issuance Date, and (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Warrant. 

5 

8. OPTIONAL REDEMPTION. Beginning
on the first anniversary of the Issuance Date at any time within 10 days following the occurrence of a Trading Threshold (as defined in
Section 16(q)), the Company shall be entitled to redeem the Warrants, or any of them, at a per Warrant Share redemption price of 0.001
(the Redemption Price ), upon 30 days written notice to the Holder. Hereinafter such 30-day period, as it may
be extended pursuant to this Section 8, is referred to as the Redemption Period . Upon the expiration of the Redemption
Period (the Redemption Date ), all Warrants noticed for redemption that have not theretofore been exercised by the
Holder shall, upon payment of the aggregate Redemption Price therefor, cease to represent the right to purchase any shares of Common Stock
and shall be deemed cancelled and void and of no further force or effect without any further act or deed on the part of the Company. The
Holder undertakes to return the certificate representing any redeemed Warrants to the Company upon their redemption and to indemnify the
Company with respect to any losses, claims, damages or liabilities arising from the Holder s failure to return such certificate.
In the event the certificate so returned represents a number of Warrants in excess of the number being redeemed, the Company shall as
promptly as practicable issue to the Holder a new certificate for the number of unredeemed Warrants. 

9. NOTICES. The Company shall
provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Warrant, including in reasonable detail a description
of such action and the reason therefor. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein,
such notice shall be given in writing, will be mailed (a) if within the domestic United States by first-class registered or certified
mail, or nationally recognized overnight express courier, postage prepaid, or by facsimile or (b) if delivered from outside the United
States, by International Federal Express or facsimile, and (c) will be deemed given (i) if delivered by first-class registered or certified
mail domestic, three business days after so mailed, (ii) if delivered by nationally recognized overnight carrier, one business day after
so mailed, (iii) if delivered by International Federal Express, two business days after so mailed and (iv) if delivered by facsimile,
upon electronic confirmation of receipt, and will be delivered and addressed as follows: 

(a) 
 if to the Company, to: 

Generation Hemp, Inc. 

 P.O. Box 540308 

 Dallas, Texas 75354 

 Attention: Gary C. Evans 

 Email: gevans@genhempinc.com 

with copies to: 

Duane Morris LLP 

 1540 Broadway 

 New York, NY 10036-4086 

 Attention: Dean M. Colucci 

 Email: dmcolucci@duanemorris.com 

(b) 
 if to the Holder, to: 

[INSERT NAME AND ADDRESS] 

 Attn: 

 Facsimile: 

with copies to: 

[ ] 

 Attn: 

 Email: 

or to Holder s address on any Exercise Notice
delivered to the Company in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto, or at such other address or addresses as may have been furnished to
the Company in writing. 

6 

10. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. Except as otherwise provided
herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder, and the Company may
take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only with the written consent of
the Holder. 

11. GOVERNING LAW. All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Common Stock Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal
proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant(whether brought against
a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced
exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of this
Warrant), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each
party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such action or proceeding by mailing
a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect
for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either
party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action or proceeding
shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

12. CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS. 
 This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any person as
the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Warrant. 

13. DISPUTE RESOLUTION . In the
case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall
submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile or electronic mail within two (2) Business Days of receipt
of the Exercise Notice giving rise to such dispute, as the case may be, to the Holder. If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree
upon such determination or calculation of the Exercise Price or the Warrant Shares within three Business Days of such disputed determination
or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Holder, then the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days submit via facsimile or
electronic mail (a) the disputed determination of the Exercise Price to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Company
and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares to the Company s independent, outside
accountant. The Company shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant, as the case may be, to perform the determinations
or calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later than ten Business Days from the time it receives the disputed
determinations or calculations. Such investment bank s or accountant s determination or calculation, as the case may be, shall
be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. 

14. REMEDIES, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES
AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The remedies provided in this Warrant shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available
under this Warrant, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein
shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Warrant. 

7 

15. TRANSFER. Subject to compliance with any applicable
securities laws, this Warrant may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without the consent of the Company. 

16. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a) Bloomberg 
means Bloomberg Financial Markets. 

(b) Business Day 
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed. 

(c) Change of Control 
means any Fundamental Transaction other than (A) any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of the Common Stock, in which
holders of the Company s voting power immediately prior to such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification continue after
such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification to hold publicly traded securities and, directly or indirectly, the voting power
of the surviving entity or entities necessary to elect a majority of the members of the board of directors (or their equivalent if other
than a corporation) of such entity or entities, or (B) pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely for the purpose of changing the
jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company. 

(d) Closing Bid Price and
 Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing bid price and last closing trade price,
respectively, for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an
extended hours basis and does not designate the closing bid price or the closing trade price, as the case may be, then the last bid price
or the last trade price, respectively, of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal
Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively,
of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg,
or if the foregoing do not apply, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security in the over-the-counter
market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no closing bid price or last trade price, respectively,
is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices, or the ask prices, respectively, of any market makers for such
security as reported in the pink sheets by Pink Sheets LLC (formerly the National Quotation Bureau, Inc.). If the Closing
Bid Price or the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing
Bid Price or the Closing Sale Price, as the case may be, of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as determined by
the Board of Directors of the Company in the exercise of its good faith judgment. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted
for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(e) Common Stock means (i)
the Company s shares of Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and (ii) any share capital into which such Common Stock shall
have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such Common Stock. 

(f) Eligible Market means
the Principal Market, The New York Stock Exchange, Inc., The American Stock Exchange, The NASDAQ Global Select Market, The NASDAQ Global
Market or OTC Bulletin Board. 

8 

(g) Expiration Date means
the date three (3) years following the Issuance Date or, if such date falls on a day other than a Business Day or on which trading does
not take place on the Principal Market (a Holiday ), the next date that is not a Holiday. 

(h) Fundamental Transaction 
means that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether
or not the Company is the surviving corporation) another Person, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or
substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company to another Person, or (iii) allow another Person to make a purchase, tender
or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of more than the 67 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares
of Common Stock held by the Person or Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the Persons making or party to, such
purchase, tender or exchange offer), or (iv) consummate a stock purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation,
a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than
the 67 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons
making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business
combination), (v) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify its Common Stock, or (vi) any person or group (as
these terms are used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or shall become the beneficial owner 
(as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of 67 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by
issued and outstanding Common Stock. 

(i) Parent Entity of a Person
means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose common stock or equivalent equity security is quoted
or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent Entity, the Person or Parent Entity with the largest
public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. 

(j) Person means an individual,
a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity
and a government or any department or agency thereof. 

(k) Principal Market means
OTC Markets. 

(l) Successor Entity means
the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or
the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been entered into. 

9 

(m) Trading Day means any
day on which shares of Common Stock are traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market
for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market or electronic quotations system on which the shares
of Common Stock are then traded; provided that Trading Day shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is
scheduled to trade on such exchange, market or system for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading
during the final hour of trading on such exchange, market or system (or if such exchange, market or system does not designate in advance
the closing time of trading on such exchange, market or system, then during the hour ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time). 

(n) A Trading Threshold shall
be deemed to occur on any date that the reported Weighted Average Price for any ten (10) consecutive Trading Days immediately prior to
such date, exceeds 175 of the Exercise Price with a minimum average daily trading volume for such ten (10) day period of at least 25,000
shares of Common Stock as reported by the Principal Market for such period (with such price and volume criteria being appropriately adjusted
for any share dividend, share split or other similar transaction that may occur on or after the Issuance Date). 

(o) Weighted Average Price 
means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market (or, if the
Principal Market is not the principal trading market for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market
or electronic quotations system on which the shares of Common Stock are then traded) during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New
York City time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York City time, as reported by Bloomberg through its Volume at Price function
or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic
bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York City time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York
City time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such
hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as
reported in the pink sheets by OTC Markets LLC (or any successor thereto). If the Weighted Average Price cannot be calculated
for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the Weighted Average Price of such security on such date shall be the fair
market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market
value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Section 13 with the term Weighted Average Price 
being substituted for the term Exercise Price. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any share dividend,
share split or other similar transaction during such period. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused
this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date. 

GENERATION HEMP, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Gary C. Evans 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

11 

EXHIBIT A 

EXERCISE NOTICE 

TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE
THIS 

 WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK 

GENERATION HEMP, INC. 

The undersigned holder hereby exercises the right to purchase _________________
of the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of Generation Hemp, Inc, a Colorado corporation (the Company ),
evidenced by the attached Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (the Warrant ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise
defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Payment of Exercise
Price . In the event that the holder has elected a Cash Exercise with respect to some or all of the Warrant Shares to be issued pursuant
hereto, the holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of ___________________ to the Company in accordance with the terms
of the Warrant. 

2. Delivery of Warrant
Shares . The Company shall deliver __________ Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned holder or in the name of ______________________
in accordance with the terms of the Warrant or by physical delivery of a certificate to: 

_______________________________ 

_______________________________ 

_______________________________ 

Date: _______________ __, ______ 

Name of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

12 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

The Company hereby acknowledges this Exercise Notice and hereby directs
[ ] to issue the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated [ ],
2020 from the Company and acknowledged and agreed to [ ]. 

GENERATION HEMP, INC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

13 

EXHIBIT B 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute 

 this form and supply required information. 

 Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.) 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, all of or [_______]
shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to 

_______________________________________________ whose address is 

_______________________________________________________________. 

_______________________________________________________________ 

Dated: ______________, _______ 

Holder s Signature: 

Holder s Address: 

Signature Guaranteed: 

NOTE : The signature to this Assignment
Form must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever,
and must be guaranteed by a bank or trust company. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity
should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant. 

14 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.49>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-49_evergreen.htm
 FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT FOR SERIES C REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

Exhibit 10.49 

GENERATION
HEMP, INC. 

 COMMON
STOCK AND WARRANT 

 SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 

Units Consisting of 

 One Share of 8.50 Series C Redeemable Convertible
Preferred Stock and 

 5,000 Common Stock Purchase Warrants 

50,000 per Unit 

Date: 
 Full Subscription Commitment: 

1. 
 Subscription: 

(a) 
 The undersigned (individually and/or collectively, the Purchaser hereby applies to purchase Units composed
of (i) one share of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series C Preferred Stock or the Shares of Generation Hemp, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and (ii) five thousand common stock purchase warrants
(the Warrants each Warrant exercisable for one share of common stock of the Company (the Common Stock ),
in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Subscription Agreement (this Subscription and the form of Warrant,
which is attached as Exhibit B hereto, at a purchase price (the Offering Price of 50,000 per Unit
(collectively the Units ). This Subscription is one of several Subscriptions to be entered into by and between the
Company and Purchasers, pursuant to which the Company will raise up to 5,000,000 (the Offering ). The Purchaser acknowledges
and understands that the Offering of the Units is being made without registration of the Units, the Series C Preferred stock, the Warrant
or the Common Stock for which each Warrant is exercisable, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ),
or any securities blue sky or other similar laws of any state. 

(b) 
 Before this Subscription is considered, the Purchaser must confirm its agreement with each of the following: 

(i) 
 Execution of this Subscription; 

(ii) Certificate
of Designation for the Company s 8.50 Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock attached hereto as Exhibit
A ; 

(iii) 
 The Form of Warrant attached hereto as Exhibit B ; 

(iv) 
 Conpletion of the Certificate of Accredited Investor Status, attached hereto as Exhibit C ; and 

(v) 
 Purchaser s aggregate payment in the amount of in exchange for Units purchased, or wire transfer sent to the Company in
accordance with wire transfer instructions contained in Schedule 1 hereto. 

(c) 
 This Subscription is irrevocable by the Purchaser. 

(d) 
 This Subscription is not transferable or assignable by the Purchaser. 

Subscription Agreement 2 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

(e) 
 This Subscription may be rejected in whole or in part by the Company in its sole discretion prior to the applicable Closing (as
defined in Section 1(g) hereof), regardless of whether Purchaser s funds have theretofore been deposited by the Company. Purchaser s
execution and delivery of this Subscription will not constitute an agreement between the undersigned and the Company until this Agreement
has been accepted and executed by the Company. In the event this Subscription is rejected by the Company, all funds and documents tendered
by the Purchaser shall be returned and the parties obligations hereunder, shall terminate. 

(f) 
 Each Purchaser shall be issued at Closing three-year Warrants in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
Each Warrant to acquire one share of Common Stock is exercisable only for a cash Purchase Price of 0.50 per share (the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrant collectively are referred to herein as the Warrant Shares ).
The Shares, the Warrant, and the Warrant Shares collectively are referred to herein as the Securities . 

(g) 
 The sale of Units will take place in one or more closings (the Closing or Closing Date ),
the first of which is scheduled to close on or about March 1, 2023, subject to the satisfaction of all parties hereto of their obligations
herein. The minimum investment amount shall be 50,000 by each Purchaser in the Offering, although the Company may waive this minimum
in its sole discretion and accept lesser investment amounts from Purchasers. The maximum Offering size shall be 100 Units. There shall
be no minimum Offering size. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that their subscription is irrevocable and binding on the part of the Purchaser
and that once the funds have been tendered, the Company may conduct a Closing without any consent or notice to the Purchaser. Once a Closing
has occurred, the subscribed funds will become assets of the Company and will be available for use by the Company as described herein. 

(h) 
 The Company plans to use the proceeds from the Offering for acquisitions, capital expenditures, and general working capital purposes. 

(i) 
 Purchaser hereby agrees not to, and will cause its affiliates not to, enter into any put equivalent position as such
term is defined in Rule 16a-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or
Short Sale (as defined below) position (a) with respect to the Securities; or (b) with respect to the Company s Common Stock, prior
to the exercise in full of the Warrants by the Purchaser, or expiration of the Warrants held by the Purchaser. 

(j) 
 Registration Procedures and Expenses . 

(i) 
 The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC, as promptly as reasonably practicable following Closing, but in no event later
than 210 days following Closing (the Filing Date ), a registration statement on Form S-1 (or Form S-3, if available),
covering the resale of theWarrant Shares (the Registrable Securities and the Registration Statement and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective within 270 days after the Closing. 

(ii) 
 The Company shall use its commercially reasonable best efforts to: 

(a)
prepare and file with SEC such amendments and supplements to the Registration Statement and the
prospectus forming part thereof (the Prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary or advisable
to keep the Registration Statement current and effective for the Registrable Securities held by a Purchaser for a period ending on
the earliest of (i) the second anniversary of the Closing Date, (ii) the date on which all Registrable Securities may be sold
pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any successor rule Rule 144 during any three-month period
without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144(c)(1) or
(iii) such time as all Registrable Securities have been sold pursuant to a registration statement or Rule 144. The Company shall
notify each Purchaser promptly upon the Registration Statement and each post-effective amendment thereto, being declared effective
by the SEC and advise each Purchaser that the form of Prospectus contained in the Registration Statement or post-effective amendment
thereto, as the case may be, at the time of effectiveness meets the requirements of Section 10(a) of the Securities Act or that it
intends to file a Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act that meets the requirements of Section 10(a) of the
Securities Act; 

Subscription Agreement 2 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

(b) 
 furnish to the Purchaser with respect to the Registrable Securities registered under the Registration Statement such number of
copies of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (including supplemental prospectuses) filed with the SEC in conformance with the
requirements of the Securities Act and other such documents as the Purchaser may reasonably request, in order to facilitate the public
sale or other disposition of all or any of the Registrable Securities by the Purchaser; 

(c) 
 pay the expenses incurred by the Company in complying with this Section, including, all registration and filing fees, FINRA fees,
exchange listing fees, printing expenses, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, blue sky fees and expenses and the expense
of any special audits incident to or required by any such registration (but excluding attorneys fees of any Purchaser and any and
all underwriting discounts and selling commissions applicable to the sale of Registrable Securities by the Purchasers); 

(d) 
 advise the Purchasers, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge of the issuance of any stop order by the SEC
delaying or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of the initiation of any proceeding for that purpose; and it
will promptly use its commercially reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal at the
earliest possible moment if such stop order should be issued; and 

(e) 
 with a view to making available to the Purchaser the benefits of Rule 144 and any other rule or regulation of the SEC that may
at any time permit the Purchaser to sell Registrable Securities to the public without registration, the Company covenants and agrees to
use its commercially reasonable efforts to: (i) make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined
in Rule 144, until the earlier of (A) such date as all of the Registrable Securities qualify to be resold immediately pursuant to Rule
144 or any other rule of similar effect during any three-month period without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with
the current public information required under Rule 144(c)(1) or (B) such date as all of the Registrable Securities shall have been resold
pursuant to Rule 144 (and may be further resold without restriction); (ii) file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other
documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and under the Exchange Act; and (iii) furnish to the Purchaser upon request,
as long as the Purchaser owns any Registrable Securities, (A) a written statement by the Company as to whether it has complied with the
reporting requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, (B) a copy of the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form
10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and (C) such other information as may be reasonably requested in order to avail the Purchaser of
any rule or regulation of the SEC that permits the selling of any such Registrable Securities without registration. 

(iii) 
 The Purchaser agrees and confirms that a requirement to the Company including such Purchaser s Registrable Securities in
the Registration Statement is that the Purchaser will work in good faith with the Company to supply the Company with any and all information
the Company may reasonably request from the Purchaser from time to time in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement,
including, customary and reasonable representations and confirmations regarding the Warrant Shares held by the Purchasers, information
relating to the beneficial ownership of other securities of the Company held by such Purchaser and its affiliates, information regarding
the persons with voting and dispositive control over the Purchaser and such other information as the Company or its legal counsel may
reasonably request (which requirement may be waived by the Company). 

Subscription Agreement 3 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

(iv) 
 The Purchasers acknowledge and understand that the Filing Date shall be extended in the event the Company is currently in the process
of undertaking and/or is currently contemplating an offering by the Company of securities for its own account if the managing underwriter
or placement agent shall have advised the Company in writing that such Registration Statement or the inclusion of such Registrable Securities
in such registration statement will have a material adverse effect upon the ability of the Company to sell securities for its own account,
and provided further that the Purchasers are not treated less favorably than others seeking to have their securities included in such
registration statement. Notwithstanding the obligations set forth above, if any SEC guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of
securities permitted to be registered on the Registration Statement (including any other securities included by the Company in such Registration
Statement; provided further that the Company shall not be prohibited from including other securities on such Registration Statement),
the number of Registrable Securities to be included on such Registration Statement for the benefit of the Purchasers will be reduced pro
rata between the Purchasers (or other parties) whose securities are included in such Registration Statement and the Company; provided
further that the Company shall take action to file additional registration statements at the written request of the holders of a majority
in interest of the Shares sold in the Offering after the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, subject to SEC rules and guidance
and the requirements set forth above, provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to file more than one additional Registration
Statement in any rolling six (6) month period. Notwithstanding the above, the Purchasers agree that the Company shall not be required
to register securities totaling more than 1/3rd of its then public float on the Registration Statement. Further notwithstanding the above,
the Company may at any time take action to register the Warrant Shares under the Securities Act and the Purchasers agree to take reasonable
actions and provide the Company reasonable information to facilitate any such registration. 

(k) 
 Expenses . The Company will be responsible for all of its own expenses (e.g., legal, accounting, printing) in connection
with the Offering as well as, whether the Offering is consummated or not. Each Purchaser shall be responsible for all of its own expenses
(e.g., legal, tax, or other advisers). 

2. 
 Representations by Purchaser. In consideration of the Company s potential acceptance of the Subscription, Purchaser makes
the following representations and warranties to the Company and to its principals, jointly and severally, which warranties and representations
shall survive any acceptance of the Subscription by the Company: 

(a) Prior to the time of
purchase of any Securities, Purchaser has had an opportunity to review the Company s reports, schedules, forms, statements and
other documents filed by it with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC Reports (which
filings can be accessed by going to http://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html, typing Generation Hemp in
the Company name field, and clicking the Search button), including (A) the Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2021; (B) the Forms 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, and September 30, 2022; and (C) the Form
8-K filed with the SEC on January 18, 2023 and any other Form 8-K filed after January 18, 2023 and prior to the date of this
Subscription. 

(b) 
 Purchaser has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from,
representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Units and the merits and risks of investing
in the Units; (ii) access to information about the Company and its respective financial condition, results of operations, business, properties,
management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information
that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision
with respect to the investment. Purchaser acknowledges that no officer, director, broker-dealer, placement agent, finder or other person
affiliated with the Company has given Purchaser any information or made any representations, oral or written, other than as provided in
the SEC Reports and herein, on which Purchaser has relied upon in deciding to invest in the Securities, including without limitation,
any information with respect to future acquisitions, mergers or operations of the Company or the economic returns which may accrue as
a result of the purchase of the Securities. 

Subscription Agreement 4 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

(c) 
 Purchaser recognizes that the total amount of funds tendered to purchase the Units is placed at the risk of the business and may
be completely lost. The Purchaser confirms and represents that it is able (i) to bear the economic risk of its investment, (ii) to hold
the securities for an indefinite period of time, and (iii) to afford a complete loss of its investment. 

(d) 
 Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser has not seen, received, been presented with, or been solicited by any leaflet, public promotional
meeting, newspaper or magazine article or advertisement, radio or television advertisement, or any other form of advertising or general
solicitation with respect to the Securities. 

(e)
 The Securities are being purchased for Purchaser s own account for long-term investment and not with a view to immediately
resale the Securities. No other person or entity will have any direct or indirect beneficial interest in, or right to, the Securities.
No person has made to the Purchaser any written or oral representations: (x) that any person will resell or repurchase any of the Securities;
(y) that any person will refund the purchase price of any of the Securities, or (z) as to the future price or value of any of the Securities.
The Purchaser does not presently have any contract, agreement, undertaking, arrangement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with
any person to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise effect any distribution of any of the Securities, and Purchaser is not a registered
broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act or an entity engaged in a business that would require it to be so registered as a broker-dealer. 

(f) 
Purchaser acknowledges that the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act, or qualified under any state securities
laws, or any other applicable blue sky laws, in reliance, in part, on Purchaser s representations, warranties and agreements made
herein. 

(g) 
 Other than the rights specifically set forth in this Subscription and disclosed in the SEC Reports, Purchaser represents, warrants
and agrees that the Company and the officers of the Company (the Company s Officers are under no obligation
to register or qualify the Securities under the Securities Act or under any state securities law, or to assist the undersigned in complying
with any exemption from registration and qualification. 

(h) 
 Purchaser represents that Purchaser meets the criteria for participation because: (i) Purchaser has a pre-existing personal or
business relationship with the Company or one or more of its partners, officers, directors or controlling persons; or (ii) by reason of
Purchaser s business or financial experience, or by reason of the business or financial experience of its financial advisors who
are unaffiliated with, and are not compensated, directly or indirectly, by the Company or any affiliate or selling agent of the Company,
Purchaser is capable of evaluating the risk and merits of an investment in the Securities and of protecting its own interests. 

(i) 
 Purchaser represents that Purchaser is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D under
the Securities Act and Purchaser has executed the Certificate of Accredited Investor Status, attached hereto as Exhibit C . 

(j) 
 Purchaser understands that the Units are illiquid and must be held indefinitely unless such Units are registered under the Securities
Act or an exemption from registration is available. Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser is familiar with Rule 144 of the rules and regulations
of the SEC, as amended, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act Rule 144 ), and that such Purchaser has been advised
that Rule 144 permits resales only under certain circumstances. Such Purchaser understands that to the extent that Rule 144 is not available,
such Purchaser will be unable to sell any Securities without either registration under the Securities Act or the existence of another
exemption from such registration requirement. Purchaser may not sell or dispose of the Units or utilize the Securities as collateral for
a loan. Purchaser must not purchase the Securities unless Purchaser has liquid assets sufficient to assure Purchaser that such purchase
will cause it no undue financial difficulties, and that Purchaser can still provide for current and possible personal contingencies, and
that the commitment herein for the Units, combined with other investments of Purchaser, is reasonable in relation to its net worth. 

Subscription Agreement 5 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

(k) 
 Other than with respect to the transactions contemplated herein, since the time that such Purchaser was first contacted by the
Company or any other person regarding the transactions contemplated hereby, neither the Purchaser nor, to the knowledge of such Purchaser,
any affiliate of such Purchaser which (i) had knowledge of the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) has or shares discretion relating
to such Purchaser s investments or trading or information concerning such Purchaser s investments, including in respect of
the Units and (iii) is subject to such Purchaser s review or input concerning such affiliate s investments or trading (collectively,
 Trading Affiliates has directly or indirectly, nor has any person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding
with such Purchaser or Trading Affiliate, effected or agreed to effect any transactions in the securities of the Company (including, without
limitation, any short sales involving the Company s securities). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser and/or
Trading Affiliate that is, individually or collectively, a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage
separate portions of such Purchaser s or Trading Affiliate s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of
the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser s or Trading Affiliate s
assets, the representation set forth above shall apply only with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager(s)
that have knowledge about the financing transaction contemplated by this Subscription. Other than to other persons party to this Subscription,
such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby
(including the existence and terms of such transactions). 

(l) 
 No person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Subscription, any valid right, interest or claim against
or upon the Company or any Purchaser for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding
entered into by or on behalf of such Purchaser. 

(m) Purchaser
has independently evaluated the merits of its decision to purchase Units, and hereby confirms that it has not relied on the advice
of any other Purchaser s business and/or legal counsel in making such decision. Purchaser understands that nothing in this
Subscription or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the
Units constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. Such Purchaser has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in
its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Units. 

(n) Purchaser
understands that the right to transfer the Securities will be restricted unless the transfer is not in violation of the Securities
Act or any other applicable state or foreign securities laws (including investment suitability standards), that the Company will not
consent to a transfer of the Securities unless the transferee represents that such transferee meets the financial suitability
standards required of an initial Purchaser, and that the Company has the right, in its absolute discretion, to refuse to consent to
such transfer. 

(o) 
 Purchaser has been advised to consult with its own attorney or attorneys regarding all legal matters concerning an investment in
the Company and the tax consequences of purchasing the Securities, and have done so, to the extent Purchaser considers necessary. 

(p) 
 Purchaser acknowledges that the tax consequences of investing in the Company will depend on particular circumstances, and neither
the Company, the Company s officers, any other investors, nor the partners, shareholders, members, directors, agents, officers,
directors, employees, affiliates or consultants of any of them, will be responsible or liable for the tax consequences to Purchaser of
an investment in the Company. Purchaser will look solely to and rely upon its own advisers with respect to the tax consequences of this
investment. 

Subscription Agreement 6 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

(q) 
 The Purchaser: (i) if a natural person, represents that the Purchaser has reached the age of 21 and has full authority, legal capacity
and competence to enter into, execute and deliver this Agreement and all other related agreements or certificates and to take all actions
required pursuant hereto and thereto and to carry out the provisions hereof and thereof, or (ii) if a corporation, partnership, or limited
liability company or partnership, or association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity, represents
that such entity was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Securities and such entity is duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the state of its organization. Purchaser is a bona fide resident and domiciliary of the state set
forth on the signature page of this Subscription and has no present intention to become a resident of any other state or jurisdiction. 

(r) 
 The Purchaser agrees to sell all Registrable Securities registered under the Registration Statement and sold in connection therewith,
in compliance with the plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement and any and all applicable prospectus delivery requirements. 

(s) 
 All information which Purchaser has provided to the Company concerning Purchaser, its financial position and its knowledge of financial
and business matters, and any information found in the Certificate of Accredited Investor Status, is truthful, accurate, correct, and
complete as of the date set forth herein. 

(t) Each Purchaser
shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, agents and employees, each
Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the
directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and
against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees)
and expenses (collectively, Losses ), as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon: (x) such
Purchaser s failure to comply with any applicable prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act through no fault of
the Company or (y) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any registration statement, any
prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any
omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the
case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading (i) to the
extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information so furnished in writing by
such Purchaser to the Company expressly for inclusion in such registration statement or such prospectus or (ii) to the extent, but
only to the extent, that such information relates to such Purchaser s proposed method of distribution of registrable
securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Purchaser expressly for use in a registration statement, such
prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or (iii) in the case such Purchaser uses an outdated, defective or otherwise
unavailable prospectus after the Company has notified such Purchaser in writing that the prospectus is outdated, defective or
otherwise unavailable for use by such Purchaser. In no event shall the liability of any selling Purchaser under this Section be
greater in amount than the dollar amount of the net proceeds received by such Purchaser upon the sale of the registrable securities
giving rise to such indemnification obligation. 

(u) 
 Each certificate or instrument representing securities issuable pursuant to this Agreement
will be endorsed with the following legend (or a substantially similar legend): 

THE SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS
THERE IS AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH ACT COVERING SUCH SECURITIES, THE TRANSFER IS MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144
PROMULGATED UNDER SUCH ACT OR THE COMPANY RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE HOLDER OF THESE SECURITIES WHICH IS REASONABLY SATISFACTORY
TO THE COMPANY, STATING THAT SUCH SALE, TRANSFER, ASSIGNMENT OR HYPOTHECATION IS EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY
REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH ACT. 

(v) 
 Purchaser understands that the Units are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration
requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth and accuracy of,
and such Purchaser s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgements and understandings of such Purchaser
set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of such Purchaser to acquire the Units. 

Subscription Agreement 7 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

(w) Purchaser
understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any
recommendation or endorsement of the Units or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Units nor have such authorities
passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Units. 

(x) 
 Purchaser is aware that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of Common Stock and
other activities with respect to the Common Stock by the Purchaser. 

(y) 
 Purchaser confirms and acknowledges that this is a best efforts offering, and that the initial Closing will not occur
until the Minimum Offering Amount has been raised. 

3. Representations
and Warranties by the Company. The Company represents and warrants that: 

(a) 
 Due Formation . The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its formation and has the requisite corporate power to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted.
The Company is duly qualified as a foreign entity to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the nature of the
business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, other than those jurisdictions in which the failure to
so qualify would not have a material adverse effect on the business, operations or financial condition of the Company. 

(b) 
 Authority; Enforceability . This Subscription and the Warrants delivered together with this Subscription or in connection
herewith have been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by the Company and are valid and binding agreements, enforceable in accordance
with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium, and similar laws of general applicability
relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and to general principles of equity; and the Company has full corporate power and
authority necessary to enter into this Subscription and the Warrants, and to perform its obligations hereunder and under all other agreements
entered into by the Company relating hereto. 

(c) 
 No General Solicitation . Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor to its knowledge, any person acting on its
or their behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the
Securities Act) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities. 

(d) 
 Governmental Consents . No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, qualification, designation, declaration
or filing with, any federal, state or local governmental authority on the part of the Company is required in connection with the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Subscription, except for filings pursuant to applicable state securities laws, and Regulation
D of the Securities Act. 

(e) Litigation .
There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the Company s knowledge, currently threatened against the
Company or any of its majority-owned or any controlled subsidiaries that questions the validity of this Subscription or the right of
the Company to enter into it, or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. Neither the Company nor any of its
majority-owned or any controlled subsidiaries is a party or subject to the provisions of any order, writ, injunction, judgment or
decree of any court or government agency or instrumentality. There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation by the Company or
any of its majority-owned or any controlled subsidiaries currently pending or which the Company or any of its majority-owned or any
controlled subsidiaries intends to initiate. The foregoing includes, without limitation, actions, suits, proceedings or
investigations pending or threatened in writing (or any basis therefor known to the Company) involving the prior employment of any
of the Company s employees, their use in connection with the Company s business, or any information or techniques
allegedly proprietary to any of their former employers, or their obligations under any agreements with prior employers. 

Subscription Agreement 8 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

(f) 
 Permits . The Company and each of its majority-owned or any controlled subsidiaries has all franchises, permits, licenses
and any similar authority necessary for the conduct of its business, the lack of which could materially and adversely affect the business,
properties, prospects, or financial condition of the Company. The Company is not in default in any material respect under any of such
franchises, permits, licenses or other similar authority. 

(g) 
 No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Subscription and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Securities) do not and will not (i) conflict
with or violate any provisions of the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws or otherwise result in a violation of the
organizational documents of the Company, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or
both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or give to
others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any contract
or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and the rules and
regulations, assuming the correctness of the representations and warranties made by the Purchasers herein, of any self-regulatory organization
to which the Company or its securities are subject, including OTC Markets LLC, or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound
or affected). 

(h) 
 Issuance of the Securities . The Securities have been duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the
terms of the Subscription, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free and clear of all liens suffered or permitted
by the Company, other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Subscription or imposed by applicable securities laws, and shall
not be subject to preemptive or similar rights. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in this
Subscription, the Securities will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws. 

(i) Capitalization .
The number of shares and type of all authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock, options and other securities of the Company
(whether or not presently convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company) has been set
forth in the SEC Reports and may change thereafter to reflect stock issuances, convertible debt conversions, stock option exercises
and grants and warrant exercises which will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the issued and
outstanding capital stock, options and other securities of the Company. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, have been issued in compliance in all material respects
with all applicable federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive
rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports: (i)
no shares of the Company s capital stock are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or any liens suffered or
permitted by the Company; (ii) except for the Subscription or as a result of the performance by the Company of the Subscription,
there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating
to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares of capital stock of the Company, or
contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares of
capital stock of the Company or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever
relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares of capital stock of the
Company; (iii) there are no outstanding debt securities, notes, credit agreements, credit facilities or other agreements, documents
or instruments evidencing indebtedness of the Company or by which the Company is or may become bound in any material amounts; (iv)
there are no financing statements securing obligations in any material amounts, either singly or in the aggregate, filed in
connection with the Company; (v) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company is obligated to register the sale
of any of their securities under the Securities Act; (vi) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or which
contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the
Company is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company; (vii) there are no securities or instruments containing
anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities; (viii) the Company does not have any
stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement; and (ix) the Company
has no liabilities or obligations required to be disclosed in the SEC Reports (including, for purposes hereof, any liabilities that
are required to be disclosed in a Form 10) but not so disclosed in the SEC Reports. 

Subscription Agreement 9 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

(j) 
 SEC Reports . The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by
it under the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for twelve (12) months preceding and including the date
hereof. As of the date hereof, the Company has no knowledge of any event occurring on or prior to the Closing Date (other than the transactions
contemplated by the Subscription) that requires the filing of a Current Report on Form 8-K after the Closing. 

(k) 
 Financial Statements . The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing.
Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, except
as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not
contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company taken as a whole
as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal, year-end audit adjustments. 

(l) 
 Tax Matters . The Company (i) has prepared and filed all foreign, federal and state income and all other tax returns, reports
and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges
that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in
good faith, with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside on the books of the Company and (iii) has set aside on its books
provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations
apply. 

(m) Material
Changes . Since the date of the latest financial statements included within the SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in
the SEC Reports, (i) there have been no events, occurrences or developments that have had or would reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on the Company, (ii) the Company has not incurred any material liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other
than (A) trade payables, accrued expenses and other liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company s financial statements pursuant to GAAP or to be
disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not materially altered its method of accounting or the manner
in which it keeps its accounting books and records, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash
or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital
stock (other than in connection with repurchases of unvested stock issued to employees of the Company), (v) the Company has not
issued any equity securities to any officer, director or affiliate, except stock options and restricted stock issued to newly hired
and promoted officers in the ordinary course pursuant to Company stock option or stock purchase plans or executive and director
corporate arrangements disclosed in the SEC Reports and (vi) there has not been any material change or amendment to, or any waiver
of any material right under, any contract under which the Company or any of its assets is bound or subject. Except for the issuance
of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability or development has occurred or exists with respect to the
Company or its business, properties, operations or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under
applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made that has not been publicly disclosed in the SEC Reports. 

Subscription Agreement 10 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

(n) 
 Environmental Matters . The Company (i) is not in violation of any statute, rule, regulation, decision or order of any governmental
agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, relating to the use, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or relating
to the protection or restoration of the environment or human exposure to hazardous or toxic substances (collectively, Environmental
Laws which would have a material adverse effect on the business, operations or financial condition of the Company, (ii) does
not own or operate any real property contaminated with any substance that is in violation of any Environmental Laws, (iii) is not liable
for any off-site disposal or contamination pursuant to any Environmental Laws, and (iv) is not subject to any claim relating to any Environmental
Laws; and there is no pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened investigation that might lead to such a claim. 

(o) 
 Litigation . There is no action which adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of
the Subscription or the Securities. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no pending actions, suits or proceedings against
or affecting the Company or any of its properties; and to the Company s knowledge, no such actions, suits or proceedings are threatened
or contemplated against the Company. 

(p) 
 Employment Matters . No material labor dispute exists or, to the Company s knowledge, is imminent with respect to any
of the employees of the Company. None of the Company s employees is a member of a union that relates to such employee s relationship
with the Company, and the Company is not a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company believes that its relationship
with its employees is good. 

(q) 
 Compliance . Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company (i) is not in default under or in violation of (and no event
has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company), nor has the
Company received written notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other significant contract (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is not in violation of any order of
any court, arbitrator or governmental body having jurisdiction over the Company or its properties or assets. 

(r) Title to
Assets . The Company has good and marketable title to all tangible personal property owned by it which is material to the
business of the Company. The Company does not own any real property in fee simple, except for interests in oil or gas properties
that may be deemed real property under state law. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company holds defensible title to the
leasehold and other real property interests held by it (the Real Property ), in each case, free and clear
of all liens other than the Encumbrances. Encumbrances means: (a) statutory liens of landlords, banks
(and rights of set off), carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, repairmen, workmen, materialmen, vendors and other similar liens arising
in the ordinary course of business for amounts not yet overdue or for amounts that are overdue and that are being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings; (b) liens for taxes, assessments, or other governmental charges or levies and other liens imposed
by law, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice for amounts not yet overdue or being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; (c) the terms and conditions of all liens created by oil and gas leases,
easements, rights of way, restrictions, encroachments, and all other burdens recorded in the real property records of the county in
which the real property is located; (d) liens to operators and non-operators under model form operating agreements arising in the
ordinary course of the business; (e) liens arising from precautionary UCC filings; (f) lease burdens existing as of the date of this
agreement constituting monetary obligations payable to third parties, including, without limitation, any royalty, overriding
royalty, net profits interest, production payment, carried interest or reversionary working interest; (g) liens arising under
unitization and pooling agreements and orders, farmout agreements, gas balancing agreements and other customary agreements in the
energy industry; and (h) the lien under Deed of Trust filed in Texas in connection with the SOHL Note, as defined below. Any real
property and facilities held under lease by the Company are held by it under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such
exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made of such property and buildings by the Company. 

Subscription Agreement 11 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

(s) 
 Intellectual Property . To the Company s knowledge, the Company owns, possesses, licenses or has other rights to use
all foreign and domestic patents, patent applications, trade and service marks, trade and service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights,
licenses, inventions, trade secrets, technology and other proprietary rights and processes (collectively, the Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its businesses as now conducted. To the Company s knowledge (i) the Company s use of any such
Intellectual Property in the conduct of its business as presently conducted does not infringe upon the rights of any third parties; (ii)
there is no infringement by third parties of any such Intellectual Property; (iii) there is no pending or threatened action challenging
the Company s rights in or to any such Intellectual Property; (iv) there is no pending or threatened action challenging the validity
or scope of any such Intellectual Property; and (v) there is no pending or threatened action that the Company infringes or otherwise violates
any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others. 

(t) 
 Insurance . The Company is insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in
such amounts as the Company believes to be prudent in the businesses and locations in which the Company is engaged. The Company has not
received any notice of cancellation of any such insurance, nor does the Company have any knowledge that it will be unable to renew its
existing insurance coverage for the Company as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may
be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost. 

(u) 
 Transactions With Officers, Directors and Employees . Other than as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or
directors of the Company and, to the Company s knowledge, none of the employees of the Company, is presently a party to any transaction
with the Company or to a presently contemplated transaction (other than for services as employees, officers and directors) that would
be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act, except as contemplated by the
Subscription or set forth in the SEC Reports. 

(v) 
 Certain Fees . No person or entity will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any valid
right, interest or claim against or upon the Company or a Purchaser for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement,
arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of the Company. The Company shall indemnify, pay, and hold each Purchaser harmless
against, any liability, loss or expense (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection
with any such right, interest or claim. 

(w) 
 Private Placement . Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth this Subscription
(without giving effect to any materiality qualifiers therein) and the accuracy of the information disclosed by each Purchaser s
Certificate of Accredited Investor Status, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities
by the Company to the Purchasers under the Subscription. 

(x) 
 Registration Rights . Other than each of the Purchasers, no person has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration
under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company. 

(y) 
 No Directed Selling Efforts or General Solicitation . Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any person acting on its
behalf has conducted any general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Regulation
D) in connection with the offer or sale of any of the Securities. 

Subscription Agreement 12 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

(z) 
 No Integrated Offering . Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in the Subscription
(without giving effect to any materiality qualifiers therein), except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any Person
acting on its behalf has, directly or indirectly, at any time within the past six (6) months, made any offers or sales of any Company
security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would (i) eliminate the availability of the exemption from
registration under Regulation D under the Securities Act in connection with the offer and sale by the Company of the Securities as contemplated
hereby or (ii) cause the offering of the Securities pursuant to the Subscription to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company
for purposes of any applicable law, regulation or shareholder approval provisions, including, without limitation, under the rules and
regulations of the NYSE MKT. 

(aa) 
 Investment Company . The Company is not required to be registered as, and is not an affiliate of, and immediately 
following the Closing will not be required to register as, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended. 

(bb) 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements . There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company and an unconsolidated
or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its SEC Reports and is not so disclosed. 

(cc) 
 Acknowledgment Regarding the Purchasers Purchase of Securities . The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of
the Purchasers is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length Purchaser with respect to the Subscription and the transactions
contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company
(or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Subscription and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser
or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Subscription and the transactions contemplated thereby is
merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. 

(dd) 
 Foreign Corrupt Practices . Neither the Company, nor to the Company s knowledge, any agent or other person acting
on behalf of the Company, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful
expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials
or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution
made by the Company (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated
in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

(ee) 
 No Additional Agreements . The Company does not have any agreement or understanding with any Purchaser with respect to the
transactions contemplated by the Subscription other than as specified in the Subscription. 

Subscription Agreement 13 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

4. 
 Other Agreements. 

(a) 
 Transfer Restrictions. 

(i) 
 Compliance with Laws . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Subscription, each Purchaser acknowledges and covenants
that the Securities may be disposed of only pursuant to an effective registration statement under, and in compliance with the requirements
of, the Securities Act, or pursuant to an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements
of the Securities Act, and in compliance with any applicable state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of the
Securities other than (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement, (ii) to the Company, (iii) to an affiliate of a Purchaser,
(iv) pursuant to Rule 144 provided that the Purchaser provides the Company with reasonable assurances (in the form of seller and
broker representation letters if required) that the securities may be sold pursuant to such rule) or Rule 144A, (v) pursuant to Rule 144
without the requirement that the Company be in compliance with the current public information requirements of Rule 144 and without other
restriction following the applicable holding period or (vi) in connection with a bona fide pledge, the Company may require the transferor
thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form
and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration
of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be
bound by the terms of this Subscription and shall have the rights of a Purchaser under this Subscription. 

(ii) Removal of
Legends . Subject to the Company s right to request an opinion of counsel as set forth in Section 4(a)(i), the legend set
forth in Section 2(u) above shall be removable and the Company shall issue or cause to be issued a certificate without such legend
or any other legend to the holder of the applicable Shares upon which it is stamped or issue or cause to be issued to such holder by
electronic delivery at the applicable balance account at The Depository Trust Company DTC as provided
in this Section 4(a)(ii), if (i) such Securities are registered for resale under the Securities Act (provided that, if the Purchaser
is selling pursuant to the effective registration statement registering the Securities for resale, the Purchaser agrees to only sell
such Securities during such time that such registration statement is effective and not withdrawn or suspended, and only as permitted
by such registration statement), (ii) such Securities are sold or transferred in compliance with Rule 144, including without
limitation in compliance with the current public information requirements of Rule 144 if applicable to the Company at the time of
such sale or transfer, and the holder and its broker have delivered customary documents reasonably requested by the Company Counsel
in connection with such sale or transfer, or (iii) such Securities are eligible for sale under Rule 144 without the requirement that
the Company be in compliance with the current public information requirements of Rule 144 and without other restriction and Company
Counsel has provided written confirmation of such eligibility to the Company s transfer agent, (the Transfer
Agent ). Any fees (with respect to the Transfer Agent, Company Counsel or otherwise) associated with the removal of such
legend shall be borne by the Company. Following the effective date of the applicable registration statement, or at such other time
as a legend is no longer required for certain Securities, the Company will no later than three (3) Trading Days following the
delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent (with concurrent notice and delivery of copies to the Company) of a
legended certificate representing such Shares (endorsed or with stock powers attached, signatures guaranteed, and otherwise in form
necessary to affect the reissuance and/or transfer, and together with such other customary documents as the Transfer Agent and/or
Company Counsel shall reasonably request), deliver or cause to be delivered to the transferee of such Purchaser or such Purchaser,
as applicable, a certificate representing such Securities that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not
make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in
this Section 4(a). Certificates for Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the
Purchasers, as applicable, by crediting the account of the transferee s Purchaser s prime broker with DTC. 

(iii) 
 Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions . The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its Transfer Agent, and any
subsequent Transfer Agent, in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions ).
The Company represents and warrants that no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions or instructions consistent
therewith or otherwise contemplated hereby or thereby or by the Subscription or such other documents as the Transfer Agent may request
in connection with any such instructions will be given by the Company to its Transfer Agent in connection with this Subscription, and
that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in and
subject to the terms of this Subscription and applicable law. 

Subscription Agreement 14 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

(iv) 
 Acknowledgement . Each Purchaser hereunder acknowledges its primary responsibilities under the Securities Act and accordingly
will not sell or otherwise transfer the Shares or any interest therein without complying with the requirements of the Securities Act.
While the applicable Registration Statement remains effective, each Purchaser hereunder may sell the Shares in accordance with the plan
of distribution contained in the applicable Registration Statement and, if it does so, it will comply therewith and with the related prospectus
delivery requirements unless an exemption therefrom is available. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers,
agrees that if it is notified by the Company in writing at any time that the Registration Statement registering the resale of the Shares
is not effective or that the prospectus included in such Registration Statement no longer complies with the requirements of Section 10
of the Securities Act, the Purchaser will refrain from selling such Shares until such time as the Purchaser is notified by the Company
that such Registration Statement is effective or such prospectus is compliant with Section 10 of the Securities Act, unless such Purchaser
is able to, and does, sell such Shares pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities
Act. Each Purchaser acknowledges that the delivery of the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions and any removal of any legends from
certificates representing the Shares as set forth in this Section 4(a) is predicated on the Company s reliance upon the Purchaser s
acknowledgement in this Section 4(a). 

(b) 
 Acknowledgment of Dilution . The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Company specifically acknowledges that its obligation to issue the Warrant Shares upon exercise
of the Warrants, in accordance with its terms, is binding upon the Company and enforceable regardless of the dilution such issuance may
have on the ownership interest of other stockholders of the Company or parties entitled to receive equity of the Company. 

(c) 
 Furnishing of Information . In order to enable the Purchasers to sell the Securities under Rule 144 of the Securities Act,
for a period of one year from the Closing Date, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions
in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof
pursuant to the Exchange Act. During such one year period, if the Company is not required to file reports pursuant to such laws, it will
prepare and furnish to the Purchasers and make publicly available in accordance with Rule 144(c) such information as is required for the
Purchasers to sell the Shares under Rule 144. 

(d) 
 Form D and Blue Sky . The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation
D and to provide a copy thereof to each Purchaser who requests a copy in writing promptly after such filing. The Company shall take such
action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to qualify the Securities for sale to the Purchasers at the Closing
pursuant to this Subscription under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain
an exemption from such qualification), which, subject to the accuracy of the Company s and the Purchaser s representations
and warranties set forth herein, shall consist of the submission of all filings and reports relating to the offer and sale of the Securities
pursuant to Rule 506 of Regulation D required under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States
following the Closing Date, and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Purchasers who request in writing such evidence. 

Subscription Agreement 15 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

(e) 
 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity . Within the time required by the Exchange Act, the Company will file a Current Report
on Form 8-K with the SEC describing the terms of the Subscription (and including as exhibits to such Current Report on Form 8-K the Subscription).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser
in any press release or filing with the SEC (other than the Registration Statement) or any regulatory agency or OTC Markets, LLC, without
the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (i) as required by federal securities law in connection with (A) any registration
statement contemplated by the Subscription and (B) the filing of final Subscription (including signature pages thereto) with the SEC or
(ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by law, request of the Staff of the SEC or OTC Markets, LLC regulations, in which case
the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior written notice of such disclosure permitted under this subclause (ii). From and after
the issuance of the Form 8-K, no Purchaser shall be in possession of any material, non-public information received from the Company or
any of its respective officers, directors, employees or agents, that is not disclosed in the Form 8-K unless a Purchaser shall have executed
a written agreement regarding the confidentiality and use of such information. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other
Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company as
described in this Section 4(f) such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with such
transactions (including the existence and terms of such transactions). 

(f) Non-Public
Information . Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Subscription, the
Company shall not and shall cause each of its officers, directors, employees and agents, not to, provide any Purchaser with any
information the Company believes is material, non-public information regarding the Company without the express written consent of
such Purchaser, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have executed a written agreement regarding the confidentiality and use of
such information. 

(g) 
 Indemnification . 

(i) 
 Indemnification of the Purchasers . Subject to this Section 4(h), the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and
its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other persons with a functionally equivalent role
of a person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each person who controls such Purchaser (within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents,
members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling Person (each, a Purchaser Party harmless from any and
all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements,
court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur, as a result
of or relating to third party claims against such Purchaser relating to any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements made by the Company in this Subscription, provided that such a claim for indemnification relating to any breach of
any of the representations or warranties made by the Company in this Agreement is made within one (1) year from the Closing. The Company
will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability
is attributable to any Purchaser Party s breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such
Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Subscription or such Purchaser Party s bad faith, fraud or willful misconduct. 

Subscription Agreement 16 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

(ii) Conduct of
Indemnification Proceedings . Promptly after receipt by any Person (the Indemnified Person of notice
of any demand, claim or circumstances which would or might give rise to a claim or the commencement of any action, proceeding or
investigation in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to Section 4(h)(i), such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify
the Company in writing and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel
reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person and the assumption of the payment of all fees and expenses; provided,
however , that the failure of any Indemnified Person so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of its obligations
hereunder except to the extent that the Company is actually and materially prejudiced by such failure to notify. In any such
proceeding, any Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall
be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Company and the Indemnified Person shall have mutually agreed to the
retention of such counsel; (ii) the Company shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such proceeding and to employ
counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person in such proceeding; or (iii) in the reasonable judgment of counsel to
such Indemnified Person and counsel to the Company, representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to
actual or potential differing interests between them, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and
expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected
without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. Without the prior written
consent of the Indemnified Person, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, the Company shall not
effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Person is a party, unless such
settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person from all liability arising out of such Proceeding. 

(h) 
 Dispositions and Confidentiality After The Date Hereof . Each Purchaser shall not, and shall cause its Trading Affiliates
not to, prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement: (a) sell, offer to sell, solicit offers to buy, dispose of, loan, pledge
or grant any right with respect to (collectively, a Disposition the Securities; or (b) engage in any hedging or
other transaction which is designed or could reasonably be expected to lead to or result in a Disposition of the Securities by such Purchaser
or an affiliate of the Purchaser, except, in each case, for Dispositions pursuant to an available exemption from, or in a transaction
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in compliance with any applicable state and federal securities
laws. In addition, the Purchaser agrees that for so long as it owns any Common Stock, it will not enter into any Short Sale (as such term
is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO) of Shares executed at a time when the Purchaser has no equivalent offsetting long position in
the Common Stock. For purposes of determining whether the Purchaser has an equivalent offsetting long position in the Common Stock, shares
that the Purchaser is entitled to receive within sixty (60) days (whether pursuant to contract or upon conversion or exercise of convertible
securities) will be included as if held long by the Purchaser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser s assets and the portfolio managers
have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser s
assets, the representation set forth above shall apply only with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that
have knowledge about the financing transaction contemplated by this Agreement. Each Purchaser understands and acknowledges, severally
and not jointly with any other Purchaser, that the SEC currently takes the position that covering a short position established prior to
effectiveness of a resale registration statement with shares included in such registration statement would be a violation of Section 5
of the Securities Act, as set forth in Division of Corporation Financing Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 239.10 regarding short
selling. 

5. 
 Adjustment in Share Numbers and Prices. In the event of any stock split, subdivision, dividend or distribution payable in shares
of Common Stock (or other securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly shares
of Common Stock), combination or other similar recapitalization or event occurring after the date hereof and prior to the Closing Date,
each reference in the Subscription to a number of shares or price per share shall be deemed to be amended to appropriately account for
such event. 

6. 
 Subscription Binding on Heirs, etc. This Subscription, upon acceptance by the Company, shall be binding upon the heirs, executors,
administrators, successors and assigns of the Purchaser. If the undersigned is more than one person, the obligations of the undersigned
shall be joint and several and the representations and warranties shall be deemed to be made by and be binding on each such person and
his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns. 

7. 
 Execution Authorized. If this Subscription is executed on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, the
undersigned has been duly authorized and empowered to legally represent such entity and to execute this Subscription and all other instruments
in connection with the Shares and the signature of the person is binding upon such entity. 

Subscription Agreement 17 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

8. 
 Adoption of Terms and Provisions. The Purchaser hereby adopts, accepts and agrees to be bound by all the terms and provisions
hereof. 

9. 
 Governing Law. This Subscription shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 

10. 
 Dispute Resolution. In the event of any dispute arising out of or relating to this Subscription, then such dispute shall be
submitted to binding arbitration with the New York, New York branch of the American Arbitration Association AAA to be governed by AAA s Commercial Rules of Arbitration (the AAA Rules and heard before one arbitrator. The
parties shall attempt to mutually select the arbitrator. In the event they are unable to mutually agree, the arbitrator shall be selected
by the procedures prescribed by the AAA Rules. Notwithstanding anything in the AAA Rules to the contrary, discovery shall be limited exclusively
to the mutual production of documents, and written submissions to the arbitrator shall be limited to one brief from each party and one
responsive brief from each party. 

11. 
 Construction . When used in this Subscription and the Warrants, unless a contrary intention appears: (i) a term has the meaning
assigned to it; (ii) or is not exclusive; (iii) including means including without limitation;
(iv) words in the singular include the plural and words in the plural include the singular, and words importing the masculine gender include
the feminine and neuter genders; (v) any agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein or in any instrument or certificate
delivered in connection herewith means such agreement, instrument or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented and
includes (in the case of agreements or instruments) references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein; (vi) the
words hereof , herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used
in this Subscription shall refer to this Subscription as a whole and not to any particular provision hereof; (vii) references contained
herein to Article, Section, Schedule and Exhibit, as applicable, are references to Articles, Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in this
Subscription unless otherwise specified; (viii) references to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other
means of reproducing words in a visible form, including, but not limited to email; (ix) references to dollars , Dollars 
or in this Subscription shall mean United States dollars; (x) reference to a particular statute, regulation or
Law means such statute, regulation or Law as amended or otherwise modified from time to time; (xi) any definition of or reference to any
agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from
time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications
set forth herein); (xii) unless otherwise stated in this Subscription, in the computation of a period of time from a specified date to
a later specified date, the word from means from and including and the words to 
and until each mean to but excluding (xiii) references to days shall mean
calendar days; and (xiv) the paragraph headings contained in this Subscription are for convenience only, and shall in no manner be construed
as part of this Subscription. 

12. 
 Review of Document; Arm s Length Transaction . Each party herein expressly represents and warrants to all other parties
hereto that (a) before executing this Subscription, said party has fully informed itself of the terms, contents, conditions and effects
of this Subscription; (b) said party has relied solely and completely upon its own judgment in executing this Subscription; (c) said party
has had the opportunity to seek and has obtained the advice of its own legal, tax and business advisors before executing this Subscription;
(d) said party has acted voluntarily and of its own free will in executing this Subscription; and (e) this Subscription is the result
of arm s length negotiations conducted by and among the parties and their respective counsel. 

13. Counterparts .
This Subscription and any signed agreement or instrument entered into in connection with this Subscription, and any amendments
hereto or thereto, may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any such
counterpart, to the extent delivered by means of a facsimile machine or by .pdf, .tif, .gif, .peg or similar attachment to
electronic mail (any such delivery, an Electronic Delivery shall be treated in all manner and respects as an
original executed counterpart and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed
version thereof delivered in person. At the request of any party, each other party shall re execute the original form of this
Subscription and deliver such form to all other parties. No party shall raise the use of Electronic Delivery to deliver a signature
or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of Electronic Delivery as
a defense to the formation of a contract, and each such party forever waives any such defense, except to the extent such defense
relates to lack of authenticity. 

Subscription Agreement 18 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

14. 
 Investor Information: (This must be consistent with the form of ownership selected below and the information provided in the
Certificate of Accredited Investor Status Exhibit B , included herewith.) 

Name (please print): _______________________________________________________________________ 

If entity named above, By:___________________________________________________________________ 

 Its:___________________________________________________________________ 

Social Security or Taxpayer I.D. Number:________________________________________________________ 

Business Address (including zip code):_________________________________________________________ 

 _______________________________________________________________________________________ 

Business Phone: __________________________________________________________________________ 

Residence Address (including zip code):_________________________________________________________ 

________________________________________________________________________________________ 

Email Address:_____________________________________________________________________________ 

Residence Phone:___________________________________________________________________________ 

All communications to be sent to: 

__________ Business or ______ Residence
Address ________ Email 

Please indicate below the form in which you will
hold title to your interest in the Units. PLEASE CONSIDER CAREFULLY. ONCE YOUR SUBSCRIPTION IS ACCEPTED, A CHANGE IN THE FORM OF TITLE
CONSTITUTES A TRANSFER OF THE INTEREST IN THE SHARES AND/OR WARRANTS AND MAY THEREFORE BE RESTRICTED BY THE TERMS OF THIS SUBSCRIPTION
OR APPLICABLE LAW, AND MAY RESULT IN ADDITIONAL COSTS TO YOU. Purchasers should seek the advice of their attorneys in deciding in which
of the forms they should take ownership of the interest in the Units, because different forms of ownership can have varying gift tax,
estate tax, income tax, and other consequences, depending on the state of the investor s domicile and his or her particular personal circumstances. 

______ INDIVIDUAL OWNERSHIP (one signature
required) 

______ JOINT TENANTS WITH RIGHT OF
SURVIVORSHIP AND NOT AS TENANTS IN COMMON (both or all parties must sign) 

______ COMMUNITY PROPERTY (one signature
required if interest held in one name, i.e., managing spouse; two signatures required if interest held in both names) 

______ TENANTS IN COMMON (both or all
parties must sign) 

______ GENERAL PARTNERSHIP (fill out all
documents in the name of the PARTNERSHIP, by a PARTNER authorized to sign) 

______ LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (fill out all
documents in the name of the LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, by a GENERAL PARTNER authorized to sign) 

______ LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY (fill out
all documents in the name of the LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, by a member authorized to sign) 

______ CORPORATION (fill out all documents
in the name of the CORPORATION, by the President or other officer authorized to sign) 

______ TRUST (fill out all documents in the name
of the TRUST, by the Trustee, and include a copy of the instrument creating the trust and any other documents necessary to show the investment
by the Trustee is authorized. The date of the trust must appear on the Notarial where indicated.) 

Subscription Agreement 19 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

Subject
to acceptance by the Company, the undersigned has completed this Subscription Agreement to evidence his/her/its subscription for the purchase
of Securities of the Company, this _______ day of _____, 2023. 

PURCHASER 

(Signature 

By: 

If Entity, Entity Name: 

Its: 

The Company has accepted this subscription this
____ day of _____, 2023 

COMPANY 

GENERATION HEMP, INC., 

a Delaware corporation 

By: 

Gary C. Evans 

Chairman and CEO 

Address for notice: 

Generation Hemp, Inc. 

8533 Midway Road 

Dallas, Texas 75209 

Attn: gevans@genhempinc.com 

Subscription Agreement 20 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

Schedule 1 

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS 

Beneficiary: Generation Hemp, Inc. 

 Beneficiary Address: 8533 Midway Road, Dallas TX 75209-1711 

Truist Bank 

 200 W. 2 nd Street 

 Winston Salem NC 27101 

State and Routing Number: TX 111017694 

 Account #: 1440002048713 

For International Wire: 

 Swift Code: BRBTUS33 

Bank Contact: 

 Adam Wilkinson 

 325-374-7664 

Subscription Agreement 21 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

Exhibit A 

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION 

 OF RIGHTS, PREFERENCES AND LIMITATIONS OF THE 

 SERIES C REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

 OF 

 GENERATION HEMP, INC 

Subscription Agreement 22 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

Exhibit B 

Form of Warrant 

Subscription Agreement 23 Generation Hemp, Inc. 

Exhibit C 

CERTIFICATE OF ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS 

Except as may be indicated
by the undersigned below, the undersigned is an accredited investor, as that term is defined in Regulation D under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The undersigned has initialed the box below indicating the basis on
which he is representing his status as an accredited investor : 

______ a bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2)
of the Securities Act, or any savings and loan association or other institution as defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities Act
whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity; a broker or dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Securities Exchange Act ); an insurance company as defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities
Act; an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a business development company as defined in Section
2(a)(48) of that Act; a small business investment company licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration under Section 301(c) or (d)
of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958; a plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or any agency
or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees, and such plan has total assets in excess
of 5,000,000; an employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, if the investment decision
is made by a plan fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, savings and loan association, insurance
company, or registered investment adviser, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of 5,000,000 or, if a self-directed
plan, with investment decisions made solely by persons that are accredited investors 

____ a private business development company
as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940; 

____ an organization described in Section 501(c)(3)
of the Internal Revenue Code, corporation, Massachusetts or similar business trust, or partnership, not formed for the specific purpose
of acquiring the securities offered, with total assets in excess of 5,000,000; 

____ a natural person whose individual net
worth, or joint net worth with the undersigned s spouse, at the time of this purchase exceeds 1,000,000. For purposes of this item,
 net worth means the excess of total assets at fair market value (including personal and real property, but excluding the estimated
fair market value of a person s primary home) over total liabilities. Total liabilities excludes any mortgage on the primary home in an
amount of up to the home s estimated fair market value as long as the mortgage was incurred more than 60 days before the Securities are
purchased, but includes (i) any mortgage amount in excess of the home s fair market value and (ii) any mortgage amount that was borrowed
during the 60-day period before the closing date for the sale of Securities for the purpose of investing in the Securities; 

____ a natural person who had an individual
income in excess of 200,000 in each of the two most recent years or joint income with the undersigned s spouse in excess of 300,000
in each of those years and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year; 

____ a trust with total assets in excess of
 5,000,000, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, whose purchase is directed by a person who has such
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that he is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment; 

____ an entity in which all of the equity holders
are accredited investors by virtue of their meeting one or more of the above standards; or 

____ an individual who is a director or executive
officer of Generation Hemp, Inc. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate of
Accredited Investor Status effective as of __________________, 2023. 

Name: 

By: 

Signature 

Printed Name of Signatory (if entity): 

Title: 

(required for any stockholder that is a corporation, partnership,
trust or other entity) 

Exhibit D 

FORM
OF IRREVOCABLE TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS 

As of _____________, 2023 

__________________________ 

Attn: _____________ 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is made to those
certain Subscription Agreements, dated as of _____________, 2023 (collectively, the Agreement ), by and among
Generation Hemp, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the purchasers named on the signature pages thereto
(collectively, and including permitted transferees, the Holders ), pursuant to which the Company is issuing to the
Holders units (the Units comprised of (i) one share of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series
C Preferred Stock or the Shares and (ii) 5,000 warrants (the Warrant to purchase
one share of common stock of the Company (the Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.50 per share (the Warrant
Shares ). 

This letter shall serve as
our irrevocable authorization and direction to you (provided that you are the transfer agent of the Company at such time and the conditions
set forth in this letter are satisfied), subject to any stop transfer instructions that we may issue to you from time to time, if any,
to (i) issue, promptly following the date hereof, certificates representing the Shares (or the Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrants)
bearing the legend set forth herein below, in the names of the Holders and the number of Shares (or Warrant Shares, if applicable) as
set forth in the attachments delivered herewith, and to deliver such certificates within six (6) business days after the date hereof to
the address for each such Holder as set forth on such attachments delivered herewith, and (ii) issue certificates representing shares
of Common Stock upon conversion of the Shares (or Warrant Shares, if applicable), which certificates shall or shall not bear the legend
set forth herein below as described below. 

You acknowledge and agree that
so long as you have received (a) written confirmation from the Company s legal counsel that a registration statement covering resales
of the Shares (or Warrant Shares, if applicable) has been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), a copy of such registration statement and any
other documents reasonably requested by you from the applicable Holder (and provided that you have not received written instruction from
the Company or its legal counsel that such registration statement has been suspended or is no longer effective), (b) written confirmation
from the Company s legal counsel that the Shares (or Warrant Shares, if applicable) are eligible for sale in conformity with Rule
144 under the Securities Act Rule 144 and customary documentation from a Holder and its broker with respect to a sale
pursuant to Rule 144, or (c) written confirmation from the Company s legal counsel that the Shares (or Warrant Shares, if applicable)
are eligible for sale without the requirement that the Company be in compliance with the current public information requirements of Rule
144 and without other restriction in conformity with Rule 144, then, unless otherwise required by law, within three (3) business days
of your receipt of certificate of Common Stock and documentation required pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above, as applicable, or a request
from a Holder for the issuance of an unlegended certificate in the event that you have received the written confirmation set forth in
clause (c) above, you shall issue the certificates representing the Shares (or Warrant Shares, if applicable) registered in the names
of the purchaser of such Shares or the Holder, as the case may be, and such certificates shall not bear any legend restricting transfer
of the Shares (or Warrant Shares, if applicable) thereby and should not be subject to any stop-transfer restriction. 

All certificates representing
the Shares (or Warrant Shares, if applicable) issued pursuant to the instruction set forth in clause (i) of the second paragraph of this
letter shall bear the following legend (and, solely to the extent instructed to you by the Company or its legal counsel, a customary affiliates 
legend), and, in the event that you have not received the documentation required pursuant to clause (a), (b) or (c) of the immediately
preceding paragraph, then the certificates representing any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the instruction set forth in clause
(ii) of the second paragraph of this letter shall bear the following legend: 

THE SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS
THERE IS AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH ACT COVERING SUCH SECURITIES, THE TRANSFER IS MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144
PROMULGATED UNDER SUCH ACT OR THE COMPANY RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE HOLDER OF THESE SECURITIES WHICH IS REASONABLY SATISFACTORY
TO THE COMPANY, STATING THAT SUCH SALE, TRANSFER, ASSIGNMENT OR HYPOTHECATION IS EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY
REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH ACT. 

Please be advised that the
Holders are relying upon this letter as an inducement to enter into the Agreement and, accordingly, each Holder is a third party beneficiary
to these instructions. 

Please execute this letter
in the space indicated to acknowledge your agreement to act in accordance with these instructions. 

Very truly yours, 

GENERATION HEMP, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Gary C. Evans 

Title: 
 Chairman and CEO 

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

</EX-10.49>

<EX-10.50>
 5
 f10k2022ex10-50_evergreen.htm
 LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED APRIL 27, 2023, WITH COVENTRY ASSET MANAGEMENT, LTD

Exhibit 10.50 

Generation Hemp, Inc. 

 8533 Midway Road 

 Dallas, Texas 75209 

April 27, 2023 

Coventry Asset Management, Ltd. 

 2048 Coventry Ct. 

 Keller, Texas 76262 

Re: In reference to that certain Secured Promissory Note Issued by Halcyon Thruput, LLC, dated December 30, 2020 (the Note ). 

Coventry Assert Management, Ltd.: 

To Coventry Asset Management, Ltd. Coventry ), this letter
agreement (the Agreement is being issued by Generation Hemp, Inc. (the Company to amend certain terms and
conditions of the Note referenced above. All terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Note. 

All principal payments shall be suspended until the Maturity Date of
the Note, except as outlined below. The Maturity Date of the Note shall be amended to reflect that it is December 31, 2023; provided however
that if the Company successfully completes a private or public equity offering equal to or in excess of 5,000,000 (the Offering prior to such date, then the Company will pay all outstanding principal and interest payments due under the Note within five business
days of the closing of such offering. 

The Company agrees to make a principal payment in the amount of 250,000.00
(Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars) of the original principal balance of this Note on or by June 1, 2023. Additionally, the Company agrees
to make another principal payment in the amount of 250,000.00 (Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars) of the original principal balance
of this Note on or before August 31, 2023. 

The interest rate on the remaining principal balance of this Note shall
continue at 14 per annum. 

In consideration of such modifications to the Note, the Company agrees
to issue to Coventry 50,000 (Fifty Thousand) shares of the Company s common stock. These shares will be unregistered restricted
securities and shall be subject to the restrictions placed on such shares through both Blue-Sky Laws of the applicable states and the
rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable laws and regulatory authorities. 

Except as modified by this Agreement, all other terms of the Note shall
remain in full force and effect. 

Coventry Asset Management, Ltd. Note Extension page 1 

Agreed to and Accepted by Generation Hemp, Inc. 

/s/ Gary C. Evans 
 
 4/27/2023 
 
 Gary C. Evans , Chairman and 
 
 DATE 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Agreed and Accepted by Coventry Asset Management, Ltd. 

/s/ Gen Fukunaga 
 
 5/5/2023 
 
 Gen Fukunaga , Managing Partner 
 
 DATE 

Coventry Asset Management, Ltd. Note Extension 
page 2 

</EX-10.50>

<EX-10.51>
 6
 f10k2022ex10-51_evergreen.htm
 SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE, DATED APRIL 19, 2023, MADE BY RAZORBACK I, LLC, IN FAVOR OF MICHAEL A. MCMANUS AND GARY C. EVANS

Exhibit 10.51 

SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE 

RAZORBACK I, LLC 

DUE APRIL 15, 2024 

Original Issue Date : April 19, 2023 
 300,000.00 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED , RAZORBACK I, LLC ,
a Texas Limited Liability Company (the Borrower with a mailing address of P.O. Box 540308, Dallas, Texas 75354,
promises to pay to the order of MICHAEL A. McMANUS , a natural person (the Holder with a mailing address of
265 Coconut Place, Vero Beach, Florida 32963, the principal sum of One Hundred Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars 150,000.00) (one-half
of the Principal Amount ), and promises to pay to the order of GARY C. EVANS , a natural person (the
 Holder with a mailing address of P.O. Box 540308, Dallas, Texas 75354, the principal sum of One Hundred Fifty Thousand
and 00/100 Dollars 150,000.00) (one-half of the Principal Amount in lawful currency of the United States,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Secured Promissory Note (the Note ). Mr. McManus and
Mr. Evans are jointly referred to as Holders Holders ). 

This Note together with the
Pledge Agreement (as defined below) and all other promissory notes, pledge agreements, guaranties, deeds of trust, security agreements,
affidavits, and other instruments, documents and agreements executed and delivered by Borrower pursuant to or in connection with this
Agreement and any future amendments hereto or thereto shall constitute the Loan Documents . The proceeds received
from this note will be utilized to acquire a 2.21 acre parcel of land located at 111 Cherry Street, Monticello, Arkansas. 

Article I. 

Section 1.01 Payments and
Conversion . 

(a) The
entire Principal Amount and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon (collectively, the Obligations shall be due
and payable in full without setoff, deduction or counterclaim on April 15, 2024 (the Maturity Date ). Accrued interest
through the end of each fiscal quarter shall be due and payable on July 15, 2023, October 15, 2023, January 15, 2024, and April 15, 2024. 

(b) Notwithstanding
to the contrary, all outstanding principal and all accrued and unpaid interest hereunder shall be due and payable in full at the Maturity
Date. In addition, the Holders shall each have the option to convert the then outstanding balance of principal and interest under this
Note into restricted shares of the Borrower s Common Stock at a conversion price equal to 0.30 per share of Common Stock. 

(c) From
the Original Issue Date until the indefeasible payment and performance in full of all Obligations, interest shall accrue on the principal
balance at a rate equal to the lesser of (a) twelve percent (12.00 per annum, calculated on a basis of 365-day year, and (b) the Highest
Lawful Rate (the Interest Rate ). For purposes of this Note, Highest Lawful Rate means the maximum
non-usurious rate of interest permitted by applicable federal or Texas law from time to time. All matured and past due amounts under this
Note shall bear interest at the Highest Lawful Rate. All payments shall be applied first to accrued but unpaid interest and then to principal. 

Section 1.02 Absolute
Obligation/Ranking . 

(a) This
Note is a direct debt obligation of the Borrower. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Note shall alter or impair
the obligation of the Borrower, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, and interest on, this Note at the time,
place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

(b) Unless
waived by the holders of a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Note, and all other Notes now or hereafter issued,
this Note shall rank senior to all existing indebtedness of the Borrower, and will rank senior to all future indebtedness of the Borrower
except for trade payables and accrued liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices. 

Section 1.03 Pre-Payment . This Note may be prepaid, in whole or in part, at any time prior to the Maturity Date without penalty as
to principal, upon thirty (30) days written notice to Holders and interest shall immediately cease on all amounts so prepaid; All
prepayments to principal shall be applied to principal in the inverse order of its stated maturity 

Section 1.04 Collateral; Other
Rights . 

(a) The
obligations of the Borrower to the Holders under this Note shall be contractually secured by the Borrower as more fully set forth in the
Pledge Agreement associated with this Note. 

(b) In
addition to the rights and remedies given by this Note, the Holders shall have all those rights and remedies allowed by applicable laws.
The rights and remedies of the Holders are cumulative and recourse to one or more right or remedy shall not constitute a waiver of the
others. 

(c) In
addition to the rights and remedies given by this Note, and all those rights and remedies allowed by applicable laws, pursuant to that
certain Pledge Agreement Pledge Agreement ), the Holders shall have the right to a pledge of the 100 ownership interest
in Razorback I, LLC, as listed on Exhibit A attached hereto. 

(d) In
addition to the rights and remedies given by this Note, by all those rights and remedies allowed by applicable laws, the Holders shall
have a first lien on the Collateral. 

Article II. 

Section 2.01 Events of
Default . Each of the following events shall constitute a default under this Note (each an Event of
Default ): 

(a) failure
by the Borrower to pay any amount when due hereunder on any other Loan Document; 

(b) the
Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall: (i) make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (ii) apply
for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, assignee, custodian, sequestrator, liquidator or similar official for itself
or any of its assets and properties; (iii) commence a voluntary case for relief as a debtor under the United States Bankruptcy Code;
(iv) file with or otherwise submit to any governmental authority any petition, answer or other document seeking: (A) reorganization,
(B) an arrangement with creditors or (C) to take advantage of any other present or future applicable law respecting bankruptcy,
reorganization, insolvency, readjustment of debts, relief of debtors, dissolution or liquidation; (v) file or otherwise submit any
answer or other document admitting or failing to contest the material allegations of a petition or other document filed or otherwise submitted
against it in any proceeding under any such applicable law, or (vi) be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent by a court of competent
jurisdiction; 

(c) any
case, proceeding or other action shall be commenced against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower for the purpose of effecting,
or an order, judgment or decree shall be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction approving (in whole or in part) anything
specified in Section 2.01(b) hereof, or any receiver, trustee, assignee, custodian, sequestrator, liquidator or other official shall be
appointed with respect to the Borrower, or shall be appointed to take or shall otherwise acquire possession or control of all or a substantial
part of the assets and properties of the Borrower, and any of the foregoing shall continue unstayed and in effect for any period of sixty
(60) days; 

(d) any
material breach by the Borrower of any of its representations or warranties contained in this Note; or 

(e) any
default other than a payment default, whether in whole or in part, shall occur in the due observance or performance of any obligations
or other covenants, terms or provisions to be performed by the Borrower under this Note, which is not cured within fifteen (15) days after
receipt of written notice thereof. 

The cure period
referenced in (d) and (e) above shall not apply to Events of Default which are not capable of being cured and to breaches of negative
covenants. 

(f) any
event of default by the Borrower shall have occurred and be continuing beyond all grace and/or cure periods or assert the invalidity thereof
prior to payment in full of all amounts payable under this Note. 

2 

Section 2.02 If any Event of Default
occurs, the full principal amount of this Note, together with interest and any other amounts due and owing in respect thereof, to the
date of the Event of Default shall become, at the Holders elections, immediately due and payable and the Holders hereof shall have
the right to foreclose or otherwise enforce all liens or security interests securing payment hereof, or any part hereof, and offset against
this Note any sum or sums owed by Holders to Borrower. In all events, interest shall accrue through the date of payment. The Holders need
not provide, and the Borrower hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and the Holders may immediately
and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to
it under applicable law. Such declaration may be rescinded and annulled by the Holders at any time prior to payment hereunder and the
Holders shall have all rights as a Note holder until such time, if any, as the full payment under this Section shall have been received
by it. No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 

Article III. 

Section 3.01 Negative Covenants . So
long as this Note shall remain in effect and until all outstanding principal and interest and all fees and all other expenses or amounts
payable under this Note have been paid in full, unless the holders of a majority of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Note
shall otherwise consent in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), the Borrower shall not: 

(a) Senior
or Pari Passu Indebtedness . Incur, create, assume, guaranty or permit to exist any indebtedness that ranks senior in priority
to, or pari-passu with, the obligations under this Note and (other than trade payables and accrued liabilities incurred in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practices). 

(b) Liens . Create,
incur, assume or permit to exist any lien on any Collateral (as such term is defined in this Note, now owned or hereafter acquired and
owned by it or on any income or revenues or rights in respect thereof, except: 

(i) liens
on Collateral of the Borrower existing on the date hereof, provided that such liens shall secure only those obligations which they secure
on the date hereof; 

(ii) any
lien created under this Note; 

(iii) any
lien existing on any Collateral prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower, provided that 

1) such lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition and 

(iv) liens
for taxes, assessments and governmental charges; and 

(v) any
lien created by operation of law, such as materialmen s liens, mechanics liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course
of business with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, 

(vi) liens
arising out of judgments or awards (other than any judgment that constitutes an Event of Default hereunder) in respect of which the Borrower
shall in good faith be prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review and in respect of which it shall have secured a subsisting stay
of execution pending such appeal or proceedings for review, provided the Borrower shall have set aside on its books adequate reserves
with respect to such judgment or award. 

(c) Dividends
and Distributions . Declare or pay, directly or indirectly, any dividend or make any other distribution (by reduction of capital or
otherwise), whether in cash, property, securities or a combination thereof, with respect to any shares of its capital stock or directly
or indirectly redeem, purchase, retire or otherwise acquire for value any shares of any class of its capital stock or set aside any amount
for any such purpose. 

(d) Limitation
on Certain Payments and Prepayments . 

(i) Pay
in cash any amount in respect of any indebtedness or preferred stock that may at the obligor s option be paid in kind or in other
securities; or 

(ii) Optionally
prepay, repurchase or redeem or otherwise defease or segregate funds with respect to any indebtedness of the Borrower, other than indebtedness
under this Note. For avoidance of doubt, nothing in the Section shall be deemed to prevent or limit the Borrower from paying accounts
payable and accrued liabilities. 

(a) Amendments .
Amend, modify or limit any terms of this Note or assert the invalidity of this Note. 

3 

Article IV. 

Section 4.01 Section 4.01
Spreading . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no provisions of this
Note shall require the payment or permit the collection of interest in excess of the Highest Lawful Rate. If any excess of interest in
such respect is herein provided for, or shall be adjudicated to be so provided, in this Note or otherwise in connection with this loan
transaction, the provisions of this paragraph shall govern and prevail, and neither Borrower nor the sureties, guarantors, successors
or assigns of Borrower shall be obligated to pay the excess amount of such interest, or any other excess sum paid for the use, forbearance
or detention of sums loaned pursuant hereto. If for any reason interest in excess of the Highest Lawful Rate shall be deemed charged,
required or permitted by any court of competent jurisdiction, any such excess shall be applied as a payment and reduction of the principal
of indebtedness evidenced by this Note; and, if the principal amount hereof has been paid in full, any remaining excess shall forthwith
be paid to Borrower 

Section 4.02 Notice . All notice and
other communications hereunder which are required or permitted under this Note will be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given
to a party by (a) the date of transmission if sent by facsimile or e-mail with confirmation of transmission by the transmitting equipment
if such notice or communication is delivered prior to 5:00 P.M., Dallas, Texas time, on a business day, or the next business day after
the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered on a day that is not a business day or later than 5:00 P.M., Dallas,
Texas time, on any business day; (b) seven days after deposit with the United States Post Office, by certified mail, return receipt requested,
first-class mail, postage prepaid; (c) on the date delivered, if delivered by hand or by messenger or overnight courier, addressee signature
required (costs prepaid), to the addresses below or at such other address and/or to such other persons as shall have been furnished by
the parties: 

If to the Borrower: 
 
 Razorback I, LLC 
 PO Box 540308 
 Dallas, Texas 75354 
 Attention: Gary C. Evans, Manager 

If to the Holders: 

To the Holders addresses set forth in the Recitals to this
Promissory Agreement 

Section 4.03 Governing Law;
Jurisdiction . This Note is being delivered in, is intended to be performed in, shall be construed and enforceable in
accordance with, and shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to the conflicts of laws principles
thereof. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE EXCLUSIVE FORUM AND VENUE FOR ANY ACTION BROUGHT PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE, OR IN ANY
WAY RELATING TO THIS NOTE, SHALL BE BROUGHT IN DALLAS COUNTY, TEXAS. This Note constitutes a major transaction under Texas Civil
Practice and Remedies Code Section 15.020. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the State and Federal
Courts in Dallas County, Texas for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of this Note), and hereby irrevocably waives, and
agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, or such Texas Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to
it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing herein shall
affect the right of the Holders to commence legal proceedings or otherwise proceed against the Borrower in any other
jurisdiction. 

Section 4.04 Severability . The invalidity of any of the provisions of this Note shall not invalidate or otherwise affect any of
the other provisions of this Note, which shall remain in full force and effect. 

Section 4.05 Entire Agreement and
Amendments . This Note represents the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof and there are no representations, warranties or commitments, except as set forth herein. This Note may be amended only by an
instrument in writing executed by the Borrower and persons holding at least a majority of the principal amount of the Note. 

Section 4.06 Cancellation . After all principal, accrued interest and other amounts at any time owed on this Note has been paid in
full, this Note shall automatically be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Borrower for cancellation and shall not be
reissued. 

4 

Section 4.07 Lost, Stolen, Destroyed or
Mutilated Notes . In case the Note shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Borrower shall issue a new Note of like date,
tenor and denomination and deliver the same in exchange and substitution for and upon surrender and cancellation of any mutilated Note,
or in lieu of any Note lost, stolen or destroyed, upon receipt of evidence satisfactory to the Borrower of the loss, theft or destruction
of such Note or a sworn affidavit with respect thereto. 

Section 4.08 Construction;
Headings . The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the
interpretation of, this Note. 

Section 4.09 Payment of Collection,
Enforcement and Other Costs . If (a) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or
is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holders otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Note
or to enforce the provisions of this Note or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Borrower or other
proceedings affecting Borrower creditors rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Borrower shall pay the costs
incurred by the Holders for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization,
receivership or other proceeding, including, but not limited to, attorneys fees and disbursements. 

Section 4.10 Waiver of Notice . To the
extent permitted by law, Borrower and each surety, guarantor, endorser and other party ever liable for payment of any sums of money
payable on this Note jointly and severally waive presentment and demand for payment, protest, notice of protest and non-payment or
dishonor, notice of acceleration, notice of intent to accelerate, notice of intent to demand, diligence in collecting and grace, and
consent to all extensions without notice for any period or periods of time and partial payments, before or after maturity, without
prejudice to the Holders. The Holders shall similarly have the right to deal in any way, at any time, with one or more of the
foregoing parties without notice to any other party, and to grant any such party any extensions of time for payment of any of said
indebtedness, or to release part or all of the Collateral securing this Note, or to grant any other indulgences or forbearances
whatsoever, without notice to any other party and without in any way affecting the personal liability of any party hereunder. 

Section 4.11 The Borrower hereby
covenants and agrees that the Borrower will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through any
reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all times
in good faith carry out all of the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the
Holders of this Note. 

Section 4.12 Balloon Feature. This
Note is payable in full when due. At maturity, Borrower must repay the entire principal balance of this Note and unpaid interest
then due. Holders are under no obligation to refinance this Note at that time. Borrower will, therefore, be required to make payment
out of other assets that Borrower may own or Borrower will have to find a lender, which may be Holders, willing to lend Borrower the
money. If Borrower refinances this loan at maturity, Borrower will have to pay some or all of the closing costs normally associated
with a new loan even if Borrower obtains refinancing from Holders. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the Borrower have executed this Note as of the date first written above. 

BORROWER: 

RAZORBACK I, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Gary C. Evans 

Gary C. Evans, Chairman of the Board, President, and 
 Chief
Executive Officer 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 

MICHAEL A. McMANUS 

By 
 /s/ Michael A. McManus 

Michael A. McManus 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 

GARY C. EVANS 

By: 
 /s/ Gary C. Evans 

Gary C. Evans 

EXHIBIT A 

Collateral: The collateral for this note consists solely of the
100 ownership of Razorback I, LLC. This entity will be the owner of the real estate acquired representing a 2.21 acre parcel
of land located at 111 Cherry Street, Monticello, Arkansas. 

</EX-10.51>

<EX-10.52>
 7
 f10k2022ex10-52_evergreen.htm
 GUARANTY AGREEMENT BY EVERGREEN SUSTAINABLE ENTERPRISES, INC. IN FAVOR OF IN FAVOR OF MICHAEL A. MCMANUS AND GARY C. EVANS

Exhibit 10.52 

GUARANTY AGREEMENTEVERGREEN 
SUSTAINABLE ENTERPRISES, INC. 

This Guaranty Agreement dated
as of April 19, 2023 (this Guaranty is executed by Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Guarantor ), in favor of Michael A. McManus, an individual, and Gary C. Evans, an individual, jointly referred
to as Lenders Lenders ). 

INTRODUCTION 

A. This
Guaranty is given in connection with that certain Secured Promissory Note of even date herewith (as it may be amended, supplemented, restated
or otherwise modified from time to time, the Note ), between Razorback I, LLC, a Texas limited liability company,
as Borrower Razorback or Borrower and the Lenders. 

B. The
Borrower is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor and, therefore, the Guarantor will derive substantial direct and indirect benefit
from the transactions contemplated by the Note and the other Loan Documents (as defined in the Note). 

C. The
Guarantor is executing and delivering this Guaranty (i) to induce the Lenders to provide the loan under the Note, and (ii) intending it
to be a legal, valid, binding, enforceable and continuing obligation of the Guarantor, whether or not the Guarantor derives any benefit
from the Note or from any other Loan Document. 

NOW THEREFORE, for good and
valuable consideration the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guarantor agrees, for the benefit of the Lenders, as follows: 

Section 1. Definitions. 
All capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Guaranty shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Note. 

Section 2. Guaranty . 

(a) The
Guarantor hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the punctual payment and performance, when due, whether at stated
maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all Obligations, whether absolute or contingent and whether for principal, interest (including,
without limitation, interest that but for the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding would accrue), fees, amounts
required to be provided as collateral, indemnities, expenses or otherwise, and the full, complete and punctual performance, observance,
fulfillment and satisfaction of each and every agreement, covenant, warranty and obligation of Borrower under the Loan Documents in accordance
with their respective terms (collectively, the Guaranteed Obligations ). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Guarantor s liability shall extend to all amounts that constitute part of the Guaranteed Obligations and would be owed by the Borrower
to the Lenders under the Loan Documents but for the fact that they are unenforceable or not allowable due to insolvency or the existence
of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving the Borrower. This Guaranty is an absolute guaranty of payment and performance
and not merely of collection. 

1 

(b) It
is the intention of the Guarantor and the Lenders that the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations guaranteed by the Guarantor shall be in,
but not in excess of, the maximum amount permitted by fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer or similar laws, statutes, ordinances,
decrees, requirements, orders, judgments, rules, or regulations applicable to the Guarantor. Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained in this Guaranty or in any other agreement or instrument executed in connection with the payment of any of the
Guaranteed Obligations, the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations guaranteed by the Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be limited to an
aggregate amount equal to the largest amount that would not render the Guarantor s obligations hereunder subject to avoidance under Section
548 of the United States Bankruptcy Code or any comparable provision of any other applicable law. 

Section 3. Guaranty
Absolute . The Guarantor guarantees that the Guaranteed Obligations will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of the Loan
Documents and the other documents governing such Guaranteed Obligations, regardless of any law, regulation or order now or hereafter in
effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the rights of the Lenders with respect thereto but subject to Section 2(b) above.
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guaranty are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other obligations of any other
person under the Loan Documents, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against the Guarantor to enforce this
Guaranty, irrespective of whether any action is brought against the Borrower or any other person or whether the Borrower or any other
person is joined in any such action or actions. The liability of the Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be irrevocable, absolute and
unconditional irrespective of, and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now or hereafter have in any way relating
to, any or all of the following: 

(a) any
lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument relating to any part of the Guaranteed Obligations
being irrecoverable; 

(b) any
acceleration, forbearance, renewal, extension, change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any
of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other obligations of any person under the Loan Documents or any other amendment or waiver of or any
consent to departure from any Loan Document, including, without limitation, any increase in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from
the extension of additional credit to the Borrower or otherwise; 

(c) any
acceptance, taking, exchange, release or non-perfection of any collateral, or any taking, release or amendment or waiver of or consent
to departure from any other guaranty, for all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations; 

(d) any
manner of application of collateral, or proceeds thereof, to all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any manner of sale or other
disposition of any collateral for all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other obligations of any other person under the Loan
Documents or any other assets of any other guarantor, the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower; 

(e) any
change, restructuring or termination of the corporate structure or existence of any other guarantor, the Borrower or any Subsidiary of
the Borrower; 

2 

(f) any
failure of the Lenders to disclose to the Borrower or the Guarantor any information relating to the business, condition (financial or
otherwise), operations, properties or prospects of any person now or in the future known to the Lenders (and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably
waives any duty on the part of the Lenders to disclose such information); 

(g) any
signature of any officer of the Borrower being mechanically reproduced in facsimile or otherwise; or 

(h) any
other circumstance or any existence of or reliance on any representation by the Lenders that might otherwise constitute a defense available
to, or a discharge of, the Borrower or any other guarantor, surety or other person, including but not limited to any defense of waiver,
release, fraud, invalidity, anti-deficiency statutes or laws, illegality, unenforceability, force majeure, act of God, casualty, impossibility,
impracticability, statute of limitations, res judicata or any other defense or excuse whatsoever. 

Section 4. Continuation
and Reinstatement, Etc . The Guarantor agrees that, to the extent that payments of any of the Guaranteed Obligations are made, or the
Lenders receive any proceeds of collateral, and such payments or proceeds or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to
be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, or otherwise required to be repaid, then to the extent of such repayment the Guaranteed Obligations
shall be reinstated and continued in full force and effect as of the date such initial payment or collection of proceeds occurred. THE
GUARANTOR SHALL DEFEND AND INDEMNIFY THE LENDERS AND ITS RELATED PARTIES FROM AND AGAINST ANY CLAIM, DAMAGE, LOSS, LIABILITY, COST OR
EXPENSE UNDER THIS SECTION 4 (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES AND EXPENSES) IN THE DEFENSE OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR SUIT
INCLUDING SUCH CLAIM, DAMAGE, LOSS, LIABILITY, COST, OR EXPENSE ARISING AS A RESULT OF THE INDEMNIFIED PARTY S OWN NEGLIGENCE BUT EXCLUDING
SUCH CLAIM, DAMAGE, LOSS, LIABILITY, COST, OR EXPENSE THAT IS FOUND IN A FINAL, NON-APPEALABLE JUDGMENT BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION
TO HAVE RESULTED FROM SUCH INDEMNIFIED PARTY S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT. 

Section 5. Waivers and
Acknowledgments . 

(a) The
Guarantor hereby waives promptness, diligence, presentment, protest, notice of acceptance, notice of demand, notice of default, notice
of assignment, and any other notice with respect to any of the Guaranteed Obligations and this Guaranty and any requirement that the Lenders
protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien or any property or exhaust any right or take any action against the Borrower or any other
person or any collateral. 

(b) The
Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any right to revoke this Guaranty, and acknowledges that this Guaranty is continuing in nature and
applies to all Guaranteed Obligations, whether existing now or in the future. 

(c) The
Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive substantial direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements involving the Borrower
contemplated by the Loan Documents and that the waivers set forth in this Guaranty are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. 

3 

Section 6. Specific
Waiver of Fraudulent Conveyance Claims . The Guarantor hereby waives the right to assert any claim or cause of action to avoid any
transfer to the Lenders contemplated by and made pursuant to the Note or any other Loan Document that may exist by virtue of any federal
or state statute providing for such avoidance. 

Section 7. Subrogation .
Until one year and one day after the date that all Guaranteed Obligations (other than contingent Guaranteed Obligations with respect to
indemnity and reimbursement of expenses as to which no claim has been made as of the time of determination) have been paid in full in
cash (the Termination Date ), the Guarantor shall not exercise any rights that it may now have or hereafter acquire
against the Borrower or any other person to the extent that such rights arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement
of the Guarantor s obligations under this Guaranty or any other Loan Document, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation,
reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of the Lenders against
the Borrower or any other person, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law,
including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from the Borrower or any other person, directly or indirectly, in cash or
other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security on account of such claim, remedy or right. If any amount shall
be paid to the Guarantor in violation of the preceding sentence, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Lenders and
shall forthwith be paid to the Lenders to be credited and applied to the Guaranteed Obligations and any and all other amounts payable
by the Guarantor under this Guaranty, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents. 

Section 8. Representations
and Warranties . The Guarantor hereby represents and warrants as follows: 

(a) The
Guarantor is duly formed and is in good standing in the state of Colorado 

(b) There
are no conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Guaranty. The Guarantor benefits from executing this Guaranty. 

(c) The
Guarantor has, independently and without reliance upon the Lenders and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate,
made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Guaranty, and the Guarantor has established adequate means of obtaining from
the Borrower and each other relevant person on a continuing basis information pertaining to, and is now and on a continuing basis will
be completely familiar with, the business, condition (financial and otherwise), operations, properties and prospects of the Borrower and
each other relevant person. 

(d) The
obligations of the Guarantor under this Guaranty are the valid, binding and legally enforceable obligations of the Guarantor, and the
execution and delivery of this Guaranty by the Guarantor has been duly and validly authorized in all respects by the Guarantor, and the
person who is executing and delivering this Guaranty on behalf of the Guarantor has full power, authority and legal right to so do, and
to observe and perform all of the terms and conditions of this Guaranty on the Guarantor s part to be observed or performed. 

4 

(e) The
execution and delivery of this Guaranty and the loan and the fulfillment of the terms and conditions hereof and thereof do not and will
not conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms or conditions of any restriction, agreement or instrument to which any of
the Borrower or Guarantor is a party or to which any of their respective properties is subject, and do not and will not constitute a default
or cause for acceleration under any of the foregoing, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance of any
nature upon any of the property or assets of Guarantor, and does not require the consent or approval of any governmental body, agency,
authority, or any other person not already obtained. 

(f) All
financial statements and financial information regarding Guarantor which has been or is hereafter provided to Lenders is, to Guarantor s
current actual knowledge as of the date of such statements, complete and accurate in all material respects and does not omit material
information, and as of the date of this Guaranty, unless otherwise disclosed to Lenders in writing, there are no suits, actions or proceedings
of any kind pending or, to Guarantor s current actual knowledge as of the date of this Guaranty, threatened against Guarantor which
would, if adversely determined, materially and adversely affect Guarantors ability to fulfill their obligations under this Guarantor. 

(g) And
Guarantor further acknowledges and agrees that: (a) all terms and conditions of the Loan Documents are in full force and effect; and (b)
upon the occurrence and during to continuance of an Event of Default, Lenders reserve their right to demand full, complete, and immediate
performance of all of Borrower s and Guarantor s obligations under the Loan Documents. 

Section 9. Default .
Guarantor shall be in default under this Guaranty if any representation made herein is untrue in any material respect, or if Guarantor
fails to fulfill any obligation or covenant under this Guaranty or under any agreement or document evidencing or securing the Note. Lenders
have no duty or obligation to provide Guarantor with any grace period or notice and cure right. Time is of the essence. In addition, Guarantor
shall be in default under this Guaranty if Guarantor becomes the subject of any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, insolvency, arrangement,
reorganization, or other debtor-relief proceeding under any federal or state law, whether now existing or hereafter enacted, or if any
property of Guarantor is attached, levied or seized by any creditor or becomes subject to any receivership. Whenever any such event of
default shall exist and continue, Lenders may, at Lenders option, take and pursue any and all remedies against Guarantor and may
declare and deem the Loan to be fully accelerated and in default and immediately due and payable, regardless of whether such obligations
are in fact accelerated or in default or are otherwise immediately due and payable. 

Section 10. Non-Petition
Covenant . Prior to the date that is one year and one day after the Termination Date, the Guarantor shall not directly, or indirectly,
commence, join any other person in commencing, or authorize a trustee or other person acting on its behalf or on behalf of others to commence,
any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, liquidation, or receivership proceeding under the laws of the United States or
any state of the United States against the Guarantor or the Borrower. 

Section 11. Amendments,
Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Guaranty and no consent to any departure by the Guarantor therefrom shall in
any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Guarantor and the Lenders, and then such waiver or consent
shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. 

5 

Section 12. Notices,
Etc. All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be sent in the manner provided for in the Note and at the applicable
address specified in or pursuant to the Note. All such notices and communications shall be effective when delivered, except that notices
and communications to the Lenders shall not be effective until received by the Lenders. 

Section 13. Fees and
Costs . Guarantor shall pay on demand all reasonable attorney s fees and all other costs and expenses incurred by Lenders in
connection with the enforcement or collection of this Guaranty 

Section 14. No Waiver:
Remedies . No failure on the part of the Lenders to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver
thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. 

Section 15. Continuing
Guaranty: Assignments under the Note . This Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the
payment in full of all Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under the Loan Documents, (b) be binding upon the Guarantor
and its successors and assigns, and (c) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Lenders and their successors, transferees and
assigns. The Guarantor may not assign its rights or delegate its duties hereunder without the prior written consent of the Lenders. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (c), the Lenders may assign or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its rights and
obligations under the Note (including, without limitation, the Promissory Note held by it) to any other person, and such other person
shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted to the Lenders herein or otherwise, subject, however, in
all respects to the provisions of the Note. The Guarantor acknowledges that upon any person becoming the Lenders in accordance with the
Note, such person shall be entitled to the benefits hereof. 

Section 16. Governing
Law . This Guaranty has been prepared, is being executed and delivered, and is intended to be performed in the State of Texas, and
the substantive laws of the State of Texas and the applicable federal laws of the United States shall govern the validity, construction,
enforcement, and interpretation of this Guaranty; provided, however, Chapter 346 the Texas Finance Code does not apply does not apply
to this Guaranty. 

Section 17. Submission
to Jurisdiction . The Guarantor hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any Texas state or federal court sitting in Dallas
County, Texas, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Guaranty, and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably agrees that
all claims in respect of such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such court. The Guarantor hereby unconditionally and
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent it may effectively do so, any right it may have to the defense of an inconvenient forum to the
maintenance of such action or proceeding. The Guarantor hereby agrees that service of copies of the summons and complaint and any other
process which may be served in any such action or proceeding may be made by mailing or delivering a copy of such process to the Guarantor
at its address set forth in the Note. The Guarantor agrees that a final non-appealable judgment in any such action or proceeding shall
be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this
Section shall affect the rights of the Lenders to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by the law or affect the right of
the Lenders to bring any action or proceeding against the Guarantor or any of its property in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 

6 

Section 18. Survival . All representations
and warranties of the Guarantor hereunder shall survive the execution and delivery of this Guaranty and the making of the loan. 

Section 19. Indemnification;
Waiver of Damages . The Guarantor hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Lenders and their Related Parties (each an Indemnified
Party and collectively, the Indemnified Parties from and against (and will reimburse each Indemnified Party
as the same are incurred for) any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, the reasonable
fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel) that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each
case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of (including, without limitation, in connection with any investigation, litigation
or proceeding or preparation of a defense in connection therewith) this Guaranty, any other Loan Document, or the transactions contemplated
hereunder or thereunder, or any use made or proposed to be made with the proceeds thereof (IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED OR ARISING,
IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNIFIED PARTY) , except to the extent such
claim, damage, loss, liability or expense is found in a final, nonappealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted
from such Indemnified Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct. In the case of an investigation, litigation or proceeding to which
the indemnity in this paragraph applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding
is brought by Borrower or Guarantor, any equity holder or creditor of Borrower of Guarantor or an Indemnified Party, whether or not an
Indemnified Party is otherwise a party thereto. The Guarantor also agrees that no Indemnified Party shall have any liability (whether
direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Guarantor or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Guarantor or any of its equity
holders or creditors arising out of, related to or in connection with any aspect of this Guaranty, the other Loan Documents or the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, except to the extent of direct, as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive, damages determined
in a final, nonappealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Indemnified Party s gross negligence
or willful misconduct. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Guaranty, no Indemnified Party shall be liable for any damages arising
from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through electronic telecommunications or other information transmission
systems, other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Party as
determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. No Indemnified Party seeking indemnification under
this paragraph with respect to any claim will, without the Guarantor s prior written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld),
settle, compromise or consent to entry of any judgment with respect so such claim; provided that the foregoing requirement shall apply
only to such claims that the Borrower or Guarantor has confirmed and agreed in writing to the Lenders are fully covered under the indemnity
obligations of Borrower or Guarantor arising under this Guaranty and the Note. 

Section 20. WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL . THE GUARANTOR AND THE LENDERS HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY HAVE BEEN REPRESENTED BY AND HAVE CONSULTED WITH COUNSEL
OF THEIR CHOICE, AND HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, INTENTIONALLY, AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT
OF ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY OR THEREBY. 

NOTICE OF FINAL AGREEMENTS .
THIS GUARANTY AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND
MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. 

THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN
ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES. 

[ Signature Page Follows ] 

7 

The Guarantor has caused this
Guaranty to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

GUARANTOR: 

EVERGREEN SUSTAINABLE
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Gary C. Evans 

Name: 
 Gary C.
 Evans 

Title: 
 Chairman of the Board, President,
 and 
Chief Executive Officer 

Signature Page to Guaranty Agreement 

 (Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises, Inc.) 

</EX-10.52>

<EX-21>
 8
 f10k2022ex21_evergreen.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 21 

List of Subsidiaries 

Entity 
 
 Jurisdiction 

Energy Hunter Resources, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

JDONE LLC 
 
 Colorado 

GENH Halcyon Acquisition, LLC 

Texas 

CryptoRica, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 f10k2022ex31-1_evergreen.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Gary C. Evans, certify that: 

1) I have reviewed this annual report of Evergreen Sustainable
Enterprises, Inc. (formerly Generation Hemp, Inc.) on Form 10-K; 

2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have; 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
the material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation. 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting. 

DATE:
 May 18, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Gary C. Evans 

Gary C. Evans 
 Chairman 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Office and Principal
Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 f10k2022ex32-1_evergreen.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 0F 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Evergreen Sustainable Enterprises,
Inc. (formerly Generation Hemp, Inc.) (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended herein as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), I. Gary C. Evans, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fully presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations or the
Company. 

DATE:
 May 18, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Gary C. Evans 

Gary C. Evans 
 Chairman 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Office and Principal Accounting
 and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 genh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 genh-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 genh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 genh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 genh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

