<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230403_10-K_edgar_data_1838513_0001193125-23-088468.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5067046</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>318725</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>932847</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1268910</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1259357</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1167878</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-088468.hdr.sgml : 20230403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331194823
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-088468
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Marblegate Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001838513
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				854249135
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40862
		FILM NUMBER:		23789926

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		411 THEODORE FREMD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 206S
		CITY:			RYE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10580
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(914) 415-4081

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		411 THEODORE FREMD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 206S
		CITY:			RYE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10580

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-088468.txt : 20230403

10-K
 1
 d448879d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 

 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from 
 to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of

 incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

 Identification No.)

,

 ,

 , New York 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class:

Trading

 Symbol(s)

Name of Each Exchange

 on Which Registered:

Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-half of
 one redeemable Warrant

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 The aggregate market value of the outstanding shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market was . 
 As of March 3 0

, 2023 there were shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 

5 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

5 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

23 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

26 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

26 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

26 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

26 

PART II 

27 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

27 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

28 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

28 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

32 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

32 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

32 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

32 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

33 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

33 

PART III 

34 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

34 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

39 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

40 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

41 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

44 

PART IV 

46 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 

46 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

46 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Report (as defined below), including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as defined below) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination (as defined below); 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors (as defined below) following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our financial performance. The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. Unless otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

2022 Promissory Note are to the unsecured promissory note we issued to Marblegate SOMF (as defined below) on June 30, 2022, pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate maximum amount of 600,000 for Working Capital Loans (as defined below); 

2023 Promissory Note are to the unsecured promissory note we issued to Marblegate SOMF on February 13, 2023, pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate maximum amount of 1,100,000 for Working Capital Loans; 

Affiliated Joint Acquisition are to a business combination opportunity jointly with one or more entities affiliated with Marblegate (as defined below) and/or one or more investors in funds or accounts managed by Marblegate; 

Aggregate New MAC Capitalization are to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Aggregate Equity Value (as defined in the DePalma Business Combination Agreement (as defined below)), by (ii) 10.00; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

amended and restated certificate of incorporation are to the certificate of incorporation of the Company (as defined below), as amended on September 30, 2021 and further amended on December 7, 2022; 

anchor investors are to the qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors which are not affiliated with us, our sponsor, our directors or any member of our management and that purchased units in our initial public offering, and purchased from our sponsor an aggregate of 2,473,864 founder shares at their original purchase price of approximately 0.002 per share; 

ASC are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

ASU are to the FASB Accounting Standards Update; 

board of directors, board or directors are to the board of directors of the Company; 

business combination are to a merger, capital stock share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

Cantor are to Cantor Fitzgerald Co., the representative of the underwriters in our initial public offering (as defined below); 

Class A common stock are to the shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B common stock are to the shares of Class B common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Combination Period are to the 21-month period, from the closing of the initial public offering to July 5, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors), that the Company has to consummate an initial business combination; 

common stock are to the Class A common stock and the Class B common stock; 

Company , our Company, we or us are to Marblegate Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation; 

Company Equity Value are to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the aggregate number of shares of common stock outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (as defined below) and after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of common stock, by (ii) 10.00; 

Company Exchange Ratio are to an amount equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Company Equity Value, by (ii) the Aggregate Equity Value; 

Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account (as defined below) and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); 

Conversion Shares are to the unpaid principal of the 2022 Promissory Note and the 2023 Promissory Note for Working Capital Loans that may be converted by Marblegate SOMF into Class A common stock under the terms of the respective promissory notes; 

DePalma or DePalma Companies are to DePalma Acquisition I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and DePalma Acquisition II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

DePalma Business Combination are to the proposed business combination transactions involving the Company and the DePalma Companies, including all of the transactions contemplated by the DePalma Business Combination Agreement (as defined below); 

DePalma Business Combination Agreement are to the business combination agreement (as it may be amended or restated from time to time) entered into on February 14, 2023 by the Company with Marblegate, New MAC (as defined below), Merger Sub (as defined below), and the DePalma Companies; 

DePalma Merger are to the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company with the Company surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of New MAC; 

DePalma Registration Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the SEC (as defined below); 

DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; 

DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

Extension are to the extension of the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination, from January 5, 2023 to July 5, 2023, as approved by our stockholders at the Extension Special Meeting (as defined below); 

Extension Special Meeting are to the 2022 special meeting in lieu of the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders held on December 2, 2022 at 11:30am Eastern time; 

FASB are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 

FINRA are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

founder shares are to the shares of Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in the private placement (as defined below) and the shares of Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our business combination as described herein (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A common stock will not be public shares (as defined below)); 

GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

initial public offering or IPO are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on October 5, 2021; 

initial stockholders are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering (or their permitted transferees); 

Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

IPO Promissory Note are to the unsecured promissory note we issued to our sponsor (as defined below) on January 15, 2021, in connection with our IPO, pursuant to which we were able to borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000); 

IPO Registration Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC on September 9, 2021, as amended, and declared effective on September 30, 2021 (File No. 333-259422); 

JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

MAC Registration Rights Agreement are to that certain registration rights agreement, dated as of September 30, 2021, by and among the Company, the sponsor, and the other parties thereto; 

Marblegate are to Marblegate Asset Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its affiliates; 

Marblegate SOMF are to Marblegate Special Opportunities Master Fund, L.P, a Delaware limited partnership and a member of the sponsor; 

Marcum are to Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm; 

Merger Sub are to MAC Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of New MAC; 

Nasdaq are to The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC; 

New MAC are to Marblegate Capital Corporation, a Delaware corporation; 

New MAC Common Stock are to the common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of New MAC; 

PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

private placement are to the private placement of 910,000 units (as defined below) purchased by our sponsor and Cantor, which occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of 9,100,000; 

private placement shares are to the shares of our Class A common stock included in the private placement units; 

private placement units are to the units issued in the private placement, which private placement units are identical to the units sold in our initial public offering, subject to certain limited exceptions as described in this Report; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants included in the private placement units; 

public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchased public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were subscribed for in our initial public offering or purchased in the open market) and to any private placement warrants if held by third parties other than our sponsor, officers or directors (or permitted transferees), in each case, following the consummation of our initial business combination; 

Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPACs are to special purpose acquisition companies; 

sponsor are to Marblegate Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company controlled by certain of our officers and directors; 

trust account are to the U.S.-based trust account in which an amount of 301,500,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering and private placement units was placed immediately following the closing of the initial public offering; 

units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one-half of one public warrant; and 

Working Capital Loans are to funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a business combination with one or more businesses. While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any stage of its corporate evolution or in any industry or sector, we have concentrated our efforts on identifying high quality businesses that have recently undergone a restructuring. Our management team and Marblegate, an affiliate of our sponsor, have extensive experience investing in post-restructured companies. We believe that this experience makes us very well situated to identify, source, negotiate and execute a business combination at a favorable valuation with an attractive post-restructuring company. Initial Public Offering and Extension of Our Combination Period On October 5, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 30,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per whole share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 300,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 910,000 units to our sponsor and Cantor at a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 9,100,000. A total of 301,500,000, comprised of 292,400,000 of the proceeds from the initial public offering and 9,100,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the private placement units was placed in the trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. We originally had up to 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or until January 5, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination. However, at the Extension Special Meeting held on December 2, 2022, our stockholders approved the amendment to the certificate of incorporation to extend the end of the Combination Period from January 5, 2023 to July 5, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors). In connection with the Extension Special Meeting, stockholders holding 28,989,609 public shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. As a result, approximately 293.5 million (approximately 10.12 per public share) was removed from the trust account and paid to such holders and approximately 10.3 million remained in the trust account. Following the redemptions, as of December 31, 2022, we had 1,010,391 public shares outstanding. It is the job of our sponsor and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by Andrew Milgram, our Chief Executive Officer, and Paul Arrouet, our President, who have many years of experience in investing in post-restructured companies. We must complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period, which is 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering. If our initial business combination is not consummated within the Combination Period, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. DePalma Business Combination Agreement On February 14, 2023, we entered into the DePalma Business Combination Agreement with Marblegate, New MAC, Merger Sub and the DePalma Companies, pursuant to which, among other things, the parties agreed to the DePalma Business Combination under which we agreed to combine with DePalma in a series of transactions that will result in New MAC becoming a publicly-traded company whose shares are expected to trade on the Nasdaq Global Market. Capitalized terms not defined but otherwise used in the following description have the meanings ascribed to them in the DePalma Business Combination Agreement. Pursuant to the DePalma Business Combination Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions contained therein, among other things: 

(i) 
 immediately prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the DePalma Business Combination Agreement, New MAC and the DePalma Companies will effect a series of reorganization transactions, resulting in the DePalma Companies becoming wholly-owned subsidiaries of New MAC; 

(ii) 
 Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of New MAC, in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the DePalma Business Combination Agreement; and 
 5 

Table of Contents 

(iii) 
 upon the effectiveness of the DePalma Merger (the Effective Time ), (x) each share of Class A common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Company Per Share Consideration (as defined below); (y) each share of Class B common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Company Per Share Consideration, and (z) each warrant of the Company outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive one warrant of New MAC, with New MAC assuming our obligations under the existing warrant agreement. The DePalma Business Combination is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023, following the receipt of the requisite stockholder approvals and the fulfilment of other customary closing conditions. The aggregate consideration payable to DePalma at the closing of the DePalma Business Combination (the Closing will be based on a valuation of DePalma of approximately 750,000,000 plus the Minimum Cash Amount. The per share consideration allocable to each share of our common stock (the Company Per Share Consideration is the number of shares of New MAC Common Stock, rounded up to the nearest whole share, equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the product obtained by multiplying (A) the Company Exchange Ratio by (B) the Aggregate New MAC Capitalization, by (ii) the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of our common stock. Prior to the Closing, the Parties shall take all actions necessary or appropriate to designate and nominate five directors to the New MAC board of directors, which shall include two directors designated by the sponsor, and three directors designated by the Parties to serve as non-executive directors, each of whom shall by independent according to the SEC rules and listing standards of Nasdaq. Concurrently with the execution of the DePalma Business Combination Agreement, the sponsor and the Supporting Shareholders have entered into support agreements with us, New MAC and the DePalma Companies (such agreements, collectively, the Sponsor Support Agreement ), pursuant to which the sponsor and the Supporting Shareholders have agreed, among other things, to vote all shares of our common stock held by them in favor of the DePalma Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby (including the DePalma Merger) and to not redeem any of their shares of our common stock. The foregoing description of each of the DePalma Business Combination Agreement and the Sponsor Support Agreement are not complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to such agreements, and the terms of which are incorporated by reference herein. Copies of the DePalma Business Combination Agreement and the Sponsor Support Agreement are filed with this Report as Exhibits 2.1 and 10.15, respectively. Other than as specifically discussed, this Report does not assume the occurrence of the Closing. Business Strategy Our acquisition and value creation strategy is to identify, acquire and build a company that has recently gone through a restructuring. After the initial business combination, we envision our strategy may include additional mergers and acquisitions with a focus on generating attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders. Many post-restructured companies offer a valuation discount resulting from complexity, its ownership base and illiquidity. These post-restructuring companies are in a position for growth with recently deleveraged balance sheets. These companies tend to be sitting in the hands of distressed investors with limited ability to acquire additional capital to fund growth and acquisitions. We have utilized and will continue to utilize the unique network and industry experience of our management team in seeking an initial business combination and executing our acquisition strategy. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of relationships across industries and subsectors that we believe further complement our sourcing pipeline of acquisition opportunities. The companies we target are often in fragmented or fractured industries with attractive growth and acquisition opportunities. These sectors include but are not limited to education, business services, consumer products and healthcare. We have and will continue to leverage our management team s expertise to source and evaluate these often-opaque, under-covered enterprises and the impact of restructurings on these businesses, as turnaround initiatives implemented during restructurings may have yet to be reflected in the companies financial earnings results. In addition, corporate balance sheets are often restructured by swapping old debt for new equity or new debt and equity. Original lenders frequently lack the ability to serve as the company s new owners, manage the enterprise or execute an exit transaction. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Our sourcing channels, developed as distressed investors and turnaround specialists, have and we expect they will continue to provide our management team with a robust flow of acquisition opportunities, including the DePalma Business Combination. Members of our management team have communicated and continue to communicate with their networks of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target company and a potential business combination and pursue and review potential interesting candidates. We believe a business combination through a SPAC provides value-add for owners of previously financially distressed companies and our investors, alike. We believe we can serve as a source of capital for business owners with a business combination providing a significant monetization event for owners seeking liquidity or even continued equity participation for those seeking continued ownership. Target companies potentially benefit from access to a public vehicle that provides capital to support growth initiatives. Our investors can benefit from ownership in a business at a discounted valuation and with significantly reduced liabilities. Creating value for our stockholders is the primary goal of this business strategy. Competitive Advantages We have capitalized and intend to continue to capitalize on the following competitive advantages in our pursuit of a target company: Proactive and Proprietary Transaction Sourcing . Our management team believes that its market reputation, proactive approach to sourcing transactions, and extensive network of relationships have and will continue to provide proprietary investment opportunities. Marblegate s deep expertise across a broad swath of industries and throughout the capital structure often make it an attractive partner for companies seeking capital solutions. Our management team believes that it has an established record of generating proprietary investment opportunities resulting from Marblegate s unique sourcing strategies. These companies are often overlooked due to their complexity. The team leverages multiple sourcing channels including proprietary relationships with regional banks, distressed investors, private equity sponsors and seasoned operators and management teams. Execution and Structuring Capability . Our management team believes that its expertise in restructuring companies provides us with a unique perspective and a deep understanding in the analysis of post-restructured companies, which can often be opaque, lack research coverage and involve a complex history. Marblegate s experience in these markets allows it to source and complete transactions possessing structural attributes that create an attractive investment thesis. These types of transactions are typically complex and require creativity, industry knowledge and expertise, rigorous due diligence, and extensive negotiation and documentation. Our management team has expertise in investing in distressed companies, restructuring the companies and working with management to create growth strategies post re-org. The complexities of companies exiting a reorganization are well understood by our management team and provide for a broad opportunity set. Our management team believes that by focusing its investment activities on these types of transactions, we will be able to identify acquisition opportunities that have attractive risk/reward profiles based on their valuations and structural characteristics. History of Successful Acquisitions . As of December 31, 2022, Marblegate managed approximately 2.5 billion across multiple funds, primarily for institutional clients such as pension funds, endowments, foundations, family offices, funds of funds and high net worth individuals. Marblegate has invested approximately 3.9 billion across multiple industries since the launch of its first fund in 2009. These investments include but are not limited to companies in healthcare, transportation, materials, consumer staples, financials, media and telecom, industrials and consumer discretionary industries. Marblegate implements growth initiatives to create and expand earnings power, cash flow, and enterprise value. Through a combination of operational improvements and managerial enhancements Marblegate has a demonstrable history of revenue enhancement and expense control. Utilizing data and technology Marblegate is able to drive measurable improvements and create expansion opportunities across the enterprises in which Marblegate invests. As a consequence of Marblegate s investments these companies developed stronger balance sheets, better asset mixes and revitalized operating models generating stable growth opportunities. Post-acquisition Added Value . Our management team members have many years of experience across multiple industries and subsectors resulting in broad expertise and an extensive network of relationships and resources. After consummation of the initial business combination, we anticipate assisting the target company in several areas, including: (i) strategic and financial goals and projections, (ii) technology and data enhancements (iii) capital markets advice and financing alternatives, (iv) identification and recruitment of senior management and (v) identification and analysis of potential strategic acquisitions. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Market Opportunity . We believe that U.S. bankruptcies have led to a large pool of target companies. According to Reorg Research, Inc., since 2016, approximately 750 companies (with a minimum of 100 million or more of total debt) across 12 industries have filed for bankruptcy in the United States. Private companies have made up more than 95 of U.S. bankruptcies from 2011 to 2022. According to S P Capital IQ, from 2016 to 2022, approximately 99 of total U.S. bankruptcy filings have been made by private companies. From 2011 to 2022, we estimate that less than 1 of companies have become public companies following bankruptcy and restructuring. From 2009 to 2022, Marblegate has invested in companies across 18 separate industries, including capital goods, commercial services, diversified consumer services, diversified financials, healthcare equipment and services, hotels, restaurant and leisure, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology and life sciences, transportation, energy, food staples and retailing, media, real estate, retailing, software and services, utilities, materials, and insurance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, past performance of Marblegate and our management team is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate, including the DePalma Business Combination. You should not rely on the historical performance record of Marblegate or our management team as indicative of our future performance. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members of our management team have been involved in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. In addition, our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest with other entities to which they owe fiduciary or contractual obligations with respect to initial business combination opportunities. Business Combination Criteria In line with our business strategy, we seek candidates for our business combination with the following general criteria, which emphasize our areas of expertise as well as where we believe the opportunity set is robust. 

Post-Restructured Companies. We believe that post-restructured companies offer the potential for discounted valuations to their publicly traded peers given the complexity involved in understanding restructurings and post-restructured businesses (with the lack of information and research coverage) and the ownership base of former lenders whose debt was swapped for equity in restructurings. As restructuring specialists, our management team has a strong understanding of how to evaluate post-restructured companies and a robust network to identify opportunities among these companies. 

Revitalized Growth Strategy. We focus on acquisition targets that have the potential to develop a leading, growing or significant niche market position in their respective industries. We believe that companies that successfully reorganize themselves use the process to not only reorder their liability structure but also to rework and reinvigorate their growth strategy. The unshackling of a business from an overburdened balance sheet and cost structure can enable it to invest in growth initiatives that will grow top line revenues as well as total enterprise profitability. We analyze the strengths and weaknesses of potential target businesses relative to their competitors. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that we believe have the ability to demonstrate advantages such as improvements to quality of product or significant measurable cost savings when compared to their competitors, which may help to increase their market share and profitability. 

Discount to Publicly Traded Peers. We seek potential candidates that are valued at a significant discount to their publicly traded peers. This discount allows for meaningful return potential for stockholders post the business combination and provides the targets current owners the opportunity for liquidity and multiple expansion. 

Businesses with Stronger Balance Sheets. We target companies that have strengthened their balance sheets through a restructuring process. In addition to restructuring the balance sheet, a successful restructuring process can also drive positive operating results from turnaround initiatives taken during a restructuring. Better asset mixes and revitalizing their operating models can create stable growth potential for these businesses going forward. 

Compelling Industry Characteristics. We focus on acquisition targets that have the potential to be or are industry leaders. These companies tend to operate in fragmented markets which present opportunities for significant consolidation and growth. We seek to identify an acquisition target that may benefit from synergistic add-on acquisitions, new product markets and geographies, increased production capacity, expense reduction and increased operating leverage. In general, we focus our investing attention on industries which enjoy broad stability and have favorable growth dynamics. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

While we have used and will continue to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating initial business combination opportunities, including the DePalma Business Combination, the business combination opportunity we ultimately pursue may be with a target business that only meets some but not all of these criteria and guidelines. These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we find an opportunity that has characteristics more compelling to us than the characteristics described above, we would pursue such opportunity. Our Business Combination Process In evaluating prospective business combinations, such as DePalma, we have conducted and will continue to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that encompasses, among other things, a review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), on-site inspection of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. We also utilize our expertise analyzing target companies and evaluating operating projections, financial projections and determining the appropriate return expectations given the risk profile of the target business. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with Marblegate or investment funds or accounts advised by Marblegate or our sponsor, officers, or directors. While DePalma is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, in the event we do not consummate the DePalma Business Combination, and seek to complete our initial business combination with another company that is affiliated with Marblegate or investment funds or accounts advised by Marblegate or our sponsor, officers, or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. An investment fund advised by Marblegate indirectly owns founder shares and private placement units. Additionally, Marblegate and Andrew Milgram and Paul Arrouet are deemed the beneficial owners of such founder shares and private placement units by virtue of exercising investment power over such shares or units on behalf of such investment funds. Because of this ownership, Marblegate, investment funds advised by Marblegate and our officers and directors, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination, particularly because such funds managed by Marblegate invest in distressed and post-restructured companies as part of their investment programs. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. All of our executive officers are employed by Marblegate. Marblegate is continuously made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for an initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of Marblegate and our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination, as we believe any such opportunities presented would be smaller than what we are interested in, in different fields than what we would be interested in, or that our obligations are to entities that are not themselves in the business of engaging in business combinations. We may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which Marblegate, investment funds advised by Marblegate or an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the initial business combination by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Our officers and directors may become an officer or director of another SPAC with a class of securities intended to be registered under the Exchange Act, even before we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination. Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. Based on the valuation analysis of our management and board of directors, we have determined that the fair market value of DePalma was substantially in excess of 80 of the funds in the trust account and that the 80 test was therefore satisfied. We may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. Any such parties would co-invest only if (i) permitted by applicable regulatory and other legal limitations; (ii) we and Marblegate considered a transaction to be mutually beneficial to us as well as the affiliated entity; and (iii) other business reasons exist to do so, such as the strategic merits of including such co-investors, the need for additional capital beyond the amount held in our trust account to fund the initial business combination and/or the desire to obtain committed capital for closing the initial business combination. An Affiliated Joint Acquisition may be effected through a co-investment with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the initial business combination by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. We refer to this potential future issuance, or a similar issuance to other specified purchasers, as a specified future issuance throughout this Report. The amount and other terms and conditions of any such specified future issuance would be determined at the time thereof. We are not obligated to make any specified future issuance and may determine not to do so. This is not an offer for any specified future issuance. Pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B common stock, any such specified future issuance would result in an adjustment to the conversion ratio such that our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 25 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering plus all shares issued in the specified future issuance, unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock agreed to waive such adjustment with respect to the specified future issuance at the time thereof. We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B common stock at the time of any such specified future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. They may waive such adjustment due to (but not limited to) the following: (i) closing conditions which are part of the agreement for our initial business combination; (ii) negotiation with Class A stockholders on structuring an initial business combination; (iii) negotiation with parties providing financing which would trigger the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock; or (iv) as part of the Affiliated Joint Acquisition. If such adjustment is not waived, the specified future issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the specified future issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our common stock. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Financial Position With funds available for an initial business combination in the amount of 10,325,848 as of December 31, 2022 (after payment of 15,000,000 of deferred underwriting fees before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination), we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners to provide capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or to strengthen its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations until we consummate our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we may target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. Sources of Target Businesses Target business candidates have been brought and we expect they will continue to be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals. Target businesses have also been brought and we expect they will continue to be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read our prospectus for our initial public offering or this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we have received a number of proprietary deal flow 
 11 

Table of Contents 

opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their respective industry and business contacts as well as their affiliates. We may engage the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which our sponsor or officers are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). Although none of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated initial business combination, we do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. We agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for secretarial and administrative support and reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with Marblegate or our sponsor, officers or directors or making the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with Marblegate, our sponsor, officers or directors. While DePalma is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, in the event we do not consummate the DePalma Business Combination, and seek to complete our initial business combination with another initial business combination target that is affiliated with Marblegate, our sponsor, officers, or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which Marblegate or an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the initial business combination by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management endeavors to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective business target, such as DePalma, we have conducted and will continue to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that is made available to us. The time required to complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we are focusing our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business, including the management team of DePalma, when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with such business and plan to continue to do so if the DePalma Business Combination is not consummated and we seek other business combination opportunities, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, including the DePalma Business Combination in which the Sponsor will have the right to designate two of the five directors on the post-Closing board of directors, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule (as is the case with the DePalma Business Combination as currently contemplated), or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 
 Whether Stockholder Approval is Required 

Purchase of assets 
 
 No 

Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 
 No 

Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 
 No 

Merger of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. See DePalma Business Combination Agreement above for more information on the requisite approvals needed for the DePalma Business Combination. Permitted Purchases of our Securities If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. As of the date of this Report, there have been no such discussions and no agreements to such effect have been entered into with any such investor or holder. If such arrangements or agreements are entered into, we will file a Current Report on Form 8-K to disclose any arrangements entered into or significant purchases made by any of the aforementioned persons. Any such report will include (i) the amount of shares of common stock purchased and the purchase price; (ii) the purpose of such purchases; (iii) the impact of such purchases on the likelihood that the business combination transaction will be approved; (iv) the identities or characteristics of security holders who sold shares if not purchased in the open market or the nature of the sellers; and (v) the number of shares of common stock for which we have received redemption requests. Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. As of December 31, 2022, the amount in the trust account was approximately 10.22 per public share (including accrued interest thereon). The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to Cantor. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares, and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. The anchor investors will not be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them in connection with the completion of our business combination. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our Company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval, unless otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rules, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to a letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares, and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, unless otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rules, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As of December 31, 2022, after accounting for the redemption of public shares in connection with the Extension, the sponsor owns 69.0 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, the sponsor will have the ability, voting on its own, to satisfy quorum requirements and to approve an initial business combination, and none of our public shares will need to vote in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. We intend to give not less than 10 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. The anchor investors will not be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them in connection with the completion of a business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial 
 17 

Table of Contents 

business combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering (the Excess Shares ). Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with Redemption Rights We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the meeting held to approve a proposed initial business combination by a date set forth in the proxy materials mailed to such holders or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, at the holder s option. The proxy materials that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our proxy materials until the date set forth in such proxy materials to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed initial business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until July 5, 2023. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we have only 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or until July 5, 2023, to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors, underwriters or the anchor investors acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. If we do not consummate our initial business combination by the deadline set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 568,355 of proceeds held outside the trust account as of December 31, 2022, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.22. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.22. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our initial public offering will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.05 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.05 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our Company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.05 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.05 per public share. We have sought and will continue to seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. As of December 31, 2022, the amount held outside of the trust account was 568,355. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the end of the Combination Period, and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.05 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.05 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our Company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to offer redemption rights in connection with any proposed initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination by the end of the Combination Period, subject to applicable law. Stockholders who do not exercise their redemption rights in connection with an amendment to our certificate of incorporation would still be able to exercise their redemption rights in connection with a subsequent business combination. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Employees We currently have three officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they devote in any time period varies based on the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information Our units, Class A common stock, and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act, and as a result, we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports, including this Report, contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business, such as the DePalma Registration Statement. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. We filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to continue to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following October 5, 2026, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we may not be able to complete the DePalma Business Combination or any other business combination in the Combination Period; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses, such as DePalma, may not be realized; 

we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, including the DePalma Business Combination, or reduce the number of stockholders requesting redemption; 

we may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; 
 23 

Table of Contents 

you may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination; 

our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack of an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target; 

changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination; 

we may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

we may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

our warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

since our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after the initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public stockholders would experience losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination; 

changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; 

the value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.22 per share; 

resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the Combination Period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.22 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless; 

in March 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with such proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

if we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company; 

to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, we would likely receive less interest on the funds held in the trust account, which would likely reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company; 

we may not be able to complete an initial business combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States; 

recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

investments in entities that have undergone restructurings are subject to additional risks; 

military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

a 1 U.S. federal excise tax may be imposed on us in connection with our redemptions of shares in connection with a business combination or other stockholder vote pursuant to which stockholders would have a right to submit their shares for redemption; and 

there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern . We have received two written notices (the Notices from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that (1) our publicly held shares are below the 1,100,000 share minimum requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Global Market, and (2) for the preceding 30 consecutive business days, our Market Value of Publicly Held Shares MVPHS was below the 15 million minimum requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Global Market. If we cannot regain compliance, our securities will be subject to delisting and the liquidity and the trading price of our securities could be adversely affected. On January 21, 2023, we received a deficiency notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that the number of our publicly held shares was below the 1,100,000 share minimum requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Global Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(1)(B) (the MPLS Requirement ). On March 7, 2023, we submitted a plan to regain compliance with the MPLS Requirement for continued listing. On March 24, 2023, Nasdaq notified us that it had accepted our plan and granted us an extension until July 20, 2023 to evidence compliance with the MPLS Requirement. If we do not regain compliance, our securities will be subject to delisting and the liquidity and the trading price of our securities could be adversely affected. Also on January 21, 2023, we received a deficiency notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that, for the preceding 30 consecutive business days, our MVPHS was below the 15 million minimum requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Global Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(C) (the MVPHS Requirement ). This notification had no immediate effect on the listing or trading of our common stock on The Nasdaq Global Market and our common stock will continue to trade under the symbol GATE. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(D), we have a period of 180 calendar days, or until July 24, 2023 (the Compliance Period ), to regain compliance with the MVPHS Requirement. If, at any time before the end of the Compliance Period, our MVPHS closes at 15 million or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide us written confirmation of compliance with the MVPHS Requirement and this matter will be closed. We intend to monitor the market value of our listed securities and will consider available options to regain compliance with the MVPHS Requirement. In the event we do not regain compliance with the MVPHS Requirement prior to the expiration of the Compliance Period, we will receive written notification that our securities are subject to delisting from The Nasdaq Global Market. At such time, we will have the opportunity to appeal the delisting decision in front of a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. If we timely appeal, our securities would remain listed pending such panel s decision. There can be no assurance that, if we do appeal, such appeal would be successful. If we do not regain compliance, our securities will be subject to delisting and the liquidity and the trading price of our securities could be adversely affected. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future; and 

being subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with our initial business combination. Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. The funds in our operating account and our trust account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Such funds exceeding 250,000 are not insured against loss by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). Should events, including limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect to the banks or other financial institutions that hold our funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced that Silicon Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Although we did not have any funds in Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee that the banks or other financial institutions that hold our funds will not experience similar issues. In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with a potential business combination, or at all, and could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition or results of operations, and our prospects. For the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our (i) IPO Registration Statement filed with the SEC on September 9, 2021, (ii) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022, (iii) quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, filed with the SEC on November 11, 2021 and (v) quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended, March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on May 13, 2022, August 12, 2022 and November 10, 2022, respectively, and (vi) Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed the SEC on November 9, 2022. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. For additional risk factors relating to DePalma and the DePalma Business Combination, see the DePalma Registration Statement once filed with the SEC. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. 

Item 2. 
 Properties. Our executive offices are located at 411 Theodore Fremd Avenue, Suite 206S, Rye, New York, 10580 and our telephone number is (914) 415-4081. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. To the knowledge of our management team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. (a) Market Information Our units, public shares and public warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols GATEU, GATE and GATEW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on October 1, 2021, and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on November 22, 2021. (b) Holders On March 31, 2023, there were three holders of record of our units, one holder of record of shares of our Class A common stock and one holder of record of our warrants. (c) Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. 

(e) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. 

(f) 
 Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering None. For a description of the use of proceeds generated in our initial public offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 2 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering and private placement as described in the IPO Registration Statement. 

(g) 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers In connection with the Extension Special Meeting on December 2, 2022, stockholders holding 28,989,609 public shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. As a result, approximately 293.5 million (approximately 10.12 per public share) was removed from the trust account and paid to such holders and approximately 10.3 million remained in the trust account. Following the redemptions, as of December 31, 2022, we had 1,010,391 public shares outstanding. The following table contains monthly information about the repurchases of our equity securities for the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 
 (a) Total number of shares (or units) purchased 

(b) Average price paid per share (or unit) 

(c) Total number of shares (or units) purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 

(d) Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of shares (or units) that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs 

October 1 October 31, 2022 

November 1 November 30, 2022 

December 1 December 31, 2022 

28,989,609 

10.12 

27 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements in this section regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking statements. When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Overview We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on December 10, 2020 for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash from the remaining proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. Extension of Combination Period We originally had up to 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or until January 5, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination. However, at the Extension Special Meeting held on December 2, 2022, our stockholders approved the amendment to the certificate of incorporation to extend the end of the Combination Period from January 5, 2023 to July 5, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors). In connection with the Extension Special Meeting, stockholders holding 28,989,609 public shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. As a result, approximately 293.5 million (approximately 10.12 per public share) was removed from the trust account and paid to such holders and approximately 10.3 million remained in the trust account. Following the redemptions, as of December 31, 2022, we had 1,010,391 public shares outstanding. Recent Developments DePalma Business Combination On February 14, 2023, we entered into the DePalma Business Combination Agreement with Marblegate, New MAC, Merger Sub and the DePalma Companies, pursuant to which, among other things, the parties agreed to the DePalma Business Combination under which we agreed to combine with DePalma in a series of transactions that will result in New MAC becoming a publicly-traded company whose shares are expected to trade on the Nasdaq Global Market. Pursuant to the DePalma Business Combination Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions contained therein, among other things: 

(i) 
 immediately prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the DePalma Business Combination Agreement, New MAC and the DePalma Companies will effect a series of reorganization transactions, resulting in the DePalma Companies becoming wholly-owned subsidiaries of New MAC; 
 28 

Table of Contents 

(ii) 
 Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of New MAC, in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the DePalma Business Combination Agreement; and 

(iii) 
 upon the Effective Time, (x) each share of Class A common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Company Per Share Consideration; (y) each share of Class B common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Company Per Share Consideration, and (z) each warrant of the Company outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive one warrant of New MAC, with New MAC assuming our obligations under the existing warrant agreement. The Business Combination is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023, following the receipt of the requisite stockholder approvals and the fulfilment of other customary closing conditions. For a full description of the DePalma Business Combination Agreement and the proposed DePalma Business Combination, please see Item 1. Business. 2023 Promissory Note On February 13, 2023, we issued the 2023 Promissory Note in the principal amount of up to 1,100,000 to Marblegate SOMF for Working Capital Loans for advances Marblegate SOMF has made, and may make in the future, to us. The 2023 Promissory Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which we consummate our initial business combination and (ii) the date that our winding up is effective. At the election of Marblegate SOMF, at any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance of the note, all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the 2023 Promissory Note may be converted into Conversion Shares, equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the 2023 Promissory Note being converted, divided by (y) 10.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares. The Conversion Shares will be identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units issued by us to the sponsor and Cantor in the private placement. The Conversion Shares are entitled to the registration rights set forth in the 2022 Promissory Note (as described further below under Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern ). Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from December 10, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the initial public offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on the funds held in the trust account, with Continental acting as trustee. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence and other expenses in connection with searching for and completing a business combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 1,230,338, which consists of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account of 3,305,765 and change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 233,870, offset by operating and formation costs of 1,670,335 and provision for income tax of 638,962. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 267,638, which consists of operating and formation costs of 503,572, an unrealized loss on marketable securities held in the trust account of 16,895, and transaction costs associated with the initial public offering of 42,344, offset by interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account of 35,823 and change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 259,350. Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern On October 5, 2021, we consummated the initial public offering of 30,000,000 units, generating gross proceeds of 300,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 910,000 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per private placement unit in the private placement, generating gross proceeds of 9,100,000. Following the initial public offering and the private placement, a total of 301,500,000 was placed in the trust account. We incurred 42,630,587 in initial public offering related costs, including 6,000,000 of underwriting fees, 15,000,000 of deferred underwriting fees, net of reimbursement, 1,015,137 of other offering costs including 509,600 for the fair value of the private placement warrants included in the private placement units, and 505,537 of offering costs, and 20,615,450 for the fair value of the founder shares attributable to certain anchor investors. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,001,285. Net income of 1,230,338 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 3,305,765 and change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 233,870. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 1,308,012 of cash from operating activities. For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 739,303. Net loss of 267,638 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 35,823, unrealized loss in marketable securities held in the trust account of 16,895, transaction costs associated with the initial public offering of 42,344 and change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 259,350. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used 235,731 of cash from operating activities. As of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities held in the trust account of 10,325,848 (including approximately 171,418 of interest income, net of unrealized losses) consisting of investments in money market funds. Interest income on the balance in the trust account may be used by us to pay taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had withdrawn 989,480 of interest income from the trust account to pay franchise and income taxes and paid 293,509,365 in connection with the redemptions of public shares associated with the Extension (as described further above under Extension of Combination Period ). We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less income taxes payable), to complete our business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 568,355 outside of the trust account. We have used and intend to continue to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination, such as the DePalma Business Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor, members of the sponsor, or certain of our officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us Working Capital Loans, as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we would repay any Working Capital Loans. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay any Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. On June 30, 2022, we issued the 2022 Promissory Note to Marblegate SOMF, a member of our sponsor, for a Working Capital Loan for which we may borrow up to the principal sum of 600,000. The 2022 Promissory Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier of (i) the date on which we consummate our initial business combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. At the option of the lender, at any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance of the 2022 Promissory Note, the lender may elect to convert up to 600,000 of the unpaid principal balance of the note into Conversion Shares, equal to (x) the portion of the principal amount of the note being converted, divided by (y) 10.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares. The Conversion Shares will be identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units issued in the private placement. On July 1, 2022, we borrowed 200,000 under the 2022 Promissory Note. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 200,000 and 0 outstanding balances under the 2022 Promissory Note. We have incurred and will continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. We will likely need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from our sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Our officers, directors and the sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to complete the business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with ASU Topic 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have until July 5, 2023, to consummate a business combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a business combination by this time. If a business combination is not consummated by this date and an extension has not been requested by the sponsor and approved by our stockholders, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity issue and the mandatory liquidation raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should we be required to liquidate after July 5, 2023. We intend to complete a business combination before the mandatory liquidation date. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay the sponsor a total of up to 10,000 per month for secretarial and administrative support. We began incurring these fees on September 30, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the business combination and our liquidation. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 5.0 of the gross proceeds of the initial 30,000,000 units sold in the initial public offering, or 15,000,000. The deferred fee will be paid in cash upon the closing of a business combination from the amounts held in the trust account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Warrant Liabilit ies We account for the warrants issued in connection with our initial public offering in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC Topic 815-40-15-7D, Derivatives and Hedging ), under which the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, we classify the warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until the private placement warrants are exercised or expire, and any change in fair value will be recognized in our statements of operations. Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A common stock (including Class A common stock that features redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our Class A common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share Net income (loss) per common stock is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings (losses) per share. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. Factors That May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations Our results of operations and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Reference is made to pages F-1 through F-22 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our Company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 
 32 

Table of Contents 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This Report does not include an attestation report of our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. None. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Directors and Executive Officers As of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 

Andrew Milgram 

49 

Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 
 
 Paul Arrouet 

52 

President and Executive Director 
 
 Jeffrey Kravetz 

44 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Harvey Golub 

83 

Chairman of the Board 
 
 Patrick J. Bartels, Jr. 

47 

Director 
 
 Richard Goldman 

62 

Director 
 
 Alan Mintz 

61 

Director 
 
 Wallace Mathai-Davis 

78 

Director 
 The experience of our directors and executive officers is as follows: Andrew Milgram has served as our Chief Executive Officer and an executive director since January 2021. Since August 2008, he has served as the managing partner of Marblegate, which he co-founded. Prior to forming Marblegate, Mr. Milgram was a Principal at Epic Asset Management, where he was responsible for generating, evaluating, executing and managing investments in a portfolio of distressed and special situation assets across a variety of industry sectors. In addition, he coordinated the firm s overall research process and directed its team of investment analysts. Mr. Milgram has sat on a variety of official and ad-hoc creditor committees, and has been deeply involved in a number of corporate restructurings in both the United States and abroad. Prior to joining Epic, Mr. Milgram was a part of the capital market businesses at Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown and Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi. Mr. Milgram began his career at Swiss Bank Corp (now UBS), where he was part of the global emerging market team responsible for the bank s proprietary investments in Russia, Africa and the Middle East. Mr. Milgram holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. Mr. Milgram is the Chairman of the Board of Millennium Health, and a member of the board of directors of Septuagint Solutions LLC, STVT-AAI Education Inc. (d/b/a Ancora Education), Britax Group Limited and Rhinoco Inc. He sits on the Board of Directors of the Greenwich Council of the Boy Scouts of America. Mr. Milgram is a member of the Economic Club of New York and the Metro NY Chapter of YPO. Mr. Milgram s qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his extensive leadership, management and board experience, his track record as a founder and Chief Investment Officer of Marblegate and its affiliated funds, his current board experience, including as Chairman of the Board of Millennium Health, and his network of contacts in the distressed credit and restructuring arena. Paul Arrouet has served as our President and an executive director since January 2021. Since 2008, he has also served as Managing Partner of Marblegate. Prior to forming Marblegate, Mr. Arrouet was a six-year Senior Managing Director as well as a twelve-year distressed specialist in the Distressed/High Yield Trading Sales Department at Bear Stearns Co. At Bear Stearns, he managed the trading book focused on stressed/distressed capital structures as well as actively making markets to generate customer flow. Mr. Arrouet spent the first part of his career at Bear Stearns in sales, specializing in distressed debt, high yield and restructuring opportunities. Prior to joining Bear Stearns, he was a salesman and Vice President at Alex. Brown, responsible for helping launch a distressed sales and trading platform as an extension of a successful High Yield Group. He began his career as a junior distressed trader at Oppenheimer Co. Mr. Arrouet earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Arrouet s qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his extensive leadership and management experience, his track record as Managing Partner and principal trader at Marblegate and its affiliated funds, and his wide network of contacts in the distressed investing field. Jeffrey Kravetz has served as our Chief Financial Officer since March 13, 2023. Since March 2023, he has also served as the Chief Financial Officer of Marblegate Asset Management where he is responsible for the accounting, operational and financial activities of the firm. From March 2015 to March 2023, Mr. Kravetz served as the Chief Financial Officer of Contrarian Capital Management, L.L.C., an investment management firm, where he was responsible for the accounting, operational and financial activities of the firm s investment and management entities. From 2015 to 2023, Mr. Kravetz served as director of various non-public investment vehicles affiliated with Contrarian Capital Management, L.L.C. Prior to joining Contrarian, Mr. Kravetz served in a variety of roles, including as a Director and Fund Controller at MSD Capital from September 2003 to February 2015. Prior to that, he was an Auditor at both Deloitte Touche, LLP (June 2002 to September 2003) and Arthur Andersen, LLP (September 2000 to June 2002). Mr. Kravetz holds a B.S. in Accounting from Binghamton University School of Management and is a Certified Public Accountant. He is a member of the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants. Harvey Golub has served as our Chairman of the Board since October 2021. In early 2001, Mr. Golub retired as CEO and chairman of American Express. Currently, Mr. Golub is the non-executive chairman of the board of Dynasty Financial Partners. He also serves on the board of Pagaya Technologies, Ltd., and is a member of its audit, risk and nominating and corporate governance committees. He served as chairman of Miller Buckfire Company (a Stifel Company) from July 2011 to December 2018. He has also served as a member of the advisory board of Marblegate Asset Management LLC since 2009. Mr. Golub also serves on the boards of the American Enterprise Institute (AEI) and the Manhattan Institute for Policy Research, serves on Jupiter Medical Center s board of trustees and is the chairman of its finance and planning committees. Mr. Golub is also chairman of the Maltz Jupiter Theatre endowment board, and is a director emeritus of New 
 34 

Table of Contents 

York-Presbyterian Hospital and the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts and a member of its investment committee. Previously, Mr. Golub served as non-executive chairman on the boards of American International Group (AIG), Campbell Soup Company, and The Reader s Digest Association. He has also served as a member of the board of Dow Jones Company, Hess Corporation, RHJ International, and several private companies. Mr. Golub received a B.S. degree from the New York University in 1961. Mr. Golub is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive experience in leadership and advisor roles and his network of business contacts. Patrick J. Bartels, Jr. has served as one of our directors since December 2022. Mr. Bartels has served as the Managing Member of Redan Advisors LLC, a firm that provides fiduciary services, including board of director representation and strategic planning advisory services for domestic and international public and private business entities, since December 2018. His professional experience includes investing in complex financial restructurings and process-intensive situations in North America, Asia and Europe in a broad universe of industries. Mr. Bartels has served as a director on numerous public and private boards of directors. Mr. Bartels has served on the board of directors of Arch Resources, Inc. (NYSE: ARCH) since October 2016. He serves on or previously served on the boards of WCI Communities, Inc. (from August 2009 to February 2017), Grizzly Energy, LLC (f/k/a Vanguard Natural Resources, Inc.) (since February 2019), Parker Drilling Company (since March 2019), B. Riley Principal Merger Corp. (from April 2019 to February 2020), Hexion Inc. (since July 2019), Monitronics International, Inc. (since July 2019), Centric Brands Inc. (from March 2020 to October 2020), B. Riley Principal Merger Corp. II (from May 2020 to November 2020), Libbey Inc. (since May 2020), Noble Corporation (from February 2021 to October 2022), and on several private company boards. From April 2002 to November 2018, Mr. Bartels served as a Managing Principal at Monarch Alternative Capital LP, a private investment firm that focused primarily on event-driven credit opportunities. From February 2000 to April 2002, he served as research analyst for high yield investments at INVESCO, where he analyzed primary and secondary debt offerings of companies in various industries. Mr. Bartels began his career at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, where he was a Certified Public Accountant. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. Mr. Bartels received a Bachelor of Science in Accounting with a concentration in Finance from Bucknell University. Mr. Bartels is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive accounting, financial and investment experience, as well as his experience as a director for multiple companies including several that have undertaken bankruptcy and restructuring processes. Richard M. Goldman has served as one of our directors since October 2021. Since 2012, Mr. Goldman has been the managing member of Becket Capital, LLC, an advisory services firm for investment management companies. From 2011 to 2012, Mr. Goldman served as Chief Operating Officer of Guggenheim Investments, the global asset management and investment advisory division of Guggenheim Partners, the global asset management and investment advisory division of Guggenheim Partners. From 2006 to 2012, Mr. Goldman was the Chief Executive Officer of Rydex Investments, the investment advisor to Rydex Funds. He also served as the Chief Executive Officer of Forstmann Leff Associates from 2003 to 2005 and was the Head of Deutsche Asset Management s Americas Institutional Business from 1999 to 2003. Prior to this, Mr. Goldman held leadership positions at State Street Global Advisors, IBM and Procter Gamble. From August, 2019 to June 2021, Mr. Goldman served as a member of the Board of Directors of Silver Spike Acquisition Corporation, a SPAC that completed a business combination with WM Holding Company, LLC (NASDAQ:MAPS) in June 2021. Since August 2019, he has also served as a director of Silver Spike Acquisition Corp. II (NASDAQ:SPKB) and Silver Spike III Acquisition Corp. (NEO:SPKC.UN.U), two special purpose acquisition companies that are still searching for business combination targets. Since December 2022, he has served on the board of directors of AlphaTrAI, Inc., a fintech company. Mr. Goldman previously served as the Independent Chairman of the Board of the Harvest Volatility Edge Trust; a member of the Board of Directors of Trinitas Capital Management, a credit-focused investment management firm; as Lead Independent Director for the Axonic Alternative Income Interval Fund; and as an Independent Director for the O Shares Investments ETF Trust. Mr. Goldman received a bachelor s degree from Bowdoin College. Mr. Goldman is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive leadership and business development roles. Alan J. Mintz has served as one of our directors since October 2021. Mr. Mintz is a Managing Principal of Stone Lion L.P. Mr. Mintz co-founded Stone Lion in August 2008 and launched the Stone Lion Funds in November 2008. From 1997 to 2008, Mr. Mintz was employed by Bear Stearns, where he served as a Senior Managing Director, a Global Co-Head of Distressed Debt Trading and Proprietary Investments and the Director of Distressed Research. Mr. Mintz served on the board of directors of Ultra Petroleum Corporation from 2017 through 2020. He also served as a board member of various Bear Stearns portfolio companies. From 1990 to 1997, Mr. Mintz worked at Policano Manzo as a Restructuring Advisor, advising creditors and debtors of financially troubled companies. For several years prior to that, he worked in public accounting, beginning his career at Arthur Andersen Company, a nationally recognized accounting firm, where he was employed from 1983 until 1989 and was a Senior Manager in the Tax Division. Mr. Mintz received a Bachelor of Science from Boston University in 1983. Mr. Mintz is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive experience as an investment professional and financial advisor. Wallace Mathai-Davis has served as one of our directors since October 2021. Mr. Mathai-Davis has been a member of Marblegate s Board of Advisors since 2009. He has over 30 years of experience as a C-suite executive in FinTech, international asset management, wealth management and merchant banking. Mr. Mathai-Davis is a co-founder and Board member of Q.ai, an artificial intelligence (AI) digital Registered Investment Advisor which offers AI constructed SMA hedge fund portfolios digitally to non- 
 35 

Table of Contents 

institutional investors. A controlling interest of Q.ai was acquired by Forbes Global Media in 2019. Mr. Mathai-Davis is Chairman of 360 Trading Networks Inc., the North American subsidiary of 360 Treasury Systems (the largest FX ECN in Europe). He was a member of the Supervisory Board of the parent 360 Treasury Systems in Germany for many years prior to its sale to the Deutsche Boerse. Mr. Mathai-Davis co-founded and was co-CEO and Board member of ChinaVest, Ltd., one of the first independent merchant banks chartered in the People s Republic of China. He was a director of Regina Pacific International, a China Holding Company (CHC), with diversified real estate and operating company assets in China. Prior to co-founding ChinaVest, he joined the Board of Directors of Mercantile Bankshares as Chairman of Investment and Wealth Management for the purpose of restructuring the investment and wealth management businesses. Mr. Mathai-Davis was the COO, CFO and partner at Offitbank from 1986 to 2002. Mr. Mathai-Davis has served on the boards of three public companies and numerous boards of investment related funds. Mr. Mathai Davis has been widely involved in the nonprofit sector and was treasurer of the board of trustees of the Cathedral Church of St John the Divine for 13 years. Mr. Mathai-Davis is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive experience in leadership roles within the financial sector. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors We currently have seven directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we were required to hold an annual meeting one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The Extension Special Meeting on December 2, 2022 was held in lieu of our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Richard M. Goldman and Wallace Mathai-Davis, who were re-elected at the Extension Special Meeting, will expire at our fourth annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Harvey Golub and Alan J. Mintz, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Andrew Milgram, Paul Arrouet, and Patrick J. Bartels, Jr. will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Alan Mintz, Richard Goldman and Wallace Mathai-Davis serve as members of our audit committee, and Alan Mintz chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Alan Mintz, Richard Goldman and Wallace Mathai-Davis meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Alan Mintz qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 
 36 

Table of Contents 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the FASB, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Alan Mintz and Richard Goldman serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Alan Mintz and Richard Goldman are independent and Richard Goldman chairs the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluations; 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to our sponsor of 10,000 per month, for secretarial and administrative support and reimbursement of expenses, and the 50,000 monthly fee paid to Mr. Bartels for his services as a member of the special committee of our board of directors Special Committee beginning on December 2, 2022 until the earlier of (x) the date of the consummation of the DePalma Business Combination and (y) the date on which we advise Mr. Bartels we have determined to terminate discussions with the DePalma Companies with respect to the DePalma Business Combination; provided, however, that in any event we will be obligated to pay Mr. Bartels a minimum of six (6) monthly payments (aggregating three hundred thousand dollars 300,000)), no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, has been or will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Alan Mintz and Richard Goldman. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the IPO Registration Statement. You can review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all reports applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, except that Mr. Bartels did not timely file a Form 3. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. None of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. With the exception of Mr. Bartels, who is being paid a monthly fee of 50,000 for his services as a member of the Special Committee beginning on December 2, 2022 until the earlier of (x) the date of the consummation of the DePalma Business Combination and (y) the date on which we advise Mr. Bartels we have determined to terminate discussions with the DePalma Companies with respect to the DePalma Business Combination; provided, however, that in any event we will be obligated to pay Mr. Bartels a minimum of six (6) monthly payments (aggregating three hundred thousand dollars 300,000)), no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, advisory fee, reimbursement fee or consulting fee, has been or will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. We do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination are made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination, such as the DePalma Registration Statement. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 30, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 12,223,724 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 1,920,391 shares of our Class A common stock and (ii) 10,303,333 shares of our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding as of March 30, 2022. On all matters to be voted upon, including the election of directors of the board, holders of the shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the shares of Class B common stock are convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Common Stock 

Class B Common Stock 

Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Marblegate Acquisition LLC (2) 

610,000 

31.8 

7,829,469 

76.0 

69.0 

Andrew Milgram (2) 

610,000 

31.8 

7,829,469 

76.0 

69.0 

Paul Arrouet (2) 

610,000 

31.8 

7,829,469 

76.0 

69.0 

Richard Goldman (3) 

Harvey Golub (3) 

Jeffrey Kravetz 

Alan J. Mintz (3) 

Wallace Mathai-Davis (3) 

Patrick J. Bartels, Jr. 

All executive officers and directors as a group (8 individuals) 

610,000 

31.8 

7,829,469 

76.0 

69.0 

Other 5 Stockholders 

Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (4) 

300,000 

15.6 

2.5 

Grassland Parties (5) 

150,000 

7.8 

1.2 

Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (6) 

150,000 

7.8 

1.2 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Marblegate Acquisition LLC, 5 Greenwich Office Park, Suite 400, Greenwich, CT 06831. 

(2) 
 Our sponsor is the record holder of such shares. Marblegate is the managing member of our sponsor and has voting and investment discretion with respect to the securities held by our sponsor and may be deemed to beneficially own such shares. Andrew Milgram and Paul Arrouet, as Managing Partners of Marblegate, may be deemed to exercise voting and investment power over the securities held by our sponsor and therefore may be deemed to beneficially own such securities. Each such entity or person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

(3) 
 Each such person is a direct or indirect member of our sponsor and disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(4) 
 As described elsewhere in this Report, Cantor purchased 300,000 private placement units for a purchase price of 10.00 per unit in the private placement. Each private placement unit contains one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one whole warrant. Each whole warrant contained in a private placement unit entitles the holder to purchase one whole share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. The private placement warrants included in the private placement units (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The business address for Cantor is 499 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022. 

(5) 
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 6, 2023, 150,000 shares of Class A common stock are owned by Grassland Investors, LLC Grassland ). Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C. (the Management Company ), the manager of Grassland, with respect to the Class A common stock held by Grassland, may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of such shares held by Grassland. The following persons, each of whom is a managing member or senior managing member, of the Management Company, with respect to the Class A common stock held by Grassland: Joshua J. Dapice, Philip D. Dreyfuss, Hannah E. Dunn, Michael B. Fisch, Richard B. Fried, Varun N. Gehani, Nicolas Giauque, David T. Kim, Michael G. Linn, Rajiv A. Patel, Thomas G. Roberts, Jr., Edric C. Saito, William Seybold, Daniel S. Short, Andrew J. M. Spokes, John R. Warren, and Mark C. Wehrly (together, the Farallon Individual Reporting Persons and together with the Management Company and Grassland, the Grassland Parties ). Each of the Farallon Individual Reporting Persons, as a managing member or senior managing member, of the Management Company, in each case with the power to exercise investment discretion, may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of such shares held by Grassland. Each of the Management Company and the Farallon Individual Reporting Persons disclaims any beneficial ownership of any such shares. The business address for the Grassland Parties is c/o Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C., One Maritime Plaza, Suite 2100, San Francisco, California 94111. 

(6) 
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023, Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. Polar ), owns 150,000 shares of Class A common stock. Polar serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted company PMSMF with respect to the shares of Class A common stock directly held by PMSMF. The business address for Polar is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans None. Changes in Control For more information on the DePalma Business Combination, please see Item 1. Business. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. In January 2021, our sponsor purchased 8,625,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. In September 2021, we effected a stock dividend of 0.3694 shares for each share of Class B common stock outstanding, resulting in our sponsor holding 11,810,833 founder shares. The number of founder shares issued (as adjusted for the stock dividend) was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 25 of the outstanding shares upon completion of our initial public offering (including the private placement shares). Up to 1,507,500 founder shares are subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised. The founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Our sponsor and Cantor purchased an aggregate of 910,000 private placement units (610,000 private placement units purchased by our sponsor and 300,000 private placement units purchased by Cantor) for a purchase price of 10.00 per unit in the private placement. Each private placement unit contains one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one whole warrant. Each whole warrant contained in a private placement unit entitles the holder to purchase one whole share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. The private placement warrants included in the private placement units (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which Marblegate or an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the initial business combination by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. We have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. In December 2022, in connection with Mr. Bartels appointment to our board of directors, we agreed to pay Mr. Bartels 50,000 per month for his services as a member of the Special Committee beginning on December 2, 2022 until the earlier of (x) the date of the consummation of the DePalma Business Combination and (y) the date on which we advise Mr. Bartels we have determined to terminate discussions with the DePalma Companies with respect to the DePalma Business Combination; provided, however, that in any event we will be obligated to pay Mr. Bartels a minimum of six monthly payments (aggregating 300,000). Other than the foregoing, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, has been or will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. We do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and determines which expenses and the amount of expenses that are reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

On January 15, 2021, we issued the IPO Promissory Note to our sponsor, pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The IPO Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the completion of the initial public offering. The outstanding loan of 186,819 was repaid at the closing of the initial public offering. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us Working Capital Loans on a non-interest bearing basis as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay any such Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay any such Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the private placement units. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. On June 30, 2022, we issued the 2022 Promissory Note to Marblegate SOMF, a member of our sponsor, for a Working Capital Loan for which we may borrow up to the principal sum of 600,000. The 2022 Promissory Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier of (i) the date on which we consummate our initial business combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. At the option of the lender, at any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance of the 2022 Promissory Note, the lender may elect to convert up to 600,000 of the unpaid principal balance of the note into Conversion Shares, equal to (x) the portion of the principal amount of the note being converted, divided by (y) 10.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares. The Conversion Shares will be identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units issued in the private placement. On July 1, 2022, we borrowed 200,000 under the 2022 Promissory Note. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 200,000 and 0 outstanding balances under the 2022 Promissory Note. On February 13, 2023, we issued the 2023 Promissory Note in the principal amount of up to 1,100,000 to Marblegate SOMF for Working Capital Loans for advances Marblegate SOMF has made, and may make in the future, to us. The 2023 Promissory Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which we consummate our initial business combination and (ii) the date that our winding up is effective. At the election of Marblegate SOMF, all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the 2023 Promissory Note may be converted into Conversion Shares, equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the 2023 Promissory Note being converted, divided by (y) 10.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares. The Conversion Shares will be identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units issued by us to the sponsor and Cantor in the private placement. The Conversion Shares are entitled to the registration rights set forth above in the 2022 Promissory Note. We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our officers and directors. These agreements require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against liabilities that may arise by reason of their service to us, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. In connection with the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor sold 2,473,864 founder shares to certain anchor investors at their original purchase price. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the founder shares attributable to the anchor investors to be 20,656,764, or 8.35 per share. Upon consummation of the DePalma Business Combination, the Sponsor and New MAC will enter into a Management Services Agreement MSA ), pursuant to which the sponsor will provide certain management services to New MAC including (i) evaluating, managing, performing due diligence on, negotiating and overseeing the acquisition and disposition of New MAC s and its subsidiaries assets, (ii) evaluating, managing, negotiating and overseeing the origination, structuring, restructuring and workout of taxi-medallion loans and other loans held by New MAC (other than typical daily loan servicing activities), (iii) managing New MAC s and its subsidiaries day-to-day business and operations in complying with any regulatory requirements applicable to them in respect of their business activities, (iv) evaluating the financial and operational performance of any of New MAC s subsidiaries, (v) providing a management team to serve as executive officers of New MAC and/or its subsidiaries, including providing day-to-day financial, operational and other executive management services (vi) identifying, evaluating, managing, performing due diligence on, negotiating and overseeing the provision of debt or equity financing as well as the acquisition of all or a portion of target businesses or assets, in each case, by New MAC, and (vii) performing any other services for and on behalf of New MAC and its subsidiaries to the extent that such services are consistent with those that are customarily performed by the executive officers and employees of a publicly listed company. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

The MSA shall be effective upon consummation of the DePalma Business Combination and continue in operation, unless terminated in accordance with its terms, until the fifth (5 th anniversary of the Closing, subject to certain automatic renewals. After our initial business combination, including the proposed DePalma Business Combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. In addition, the management services for New MAC following the consummation of the DePalma Business Combination will be provided by Marblegate and paid pursuant to the MSA. All of these director and management services fees will be fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders in connection with our proposed business combination, such as the DePalma Registration Statement. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. With respect to the MSA, we have engaged in preliminary discussions with Marblegate but have not definitively agreed to any limits regarding the amount of director or management services fees that may be paid by New MAC to its directors or to Marblegate under the MSA. Any payments to be made pursuant to the MSA will be determined, or recommended to the New MAC board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on the New MAC board of directors. For more information on the agreements entered into in connection with the DePalma Business Combination, please see Item 1. Business . Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Richard Goldman, Alan Mintz, Wallace Mathai-Davis and Patrick J. Bartels, Jr. are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14 . 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately 109,695 and 67,965, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not pay Marcum any audit-related fees. Tax Fees We did not pay Marcum for tax services, planning or advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

All Other Fees We did not pay Marcum for any other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 45 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: (1) Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 688) 

F-2 

Balance Sheets 

F-3 

Statements of Operations 

F-4 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 to F-22 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. (3) Exhibits We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits can be inspected on the SEC website at www.sec.gov . 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. Not applicable. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 
 MARBLEGATE ACQUISITION CORP. 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 688) 

F-2

Financial Statements:

Balance Sheets 

F-3

Statements of Operations 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 to F-22

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Marblegate Acquisition Corp. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Marblegate Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022, are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 / S
/ Marcum LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 
 March 3 1

, 2023 
 PCAOB ID Number 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

MARBLEGATE ACQUISITION CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31,

2022

2021

ASSETS

Current assets

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total Current Assets

Other assets

Marketable securities held in Trust Account

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT

Current liabilities

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Income taxes payable

Total Current Liabilities

Deferred legal fees

Working capital loan related party

Warrant liability

Deferred underwriting fee payable

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6)

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; shares authorized; and shares at and per share redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Stockholders Deficit

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

Total Stockholders Deficit

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

MARBLEGATE ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

Operating and formation costs

Loss from operations

Other income (expense):

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Unrealized loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account

() 
 
 Interest income on marketable securities held in Trust Account

Transaction costs associated with the Initial Public Offering

() 

Total other income, net

Income (Loss) before provision for income taxes

() 
 
 Provision for income taxes

() 

Net income (loss)

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common share, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock and non-redeemable
 Class A common stock

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common share, Class B common stock and non-redeemable
 Class A common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

MARBLEGATE ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class A

 Common Stock

Class B

 Common Stock

Additional Paid-in

Retained

Total Stockholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Earnings

Deficit

Balance January 1, 2021

Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor

Accretion for Class A common stock to redemption amount

() 

() 

() 
 
 Sale of Private Placement Units

Proceeds received in excess of fair value of Private Placement Warrants, net of offering costs

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

Offering costs charged to operations allocated to anchor investors

Forfeiture of Founder Shares

() 

() 

Net loss

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2021

Accretion for Class A common stock to redemption amount

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Balance December 31, 2022

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-5 

Table of Contents 

MARBLEGATE ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income (loss)

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account

() 

() 
 
 Unrealized loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account

Transaction costs associated with the Initial Public Offering

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

() 

() 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

() 
 
 Other assets

() 
 
 Accrued expenses

Deferred legal fee

Income taxes payable

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Investment of cash in Trust Account

() 
 
 Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units

Repayment of advances from related party

() 
 
 Proceeds from promissory notes related party

Repayment of promissory notes related party

() 
 
 Proceeds from convertible promissory note related party

Payment of offering costs

() 
 
 Redemption of common stock

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

Net Change in Cash

Cash Beginning

Cash Ending

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities:

Deferred underwriting fee payable

Accretion for Class A common stock subject to redemption amount

Initial classification of warrant liability

Initial classification of common stock subject to redemption

Offering costs charged to operations allocated to anchor investors

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-6 

Table of Contents 

MARBLEGATE ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 . The Company was formed for the purpose of effectuating a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). 
 The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation, the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering ), which is described below, and identifying a target Company for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating
 income in the form of interest income from the marketable securities held in the Trust Account (as defined below). 
 The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on September 30, 2021. On October 5, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to Marblegate Acquisition LLC (the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 
 Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees, net of reimbursement, of deferred underwriting fees, of other offering costs (including for the fair value of the private warrants included in the Private Placement Units, and of offering costs) and for the fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to certain anchor investors (see Note 5). 
 Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on October 5, 2021, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States and held in cash items or invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7
 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s stockholders, as described below. 
 The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 
 The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business 

Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least either prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or do not vote at all. 
 Notwithstanding the above, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 
 The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to its Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination, (b) to waive its liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination by July 5, 2023, unless further extended and (c) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial Business Combination or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial
 Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 
 On December 7, 2022, the Company filed an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the Extension Amendment ). The Extension Amendment extends the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination from January 5, 2023, to July 5, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by the Company s board of directors (the Extension ). 
 As a result of the Extension Amendment, the Company has until July 5, 2023, to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, including all available extensions, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public S hares, at a per-share price, p
ayable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 
 The Sponsor and Cantor have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares and the shares of Class A common stock underlying the Private Placement Units (the Private Placement Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than . 

In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) per Public Share or (2) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 
 The anchor investors will not be entitled to (i) redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares held by them in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in a manner that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (iii) rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period). 
 Risks and Uncertainties 

Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19
 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and the search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 
 Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in its operating bank account, in marketable securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its common stock in connection therewith and an adjusted working capital of which excludes franchise and income taxes payable as such amounts can be paid from the interest earned in the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022, of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented interest income, which is available to pay the Company s tax obligations. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had withdrawn of interest income from the Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes and in connection with the redemption of Public Shares associated with the Extension. 
 Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination and/or any other related activities. 
 The Company may need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs Working Capital Loans ). Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. In instances of working capital deficits, the Sponsor has agreed to fund cash shortfalls up to . On June 30, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note to a member of the Sponsor for a working capital loan for which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate amount of (See Note 5). As of December 31, 2022, is outstanding on the working capital loan. On February 13, 2023, the Company issued the 2023 Note, an additional promissory note to the Sponsor in the amount of (see Note 11). If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. 
 The Company expects to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. The Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. If the Company is unable to complete the Business Combination because it does not have sufficient funds available, the Company will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until July 5, 2023, to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date and an extension has not been requested by the Sponsor and approved by the Company s stockholders, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity issue and the mandatory liquidation raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be required to liquidate after July 5, 2023. The Company intends to continue to search for and seek to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

In connection with the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of stockholders held by the Company on December 2, 2022, stockholders holding shares of the Company s Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, approximately million (approximately per share) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company had Public Shares outstanding. 
 Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at and redemption value as temporary equity, respectively, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. 

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

() 
 
 Class A common stock issuance costs

() 
 
 Plus:

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021

Less:

Redemption of Class A common stock

() 
 
 Plus:

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022

, of which were charged to stockholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering (inclusive of the for the fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to certain anchor investors (see Note 5) and were expensed to the statements of operation. Offering costs of allocated to the Private Placement Warrants were expensed to the statements of operations. 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory rate of for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, primarily due to changes in fair value in warrant liability and the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. 
 ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
 to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition. 

The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 
 The Company has identified the United States as its only major tax jurisdiction. The Company is subject to income taxation and may be examined by major taxing authorities since inception. These examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 
 Class A common stock in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did t have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per common stock is the same as basic net income (loss) per common stock for the periods presented. 

() 

() 
 
 Denominator:

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock

() 

() 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 
 Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 8).
 Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement. Each whole warrant is exercisable to purchase Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Units were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Units will expire worthless. 
 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

MARBLEGATE ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

of outstanding advances from the Sponsor towards the issuance of shares of the Company s Class B common stock. In September 2021, , resulting in the Sponsor holding Founder Shares (the Founder Shares ). The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the holders of the Founder Shares would collectively own, on an as-converted
 basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (including the Private Placement Shares). As a result of the underwriter s option not to exercise its over-allotment option, a total of 1,507,500 Founder Shares were forfeited. 
 The holders of the Founder Shares have agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to our initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading
 day period commencing at least days after our initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 
 In connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor sold Founder Shares to certain anchor investors at their original purchase price. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the anchor investors to be , or per share. The fair value of the Founder Shares were valued using a binomial/lattice model. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering cost was allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to the total proceeds received. Offering costs related to the Founder Shares amounted to , of which was charged to stockholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and was expensed to the statements of operation and included in transaction costs attributable to warrant liabilities. 
 On October 5, 2021, upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor sold membership interests to each of four directors of the Company. The membership interests entitle each director to Founder Shares, for an aggregate of shares, to be transferred to the directors if a Business Combination is consummated. The total consideration paid for these membership interests was . Three of the directors were also part of the Sponsor group and invested for their pro-rata
 share of the Sponsor contribution for Founder Shares and Private Placement Units. Each Founder Share will automatically convert to one share of Class A common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination. The Sponsor will retain all voting and dispositive power over all Founder Shares until the consummation of the Business Combination, after which the Sponsor will distribute to each holder of the membership interests its share of the Founder Shares, subject to applicable lock-up
 restrictions. 
 The sale of the membership interests to the Company s directors is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the shares granted to the Company s directors was or per share. The Founder Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares multiplied by the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares. 

Promissory Notes Related Party 

On January 15, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of . The Promissory Note was non-interest
 bearing and payable on the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding loan of was repaid at the time of the Initial Public Offering. 
 On March 27, 2022, the Sponsor signed a commitment letter stating that in instances of cash shortfalls, the Sponsor agreed to provide support of up to to enable the Company to continue its operations and meet its potential obligations. On June 30, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note to Marblegate Special Opportunities Master Fund, L.P., a member of the Sponsor Marblegate SOMF ). for a Working Capital Loan for which the Company may borrow up to the principal sum of . The note bears interest and is due and payable upon the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Maker is effective. At the option of the payee Payee ), at any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance of the note, the Payee may elect to convert up to of the unpaid principal balance of the note into that number of shares of Class A common stock of the Company (the Conversion Shares ), equal to (x) the portion of the principal amount of the note being converted, divided by (y) , rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares. The Conversion Shares shall be identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units issued in the Private Placement. On July 1, 2022, the Company borrowed under the promissory note for the Working Capital Loan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and outstanding balances under the Working Capital Loans. 
 On February 13, 2023, the Company issued the 2023 Note, a further promissory note in the principal amount of up to to Marblegate SOMF (see Note 11). 
 Administrative Support Agreement 

The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on September 30, 2021 through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to pay the Sponsor a total not to exceed per month for secretarial and administrative support. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred in fees for these services, which fees are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred in fees for these services, which fees are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet. 
 -day
 option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. As a result of the underwriters election not to exercise their over-allotment, the additional Units were not purchased. 
 The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of of the gross proceeds of the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, or . The deferred fee will be paid in cash upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 
 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

MARBLEGATE ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

outstanding Private Placement Warrants. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable
 so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants are redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 
 shares of par value preferred stock. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
 Class

A Common Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue up to shares of Class A common stock, par value. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, excluding and shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption and presented as temporary equity, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31 2021, respectively. 
 Class

B Common Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue up to shares of Class B common stock, par value. Holders of the Company s Class B common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 
 Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, except as required by law. 
 The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination, on a one-for-one

 basis, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which the shares of Class B common stock will convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
 basis, of the sum of all shares of common stock issued and outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent units issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company. 
 Public Warrants 

Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) days after the consummation of a Business Combination or (b) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. 

The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of a Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If any such registration statement has not been declared effective by the 60th business day following the closing of a Business Combination, holders of the warrants will have the right, during the period beginning on the 61st business day after the closing of a Business Combination and ending upon such registration statement being declared effective by the SEC, and during any other period when the company fails to have maintained an effective registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The Company will not redeem the warrants unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available throughout the 30-day
 redemption period, except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable, the Company may not exercise its redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or the Company is unable to effect such registration or qualification. The Company will use its best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by the Company in this Initial Public Offering. 
 Redemption of Warrants When the Price per share of Class

 A common stock Equals or Exceeds 

 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per Public Warrant; 

upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the shares of Class A common stock for any trading days within a -trading
 day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). 
 If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the Company calls the warrants for redemption, its management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. 
 The exercise price and number of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. 
 In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares or Private Placement Units (or underlying securities) held by the Sponsor or its affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of such initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 
 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

MARBLEGATE ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Startup/Organization Expenses

Unrealized loss on marketable securities

() 

Total deferred tax assets

Valuation Allowance

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets

Deferred

() 

() 
 
 State and Local

Current

Deferred

Change in valuation allowance

Income tax provision

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and of U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income, respectively. 
 In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the change in the valuation allowance was . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

() 

Transaction costs associated with the Initial Public Offering

() 
 
 Valuation allowance

() 

Income tax provision

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. The Company s tax returns for the year ended December 31, 2021 remain open and subject to examination.

1 

Liabilities:

Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants

3 

3 

The Private Placement Warrants were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40
 and are presented within warrant liabilities in the accompanying balance sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within the statements of operations. 
 The Private Placement Warrants were valued using a binomial lattice model, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The binomial lattice model s primary unobservable input utilized in determining the fair value of the Warrants is the expected volatility of the common stock. The expected volatility as of the closing date of the Initial Public Offering date was derived from observable public warrant pricing on comparable blank-check companies without an identified target. 

Exercise price

Expected term (in years)

Volatility

Risk-free rate

Dividend yield

Change in fair value

() 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022

Warrant Liabilities

Fair value as of December 10, 2020 (inception)

Initial measurement on October 5, 2021

Change in fair value

() 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021

Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs. There were no transfers in or out of Level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 share 
 minimum requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Global Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(1)(B) (the MPLS Requirement ). On March 7, 2023, we submitted a plan to regain compliance with the MPLS Requirement for continued listing. On March 24, 2023, Nasdaq notified us that it had accepted our plan and granted us an extension until July 20, 2023 to evidence compliance with the MPLS Requirement. 

Also on January 21, 2023, the Company received a deficiency notice from the Staff indicating that, for the preceding 30 consecutive business days, the Company s Market Value of Publicly Held Shares MVPHS was below the million minimum requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Global Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(C) (the MVPHS Requirement ). This notification has no immediate effect on the listing or trading of the Company s common stock on The Nasdaq Global Market and the Company s common stock will continue to trade under the symbol GATE . In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(D), the Company has a period of 180 calendar days, or until July 24, 2023 (the Compliance Period ), to regain compliance with the MVPHS Requirement. If, at any time before the end of the Compliance Period, the Company s MVPHS closes at million or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, the Staff will provide the Company written confirmation of compliance with the MVPHS Requirement and this matter will be closed. The Company intends to monitor the market value of the Company s listed securities and will consider available options to regain compliance with the MVPHS Requirement. In the event the Company does not regain compliance with the MVPHS Requirement prior to the Compliance Date, it will receive written notification that its securities are subject to delisting from The Nasdaq Global Market. At such time, the Company will have the opportunity to appeal the delisting decision in front of a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. 
 On February 13, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note in the principal amount of up to to Marblegate SOMF (the 2023 Note ). The 2023 Note was issued in connection with advances Marblegate SOMF has made, and may make in the future, to the Company for working capital expenses. The 2023 Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination and (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. At the election of the Marblegate SOMF, all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the 2023 Note may be converted into shares of Class A common stock of the Company (the Conversion Shares ), equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the Note being converted, divided by (y) , rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares. The Conversion Shares will be identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units issued by the Company to its sponsor and the representative of the underwriters in a private placement in connection with the Company s initial public offering. The Conversion Shares are entitled to the registration rights set forth in the 2023 N ote.

On February 14, 2023, the Company entered into a business combination agreement (as it may be amended or restated from time to time, the DePalma Business Combination Agreement ), with Marblegate Asset Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Marblegate ), Marblegate Capital Corporation, a Delaware corporation New MAC ), MAC Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of New MAC Merger Sub ), DePalma Acquisition I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company DePalma I ), and DePalma Acquisition II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company DePalma II, and together with DePalma I, DePalma ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to combine with DePalma in a series of transactions that will result in New MAC becoming a publicly-traded company whose shares are expected to trade on the Nasdaq Global Market. For more information on the DePalma Business Combination Agreement, see Item 1. Business of the Report.

O

n March 13, 2023, Mark Zoldan, the prior Chief Financial Officer of the Company, separated from the Company in order to pursue other interests, effective March 13, 2023. 

On March 17, 2023, the Company s board of directors appointed Jeffrey Kravetz as the Company s Chief Financial Officer and principal accounting officer, effective as of March 13, 2023.
 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated September 30, 2021, by and between the Company and Cantor, as representative of the several underwriters. (2) 

2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated February 14, 2023, by and among the Company, Marblegate, New MAC, Merger Sub and the DePalma Companies. (7) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (2) 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (5) 

3.3 
 
 By Laws. (1) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (1) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (1) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (1) 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated September 30, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental, as warrant agent. (2) 

4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. (3) 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated September 30, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the sponsor. (2) 

10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated January 15, 2021, issued to the sponsor. (1) 

10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated September 30, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental, as trustee. (2) 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 30, 2021, by and among the Company, the sponsor and certain other security holders. (2) 

10.5 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated September 30, 2021, by and between the Company and the sponsor. (2) 

10.7 
 
 Unit Subscription Agreement, dated September 30, 2021, by and between the Company and the sponsor. (2) 

10.8 
 
 Unit Subscription Agreement, dated September 30, 2021, by and between the Company and Cantor. (2) 

10.9 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (1) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Investment Agreement by and among the Company, the sponsor and the anchor investors (9.9 ). (1) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Investment Agreement by and among the Company, the sponsor and the anchor investors (4.9 ). (1) 

10.12 
 
 Form of Investment Agreement by and among the Company, the sponsor and the anchor investors (2.5 ). (1) 

10.13 
 
 Promissory Note dated June 30, 2022. (4) 

10.14 
 
 Promissory Note, dated February 13, 2023. (6) 

10.15 
 
 Form of Sponsor Support Agreement, by and among the Company, New MAC, the DePalma Companies, and certain stockholders of the Company. (7) 

10.16 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 2, 2022, by and between the Company and Patrick J. Bartels, Jr. 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics. (1) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter. (1) 

99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter. (1) 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Company agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request; provided, however, that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act, as amended, for any schedule or exhibit so furnished. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-259422), filed with the SEC on September 9, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 5, 2021. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 7, 2022. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 7, 2022. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 17, 2023. 

(7) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 21, 2023. 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 31, 2023 

Marblegate Acquisition Corp. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Andrew Milgram 

Name: 
 
 Andrew Milgram 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Andrew Milgram 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Andrew Milgram 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jeffrey Kravetz 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey Kravetz 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Paul Arrouet 
 
 President and Executive Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Paul Arrouet 

/s/ Harvey Golub 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Harvey Golub 

/s/ Patrick J. Bartels, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Patrick J. Bartels, Jr. 

/s/ Richard Goldman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Richard Goldman 

/s/ Alan Mintz 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Alan Mintz 

/s/ Wallace Mathai-Davis 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Wallace Mathai-Davis 

<EX-10.16>
 2
 d448879dex1016.htm
 EX-10.16

EX-10.16 

Exhibit 10.16 
 Execution Version 
 MARBLEGATE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 Personal and Confidential December 2, 2022
 Redan Advisors LLC c/o Patrick J. Bartels, Jr. 

Re: 
 Appointment as Independent Director 
 Dear Patrick, Further to our discussions and
your appointment as an independent director of the Board of Directors (the Board of Marblegate Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), I am happy to provide this letter agreement (this Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of your directorship. 

1. 
 Start Date . Your position as an independent director of the Board will commence on December 2, 2022
(the Start Date ). 

2. 
 Roles and Responsibilities . You shall be assigned the duties and responsibilities (including potentially
serving on committees of the Board) as are customary of an independent director and as may from time to time be assigned by the Board or its designee in relation to the Company and each and all of the companies, entities, partnerships, or businesses
controlled by, controlling, or under common control with the Company and its respective subsidiaries (collectively, the Company Entities ). 

3. 
 Director Fee . During and subject to your continued service as an independent director on the special
committee of the Board or of any of the other Company Entities boards and subject to your not being otherwise employed by the Company or any of the Company Entities, you shall receive a director fee (the Director Fee at a
rate of fifty thousand dollars 50,000) per month payable in advance on the 15 th day of each calendar month and with the first month s payment payable on the date hereof, from the period
beginning on the Start Date until the earlier of (x) the date of the consummation of a definitive business combination with DePalma Acquisition I LLC and DePalma Acquisition II LLC (collectively, the Target and (y) the
date the Company advises you that it has determined to terminate its discussions with the Target with respect to a business combination (such period, the Directorship Period provided , however , that in any event,
the Company shall be obligated to pay a minimum of six (6) monthly payments (aggregating three hundred thousand dollars 300,000)) to you by reason of your service as an independent director of the Board (the Minimum Fee ).
For the avoidance of doubt, the Director Fee during any partial month of service will be pro-rated. 
 1 

4. 
 Term of Directorship . Your position as an independent director of the Board is subject to the terms and
conditions of the Company s organizational documents and is terminable by either you or the Company for any reason and at any time upon written notice to the other party. Subject to the terms of Section 3 of this
Agreement (including payment of the Minimum Fee), in the event that your position as an independent director of the Board terminates for any reason, you shall receive only your Director Fee through the date of such termination, and you will not be
entitled to any additional compensation or benefits whatsoever. Further, in the event that your position as an independent director of the Board terminates for any reason, any and all positions you hold with any of the Company Entities shall
automatically terminate and you agree to execute any documents or take any actions required to effectuate the foregoing, including applicable resignation letters. 

5. 
 Indemnification . You shall be entitled to indemnification and exculpation (your Indemnification
Rights as provided in the Company s applicable director and officer insurance policy and organizational documents and in that certain Indemnity Agreement entered into between you and the Company, dated as of even date herewith (the
 Indemnity Agreement ). 

6. 
 No Benefits . During the Directorship Period, except for your Director Fee, your Indemnification Rights
and your right to reimbursement of expenses as determined and approved by the Board pursuant to the Company s organizational documents, you shall not participate in, or receive, any of the benefits, rights, privileges, interests, or perquisites
that the Company or any of the Company Entities extend to any of their respective employees, including relating to any employee benefit plan or program, wage, compensation, reimbursement, commission, bonus, profit sharing, carried interest, equity,
phantom equity, or any benefit relating to paid vacation, sick, personal, or other time off, severance, separation from service, pension, retirement, social security, savings, 401K, welfare, health, medical, dental, life, disability, unemployment,
or workers compensation. 

7. 
 Independent Contractor Status . You shall be an independent contractor of the Company and nothing in this
Agreement is intended to, or shall be deemed or construed to, create any partnership, agency, joint venture, or employment relationship between or among you, on the one hand, and any Company Party (as defined below), on the other hand. As such, your
relationship to the Company and the Company Parties shall only be that of an independent contractor and you shall perform all services pursuant to this Agreement as an independent contractor. The Company and the Company Parties shall not, with
respect to your services, exercise or have the power to exercise such level of control over you as would indicate or establish that a relationship of employer and employee exists between you and the Company or the Company Parties. You shall have
full and complete control over the manner and method of rendering the services hereunder. 

8. 
 Taxes . The Company will issue, or cause to be issued, you a tax form(s) 1099 which reflects any Director
Fee paid pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of the Company Parties makes any representation to you concerning the tax consequences of such Director Fee. Neither the Company nor any of the Company
Parties shall withhold or deduct from any such amounts in respect of taxes, income taxes, employment taxes, or withholdings of any nature on your behalf. It is intended that such amounts shall constitute revenues to you and that you shall be solely
responsible for the withholding and payment of any foreign, federal, state, local, or other income, payroll, employment, or other taxes. You are solely responsible for withholding and paying all foreign, federal, state, and local taxes, including
income 
 2 

taxes, business taxes, estimated taxes, self-employment taxes, and any other taxes, fees,
additions to tax, interest, or penalties (collectively, all of the foregoing, Taxes which may be assessed, imposed, or incurred as a result of or relating to this Agreement (including the Director Fee) or any amounts received by
you from the Company or the Company Parties relating thereto. You shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company and the Company Parties from and against any and all Taxes or other liability (including interest, penalties, accountants and
attorneys fees, costs, and expenses) for any Taxes or other liability which may be assessed, imposed, or incurred as a result of or relating to this Agreement or any amounts received by you from the Company or the Company Parties relating
thereto. In the event the Company or any of the Company Parties is required to make any payment which is your obligation under this Agreement to the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing authority in respect of any Taxes, you shall, upon
receipt of written notice from the Company, remit to the Company an amount equal to such payment, within ten (10) business days from such notice. 

9. 
 No Conflict . You may be employed by another company, may serve on other boards of directors, and may
engage in any other business activity (whether or not pursued for pecuniary advantage), as long as such outside activities do not violate your obligations under this Agreement or your fiduciary obligations to the Company s shareholders. The
ownership of less than a 5 interest in an entity, by itself, shall not constitute a violation of this duty. You represent that you have no outstanding agreement or obligation that is in conflict with any of the provisions of this Agreement, and you
agree to use your best efforts to avoid or minimize any such conflict and agree not to enter into any agreement or obligation that could create such a conflict without the approval of a majority of the Board. If, at any time, you are required to
make any disclosure or take any action that may conflict with any of the provisions of this Agreement, you will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, promptly notify the Board of such obligation, prior to making such disclosure or taking such
action. 

10. 
 Compliance with Policies . You will perform your duties and responsibilities diligently, loyally, in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and in compliance with applicable law and all of the Company Entities policies, practices, and procedures, including all compliance and director manuals and handbooks, insider trading policies, and
related documents, as they may be adopted or amended from time to time in the Company s sole discretion. You shall also abide by all compliance requirements and requests as and when they may be made by the Company. 

11. 
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement (together with (a) the Indemnity Agreement and your
Indemnification Rights, (b) that certain Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2022, entered into between Redan Advisors LLC and the Company and (c) that certain Insider Letter Agreement, by and between you and the Company
dated as of even date herewith) replaces and supersedes any and all previous or existing agreements, arrangements, negotiations, conversations or understandings, oral or written, between you and any of the Company Entities or any of their respective
officers, directors, managers, partners, principals, owners, members, employees, consultants, contractors, advisors, fiduciaries, representatives, or agents (collectively, with the Company Entities, the Company Parties and, each,
a Company Party relating to the terms and conditions of your directorship, including with respect to any compensation, bonus, restricted share units, profits participation, carried interest, severance, or the amount or terms
thereof. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties, no party is relying on 
 3 

any promises or assurances, written or oral, other than those explicitly contained in this Agreement, and the terms and conditions of your directorship can be modified only in an agreement signed
by you and a member of the Board (other than yourself). The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver thereof or deprive that party of the right thereafter to
insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Agreement. 

12. 
 Headings/Drafting . The headings in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and
shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be interpreted strictly in accordance with its terms, to the maximum extent permissible under governing law, and shall not be construed against or in favor of any party,
regardless of which party drafted this Agreement or any provision hereof. For purposes of this Agreement, the connectives and, or, and and/or shall be construed either disjunctively or conjunctively as necessary
to bring within the scope of a sentence or clause all subject matter that might otherwise be construed to be outside of its scope and including shall be construed as including without limitation. 

13. 
 Governing Law/Disputes . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, shall be
deemed to have been made in the State of Delaware, and shall be interpreted, construed, and enforced pursuant to the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to Delaware s conflict or choice of law principles. Any proceeding
relating to your directorship with the Company, the termination thereof, or this Agreement shall be resolved in the state or federal courts in Delaware, and the parties agree to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in that jurisdiction, and, to the
extent permitted by applicable law, waive any rights to a trial by jury. 

14. 
 Severability/Modification . If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be unenforceable as a
matter of governing law, an arbitrator or reviewing court of appropriate jurisdiction shall have the authority to blue pencil or otherwise modify such provision so as to render it enforceable while maintaining the parties original
intent (as reflected herein) to the maximum extent possible. Each provision of this Agreement is severable from the other provisions hereof, and if one or more provisions hereof is declared invalid, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless remain
in full force and effect. 

15. 
 Assignment . This Agreement may be assigned by the Company and upon such assignment, the rights and
obligations of the Company hereunder shall become the rights and obligations of such assigned party. You may not assign your rights and obligations under this Agreement and any such attempt to assign this Agreement shall be void ab initio .

16. 
 Survival . Sections 4-17 of this Agreement shall survive
the termination of your directorship with the Company or affiliation with any of the Company Parties. 

17. 
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
and both of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile, PDF, and other true and accurate copies of this Agreement shall have the same force and effect as originals hereof. 

4 

Sincerely, 

MARBLEGATE ACQUISITION CORP. 

/s/ Andrew Milgram 
 
 Name: Andrew Milgram 
 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 [Signature Page to Director Letter Agreement] 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 

/s/ Patrick J. Bartels, Jr. 

1 2/2/2022 
 
 Patrick J. Bartels, Jr. 

Date 
 [Signature Page to Director Letter Agreement] 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d448879dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE 
 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) UNDER THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Andrew Milgram, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Marblegate
Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Andrew Milgram 

Andrew Milgram 

Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d448879dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE 
 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) UNDER THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jeffrey Kravetz, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Marblegate
Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I 
 have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jeffrey Kravetz 

Jeffrey Kravetz 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d448879dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE 
 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Marblegate Acquisition Corp. (the
 Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Andrew Milgram, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Andrew Milgram 

Andrew Milgram 

Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d448879dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE 
 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Marblegate Acquisition Corp. (the
 Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey Kravetz, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jeffrey Kravetz 

Jeffrey Kravetz 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 gate-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 gate-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 gate-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 gate-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

