<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230413_10-K_edgar_data_1800373_0001477932-23-002478.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2172092</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89991</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>533641</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>663270</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>361578</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>473272</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-002478.hdr.sgml : 20230413
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230413154751
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-002478
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230413
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230413

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GOLDENWELL BIOTECH, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001800373
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				842896086
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56275
		FILM NUMBER:		23818306

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2071 MIDWAY DR.
		CITY:			TWINSBURG
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44087
		BUSINESS PHONE:		440-666-7999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2071 MIDWAY DR.
		CITY:			TWINSBURG
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44087

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-002478.txt : 20230413

10-K
 1
 gdwl_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

gdwl_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices, zip code) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) ____________________________________________________________ (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT: Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No At June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (without admitting that any person whose shares are not included in such calculation is an affiliate) was approximately . As of April 6, 2023, there were shares of the Registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. GOLDENWELL BIOTECH, INC. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. PART I Item 1. Business . 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors . 10 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . 10 Item 2. Properties . 10 Item 3. Legal Proceedings . 10 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures . 10 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 11 Item 6. [Reserved] 12 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 12 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . 16 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 17 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 18 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . 18 Item 9B. Other Information . 19 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections . 19 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 20 Item 11. Executive Compensation . 23 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 25 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 26 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services . 26 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules . 27 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . 27 Signatures 28 2 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K of Goldenwell Biotech, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), contains forward-looking statements, as defined in the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , will , should , could , expects , plans , intends , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about our market opportunity, our strategies, competition, expected activities and expenditures as we pursue our business plan, and the adequacy of our available cash resources. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Actual results may differ materially from the predictions discussed in these forward-looking statements. The economic environment within which we operate could materially affect our actual results. Additional factors that could materially affect these forward-looking statements and/or predictions include, among other things: (i) commercialization of our technology and products, (ii) development and protection of our intellectual property, (iii) the Company s need for and ability to obtain additional financing, (iv) industry competition, (v) other factors over which we have little or no control; and (vi) other factors discussed in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our management has included projections and estimates in this Form 10-K, which are based primarily on management s experience in the industry, assessments of our results of operations, discussions and negotiations with third parties and a review of information filed by our competitors with the SEC or otherwise publicly available. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Our Corporate History and Background Goldenwell Biotech, Inc. was incorporated on August 20, 2019. Our fiscal year end is December 31, and we have no subsidiaries. Our business offices are currently located at 2071 Midway Drive, Twinsburg, Ohio 44087. Summary Financial Information The tables and information below are derived from our audited financial statements as of December 31, 2022. December 31, 2022 Financial Summary Cash and Cash Equivalents 45,996 Total Assets 248,400 Total Liabilities 46,782 Total Stockholders Equity 248,400 Exclusive Patent License Agreements Effective July 20, 2020, the Company entered into an Exclusive License Agreement with Australian Trefoil Health Technologies Pty Ltd (the Australian Trefoil License Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company has licensed from Australian Trefoil the technology and packaging designs underlying the Sugar Master and DNA Repair products, and other products of the Company. The term of the Australian Trefoil License Agreement is for the term of the underlying patent and covers all territories in the world, except China, and the term expires on November 15, 2025. The Company paid consideration of 10.00 for entering into the Australian Trefoil License Agreement. Australian Trefoil Health Technologies Pty Ltd is controlled by Li Yang, a director of the Company. Additionally, effective July 20, 2020 the Company has entered into an Exclusive License Agreement, dated July 20, 2020, with Ji Lin JZY Biotech Inc. (the JZY Biotech License Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company has licensed from JZY BioTech the technology the Company uses in its products. The term of the JZY BioTech License Agreement is for the term of the underlying patent and covers all territories in the world, except China, and the term expires on January 11, 2025. The Company paid consideration of 10.00 for entering into the JZY Biotech License Agreement. Ji Lin JZY Biotech Inc. is controlled by Shang Liu, our President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company. Status of Production Each of our 5 products discussed below have been completed the following stages: We have concluded our initial marketing analysis, including an analysis of our competition and development of marketing strategies. We have concluded our research and development, including making a raw materials selection, making products formulations, concluding lab testing, and concluding quality assurance and quality control studies. We have concluded the parts of production, including the production process, producing technology optimization, selection equipment for production; selecting sources of raw materials supplies. 4 Table of Contents Material hurdles remain until we can sell the products commercially. First, we must construct manufacturing facilities, which includes locating a site, installing a workshop and setting up equipment. No special equipment needs to be engineered or produced. All needed equipment is presently available from existing manufacturers. Second, our workforce will need to be trained, however, no specialized education or experience is needed by labor we intend to hire. Goldenwell Products Category I Polypeptide Freeze-dried Powder 1. JI MAI Bovine Cardiac Vascular Active Peptide Figure 1 packaging design for Ji Mai Cardiac Vascular Active Peptide The vascular endothelial cells exist vascular wall of bovine have a complex enzyme system, which can synthesize and secrete a variety of bioactive substances, as well as tissue fibrinogen and prostacyclin, endothelin (which has a strong vasoconstrictive effect, also known as endothelium contraction factor), and vascular skin cell relaxation factor which has vasodilated effect. Bovine cardiac vascular active peptide is a protein peptide of vascular homology (amino acid type and its sequence) which made from healthy and fresh bovine cardiac vascular tissues as raw materials. It is made in a closed environment at low temperature using medical freeze-dried equipment and is processed through biological enzymolysis, enzyme digestion, separation, purification, ultrafiltration and other extraction process to structural polypeptide in a freeze-dried powder form. The molecular weight of the product is optimized via bioengineering for easy absorption by humans. There is no pigment, preservatives and other artificial additives in the product, and is suitable for all kinds of physical conditions of people to use. Biocompatibility (amino acid sequence and structure convergence of peptides) refers to the good matching degree between basic protein peptides and host cells and tissues. Whether it is the skeleton of new tissue before being absorbed, or it is absorbed and assimilated into the host to become a part of the host, it has good compatibility with the matrix of similar tissue, and becomes a part of the normal physiological function of cells and tissues. 5 Table of Contents 2. Double Proline AG 3D Active Collagen Peptide DPAG - Drinkable Cosmetics Figure 2 - packaging design for 3D Active Collagen Peptide There is a substance in human body called cathepsin K, which is slowly degrading collagen content of tissue while ageing. It will result that active collagen is gradually reduced and lost. The appearance of the body is the loss of elasticity, relaxation and relaxation of the body. The interior of the body is the decrease of the cell quantity and the collapse of the tissue. Sea cucumber, deer tendon, eel, fish maw, donkey skin all have significant common characteristics gelatinous consistencies, which contains higher proline, hydroxyproline, arginine and glycine. In mammals, ox tendon has the highest content of collagen. 80 of the human skin made by collagen; the molecular weight of collagen in glial food is 300000 daltons. The molecular size of the gliadin food is too large, it is very difficult for human digestive enzymes to decompose it, and its digestion and absorption rate is very limited. By using healthy and fresh bovine or ox tendon as raw materials, our DPAG product is made in a closed environment at low temperature using medical freeze-dried equipment and was processed through biological enzymolysis, enzyme digestion, separation, purification, ultrafiltration and other extraction process to structural polypeptide in a freeze-dried powder form. The molecular weight of the product is 1920da and is optimized via the bioengineering technical for easy absorption by humans. There is no pigment, preservatives and other artificial additives in the product. Our DPAG product is designed to be an easily absorbed bioactive collagen. 6 Table of Contents 3. Cartilage Peptide -- Type II collagen peptide Figure 3 - packaging design for Cartilage Peptide -- Type II collagen peptide In recent years, there are many collagen (peptide) products on the market, but they are basically raw materials for collagen production. Most of them come from fish skin and other raw materials. Type II collagen peptide is prepared from Bovine or Pig Cartilage bones by hot water extraction, and then it is enzymolyzed by neutral protease, protamex, acidic protease and pepsin, through purification, ultrafiltration and other extraction process to structural polypeptide in a freeze-dried powder form peptide with molecular weight of 8000 daltons. It mainly composed of type II collagen peptide from cartilage and bone; it has a higher content of bio calcium with collagen peptides acting as a dietary supplement. Category II Solid Tablets Products Figure 4 - packaging design for Se Plus 7 Table of Contents Se Plus utilizes the stabilizing properties of the 21st amino acids and strong antioxidants as its primary makeup. Ingredients: L-Se-Methylselenocysteine (MSC) High Selenium Yeast L-Se-Methylselenocysteine (MSC) is a naturally occurring organoselenium compound found in many plants, including garlic, onions, and broccoli, with potential antioxidant and chemopreventive activities. Se-Methyl-seleno-L-cysteine (MSC) is an amino acid analogue of cysteine in which a methylselenium moiety replaces the sulphur atom of cysteine. This agent acts as an antioxidant when incorporated into glutathione peroxidase and has been shown to exhibit potent chemopreventive activity in animal models. Se Plus Target Audience: Middle-aged and elderly individuals. Individuals exposed to excessive pollution, such as atmospheric, food, or water pollution. Individuals who are selenium deficient due to various reasons. 2. Sugar Master Figure 5 - packaging design for Sugar Master Our Sugar Master product is made utilizing low temperature extraction techniques to maximize the harvest of bio-actives of plant matter, which is optimized by our processing formula to ensure the best absorption as a dietary supplement. Main Active Ingredients Include: Natural herbal polypeptides, extracted using cryogenic techniques to ensure molecular activity; Concentrated and purified natural plant extracts; and High efficiency organic selenium complex. 8 Table of Contents Two major components of bitter melon, namely charantin and momordicoside, may be destroyed during the process of extraction if high temperatures are used (60 C for 24 hours by heat drying). These components should therefore be extracted safely at low temperatures (5 C for 24 hours by freeze-drying or lyophilization). COMPETITION AND COMPETITIVE STRATEGY We expect that we will compete for members with traditional, offline consumer resources, and with online providers of consumer ratings, reviews and referrals on the basis of a number of factors, including breadth of our service provider listings, reliability of our content, breadth, depth and timeliness of information and strength and recognition of our brand. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of trademark laws, trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and other contractual provisions to protect our proprietary rights, which are primarily our brand names, product designs and marks. We do not own any patents. Effective July 20, 2020, the Company entered into an Exclusive License Agreement with Australian Trefoil Health Technologies Pty Ltd (the Australian Trefoil License Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company has licensed from Australian Trefoil the technology and packaging designs underlying the Sugar Master and DNA Repair products, and other products of the Company. The term of the Australian Trefoil License Agreement is for the term of the underlying patent and covers all territories in the world, except China, and the term expires on November 15, 2025. The Company paid consideration of 10.00 for entering into the Australian Trefoil License Agreement. Australian Trefoil Health Technologies Pty Ltd is controlled by Li Yang, a director of the Company. Additionally, effective July 20, 2020 the Company has entered into an Exclusive License Agreement, dated July 20, 2020, with Ji Lin JZY Biotech Inc. (the JZY Biotech License Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company has licensed from JZY BioTech the technology the Company uses in its products. The term of the JZY BioTech License Agreement is for the term of the underlying patent and covers all territories in the world, except China, and the term expires on January 11, 2025. The Company paid consideration of 10.00 for entering into the JZY Biotech License Agreement. Ji Lin JZY Biotech Inc. is controlled by Shang Liu, our President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company. Government Regulation and Approvals We are not aware of any governmental regulations or approvals required for any of our services or products. We do not believe that we are subject to any government regulations relating to the ownership and licensing of our intellectual property. Employees As of the date hereof, we have 3 non-employee officers, who operate our company. Description of Properties Our executive offices are located at 2071 Midway Drive, Twinsburg, Ohio 44087, and our telephone number is (440) 666-7999. We do not own any real estate or other physical properties. Bankruptcy or Similar Proceedings We have never been subject to bankruptcy, receivership or any similar proceeding. 9 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We currently do not own any physical property or real property. Our executive offices are located at 2071 Midway Drive, Twinsburg, Ohio 44087. We believe that this space is adequate for our present operations. We are party to a Lease Agreement, dated January 8, 2021, pursuant to which we rent office and warehouse facilities at 2071 Midway Drive Twinsburg, Ohio 44087. We pay 1,949 per month for rent, and the term of the lease is three years. We do not own any real estate or other physical properties. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS There are no pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES None. 10 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information and Holders Our shares of common stock are quoted on the over-the-counter markets, currently on the OTC Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group, Inc. (the OTC Markets Group ), under the stock symbol GWLL . As of March 27, 2023, the Company had 99,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and we had approximately 84 holders of record of our common stock. Dividends We have not declared any dividends and we do not plan to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. There are no restrictions in our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes, however, prohibit us from declaring dividends where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of stockholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution, unless otherwise permitted under our Articles of Incorporation. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities There are no unreported sales of equity securities at December 31, 2022. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans The Company does not have any equity compensation plans. 11 Table of Contents Penny Stock Regulations The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share. Our common stock, when and if a trading market develops, may fall within the definition of penny stock and be subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of 1.00 million, or annual incomes exceeding 200,000 individually, or 300,000, together with their spouse). For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received the purchaser s prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other than exempt transactions, involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently, the penny stock rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our Common Stock and may affect the ability of investors to sell their Common Stock in the secondary market. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Registrant and Affiliated Purchasers We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OVERVIEW The Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 20, 2019, and established a fiscal year end of December 31. Going Concern To date the Company has little operations or revenues and consequently has incurred recurring losses from operations. Substantially greater revenues are not anticipated until we complete the financing we endeavor to obtain, as described in this Form 10-K, and implement our initial business plan. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund our business plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. Accordingly, these factors raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our activities have been financed from the proceeds of share subscriptions. On August 20, 2019 the Company sold 41,000,000 shares of common stock to its founders for a subscription amount of 41,000. On August 20, 2019, the Company sold 39,000,000 shares of common stock for a subscription amount of 215,504. We have no outstanding loans. The Company plans to raise additional funds through debt or equity offerings. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise any capital through this or any other offerings. 12 Table of Contents PLAN OF OPERATION We are an early stage corporation and generated revenues of only 47,800 any revenues from sales of our nutraceutical and dietary supplements business during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Our plan of operation for the 12 months following the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is to increase the sales of our products. The Company believes it can satisfy its cash requirements through the fiscal year end of December 31, 2022, from its cash of 45,996. As of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital balance of (786). RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Comparison of the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 As of December 31, 2022, we suffered from a working capital balance of 253,000. As a result, our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon improving our profitability and the continuing financial support from our stockholders or other capital sources. Management believes that the continuing financial support from the existing shareholders and external financing will provide the additional cash to meet our obligations as they become due. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern. The following table sets forth certain operational data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues 47,800 15,967 Cost of revenue 25,186 7,579 Gross profit 25,186 8,388 Total operating expenses 1,010,291 126,655 Other income 8 1,286 Loss before income taxes (985,105 (118,267 Income tax expense - - Net loss (985,097 (116,981 Revenue . We generated revenues of 47,800 and 15,967 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cost of Revenue . Our cost of revenue was 22,614 and 7,579 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Gross Profit . We generated gross profits of 25,186 and 8,388 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. General and Administrative Expenses G A . We incurred general and administrative expenses of 1,010,291 and 126,655 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in G A is primarily attributable to the increase of cost of goods sold, lease expense and salary expense. Income Tax Expense . Our income tax expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0. Net Loss . During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of 985,097, as compared to 116,981 for the same period ended December 31, 2021. 13 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 45,996, and no accounts receivable deposits, prepayments or other receivables. We believe that our current cash and other sources of liquidity discussed below are adequate to support general operations for at least the next 12 months. Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided used in operating activities (205,139 (6,324 Net cash provided by investing activities 0 0 Net cash provided by financing activities 170,125 8,300 Net Cash Used In Operating Activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 1,072,560, which consisted primarily of payments for general and administrative expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 205,139, which consisted primarily of payments for general and administrative expenses. We expect to continue to rely on cash generated through financing from our existing shareholders and private placements of our securities, however, to finance our operations and future acquisitions. Net Cash Provided By Investing Activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there is no net cash provided by investing activities. For the year ended December 31, 2020, there is no net cash provided by investing activities. Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 905,000, consisting primarily of proceeds from the issuance of common stock. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 170,125, consisting primarily of proceeds from the issuance of common stock. Material hurdles remain until we can sell the products commercially. First, we must construct manufacturing facilities, which includes locating a site, installing a workshop and setting up equipment. No special equipment needs to be engineered or produced. All needed equipment is presently available from existing manufacturers. Second, our workforce will need to be trained, however, no specialized education or experience is needed by labor we intend to hire. We estimate that we need approximately 5,000,000 to complete such activities and that it would take approximately one year to complete such activities. Additional funding will likely come from equity financing from the sale of our common stock, if we are able to sell such stock. If we are successful in completing an equity financing, existing shareholders will experience dilution of their interest in our Company. We do not have any financing arranged and we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from the sale of our common stock to fund our activities. In the absence of such financing, our business will fail. There are no assurances that we will be able to achieve further sales of our common stock or any other form of additional financing. If we are unable to achieve the financing necessary to continue our plan of operations, then we will not be able to continue the expansion of our business. 14 Table of Contents Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have not entered into any financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. In addition, we have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our own shares and classified as shareholders equity, or that are not reflected in our financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. Moreover, we do not have any variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. COVID-19 We continue to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and our Company and have concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on our financial position and results of our operations, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of this filing. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States US GAAP ). The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We have identified the policies below as critical to our business operations and to the understanding of our financial results: Basis of Accounting The Company s financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting and are presented in United States Dollars. Basic Earnings (loss) per Share The Company computes net income (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share. ASC 260 specifies the computation, presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings (loss) per share for entities with publicly held common stock. Basic net earnings (loss) per share amounts are computed by dividing the net earnings (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings (loss) per share are the same as basic earnings (loss) per share due to the lack of dilutive items in the Company. Use of Estimates and Assumptions The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Due to the limited level of operations, the Company has not had to make material assumptions or estimates other than the assumption that the Company is a going concern. 15 Table of Contents Income Taxes Income taxes are provided in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes . A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carry forwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. Foreign Currency Translation The Company s functional and reporting currency is the United States dollar. Occasional transactions may occur in Chinese Renminbi or Australian Dollars. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rate prevailing at the balance sheet date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at rates of exchange in effect at the date of the transaction. Average monthly rates are used to translate expenses. Gains and losses arising on translation or settlement of foreign currency denominated transactions or balances are included in the determination of net income (loss). Fair Value of Financial Instruments The carrying amount of cash and current liabilities approximates fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments. These fair value estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Unless otherwise noted, it is management s opinion the Company is not exposed to significant interest, currency or credit risks arising from these financial instruments. Start-Up expenses As a start-up company, the costs associated with start-up activities are expensed as incurred. Accordingly, start-up costs associated with the Company s formation have been included in the Company s general and administrative expenses. Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost. Major repairs and betterments are capitalized and normal maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is computed by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Upon retirement or sale of an asset, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in operations. Recent Accounting Pronouncements The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. Subsequent Events None through date of this filing. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Goldenwell Biotech, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 5041) F-1 Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-2 Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 17 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the shareholders and the board of directors of Goldenwell Biotech Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Goldenwell Biotech Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /S CPA PC BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021 April 11, 2023 F-1 Table of Contents GOLDENWELL BIOTECH, INC BALANCE SHEET (Unaudited) ASSETS December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 CURRENT ASSETS Cash Accounts Receivable Inventory (related party transaction) NONCURRENT ASSETS Right of Use Assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts Payable Lease Liability Unearned Revenue LONG-TERM LIABILITIES TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Common stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents GOLDENWELL BIOTECH, INC STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) Twelve Months Ended on Three Months Ended on Dec 31, 2022 Dec, 2021 Dec 31, 2022 REVENUE Sales COST OF REVENUES GROSS PROFIT OPERATING EXPENSES General and administrative Total operating expenses Operation Income Other Income and Expenses Other income Total other income (expense) Income tax provision NET LOSS Earning per share - basic and diluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents GOLDENWELL BIOTECH, INC STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited) For the Twelve Months Ended on Dec 31 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net Loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Changes in operating assets Change in Accounts Receivable Change in inventory deposit Change in inventory Change in right of use asset Changed in operating liabilities Change in Accounts Payable Unearned Revenue Change in Lease liability Net Cash used in Operating Activities Cash flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from long-term loan Proceeds from issuance of common stock Additional paid-capital Stock subscription receivable Net Cash provided by Financing Activities Net change in cash Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents GOLDENWELL BIOTECH, INC STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY FOR THE QUARTER ENDED December 31, 2022 (Unaudited) Additional Common Stock Paid-In Subscription Accumulated Shares Amount Capital Receivable Deficit Total Balance - December 31, 2021 Cash receipt from stock subscription receivable Shares issued for cash 0.001 stock price - - - - Shares issued for cash 0.01 stock price - - Net loss for the period Balance - March 31, 2022 Cash receipt from stock subscription receivable Shares issued for cash 0.001 stock price - - - - Shares issued for cash 0.01 stock price - - Net loss for the period Balance - June 30, 2022 Cash receipt from stock subscription receivable Shares issued for cash 0.001 stock price - - - - Shares issued for cash 0.01 stock price - - Net loss for the period Balance - Sep 30, 2022 Cash receipt from stock subscription receivable Shares issued for cash 0.001 stock price - - - - Shares issued for cash 0.01 stock price - - Shared issued for compensation expense at 0.295 stock price Net loss for the period Balance - December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents GOLDENWELL BIOTECH, INC NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 . The company address is 2071 Midway Dr. Twinsburg, Ohio 44087. The Company is in the development stage whose purpose is R D, production and sales health cares and supplements products. since its inception. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon, among other things, its ability to generate revenues and its ability to obtain capital from third parties. No assurance can be given that the Company will be successful in these efforts. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Use of estimates Start-Up Costs Cash F-6 Table of Contents Fair Value Measurements -year lease for corporate office which requires monthly payments of .25, payable at the beginning of each monthly rental period. The lease is classified as an operating lease as the lease does not transfer ownership of the underlying asset at the end of the lease term, there is no purchase option, the lease terms is not for the major part of the remaining economic life of the asset, and the present value of future lease payments does not exceed substantially all of the fair value of the underlying asset. Accordingly, at commencement, the Company recognized a right of use asset and a lease liability based upon the present value of lease payments not yet paid, discounted using the discount rate for the lease at lease commencement. The company classifies the right-of-use asset as non-current for the entire lease term. The company classifies the portion of the liability due within one year or the operating cycle, whichever is longer, with current liability, and the rest with noncurrent liability. The interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable and management estimated its incremental borrowing rate to be by referencing the information from the current lending market and the costs of borrowing disclosed by some guideline public companies. For the quarter that ended December 31, 2022, lease expense of was recognized within G A expense in the statement of operations. Undiscounted cash flows on an annual basis related to this lease is as follows: 2023 - F-7 Table of Contents from Australian Trefoil Heath Technology, which is owned by Li, Yang, the Treasurer of the Company. The treasurer also owns shares of the Company. This transaction is a related party transaction. as of December 31, 2022 to the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: Change in valuation allowance Income tax expense The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to the Company s net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: Valuation allowance Net deferred tax assets The Company has approximately of net operating losses NOL carried forward to offset taxable income, if any, in future years which expire commencing in fiscal . In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the assessment, management has established a full valuation allowance against all of the deferred tax asset relating to NOLs for every period because it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. F-8 Table of Contents common shares with a par value of per share. Each common share entitles the holder to one vote, in person or proxy, on any matter on which action of the stockholders of the corporation is sought. On August 20, 2019 the Company issued shares of common stock to its founders for a subscription amount of . As of December 31, 2019, the subscription amount of has been paid. On August 20, 2019, the Company issued shares of common stock for a subscription amount of . On December 1, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock for a subscription amount of . On January 11, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for a subscription amount of . The Company also issued shares of common stock for noncash bonus. On February 22, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for a subscription amount of . There is no remaining balance of the stock subscription receivable on the accompanying financial statements. On November 9, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for noncash bonus at the market value of per share. F-9 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation and supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and President, who acts as our principal executive officer, and our Secretary, who acts as our principal financial officer, is responsible for our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified under SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and President, and our Secretary, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, these disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level. As discussed below, our internal control over financial reporting is an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process, including policies and procedures, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our Chief Executive Officer and President, who acts as our principal executive officer, and our Secretary, who acts as our principal financial officer, performed an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the results of this assessment, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and President, and our Secretary, concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, based on such criteria. Deficiencies existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (i) lack of a majority of independent members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and (ii) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. Management believes that the lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. Auditor s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 18 Table of Contents Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting In connection with our continued monitoring and maintenance of our controls procedures as part of the implementation of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we continue to review, test, and improve the effectiveness of our internal controls. There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter and since the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Inherent Limitation on the Effectiveness of Internal Controls The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, any system of internal control over financial reporting can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurances. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business but cannot assure that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. Not applicable. 19 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The following table sets forth the names and ages of our current directors and executive officers, the principal offices and positions held by each person, and the year such director or officer commenced serving in such capacity: Name Age Positions Shuang Liu 59 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director Hua Xie 51 Secretary, and Director Li Yang 52 Treasurer, and Director Shuang Liu President and Chief Executive Officer, and director Shuang Liu has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, and a director, since August 20, 2019. Mr. Liu is our principal accounting officer and principal financial officer. Since December 2012, Mr. Shuang has been the Chairman of the Board of Jilin Jinziyuan Biotech Co., Ltd., a nutraceutical and dietary supplements company, located in China. Between 2013 and 2015, Mr. Shuang attended Jilin University, in China, where he majored in economic law. Mr. Liu s entrepreneurial desire evidenced by his ideas which led to the establishment of our business, and his experience in developing the products we market and sell, led to our conclusion that he should be serving as a member of our Board of Directors in light of our business and structure. 20 Table of Contents Hua Xie Secretary and Director Hua Xie has served as our Secretary and a director since August 20, 2019. Ms. Hua is a co-founder and has served as Chief Operating Officer of MegaGrow Electronics Inc, a grow light products company located in Hudson, Ohio. From 2014 until 2018, Ms. Hua owned and operated Zx International LLC, located in Ohio, which exported aluminum and other scrap to China. From 2006 until 2014, Ms. Hua was a Senior Financial Reporting Analyst Dealer Tire LLC, in Cleveland, Ohio, where she performed analysis and generated monthly management reports on margin, expenses, balance sheets, key indicators, gross profit trends that were distributed to CFO, partners and directors of the company. From 2000 until 2006, Ms. Hua was a compliance analyst in the Retirement Plan Services division at Charles Schwab Corp., in Richfield, Ohio., where she, among other things, completed and reviewed Schwab plan compliance testing and reporting for qualified plans, which included ADP/ACP discrimination testing, coverage testing, and top heavy testing. Ms. Hua holds a B.S. in Accounting from the University of Maryland, in College Park, Maryland, and holds a M.S. in Software Engineering from the University of Akron, in Akron, Ohio. Ms. Hua s experience in finance and accounting led to our conclusion that she should be serving as a member of our Board of Directors in light of our business and structure. Li Yang Treasurer and Director Li Yang has served as our Treasurer and a director since August 20, 2019. Since 2017, Mr. Yang has served as Chief Executive Officer of Australian Trefoil Health and Technologies Pty. Ltd., a company located in Australia. From 2011 until 2015, Mr. Yang was the Research Co-ordinator of the Mental Health and Drug Alcohol Service, Northern Sydney Local Health District, Australia. From 2007 until 2010, Mr. Yang was a Product Development Manager of Henan Sino-American Biotechnology Company, located in China, where he performed marketing research and analysis for biotechnology products, product promotional planning and sales forecasting, and participated in establishing marketing strategies and sale networks. From 2004 until 2006, Mr. Yang was a Lecturer of Biotechnology Zhengzhou Pasturage Engineering College, located in Henan Province, China. From 2001 to 2004, Mr. Yang was a Research Officer of Northcote Neuroscience Laboratory, at ANZAC Research Institute, Concord Hospital Sydney, Australia. From 1998 until 2000, Mr. Yang was a Research and Development Officer at Australian Genetics and Chemical Technological Pty. Ltd.. in Australia. In January 1996, Mr. Yang obtained his Master degree of Biotechnology in University of NSW, in Sydney, Australia. In July 1992, Mr Yang obtained his Bachelor of Medicine degree at the Xi an Medical University, in Xi an, China. Mr. Yang s experience in health and health-related research led to our conclusion that he should be serving as a member of our Board of Directors in light of our business and structure. Director Qualifications We believe that our directors should have the highest professional and personal ethics and values, consistent with our values and standards. They should have broad experience at the policy-making level in business or banking. They should be committed to enhancing stockholder value and should have sufficient time to carry out their duties and to provide insight and practical wisdom based on experience. Their service on other boards of public companies should be limited to a number that permits them, given their individual circumstances, to perform responsibly all director duties for us. Each director must represent the interests of all stockholders. When considering potential director candidates, the Board also considers the candidate s character, judgment, diversity, age and skills, including financial literacy and experience in the context of our needs and the needs of the Board. Term of Office All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. The Company s Bylaws provide that the Board of Directors will consist of no less than one member. Officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Director Independence Our board of directors is currently composed of three members, none of whom qualifies as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 21 Table of Contents Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings To our knowledge, our directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; Being subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or Being subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Significant Employees and Consultants As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no significant employees. The Company is managed by our three officers and directors. Audit Committee and Conflicts of Interest Since we do not have an audit, compensation or governance and nominating committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by our directors. The board of directors has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit committee financial expert, nor has the board of directors established a nominating committee. The board of directors is of the opinion that such committees are not necessary since the Company is an early stage company and has only one director, and to date, such director has been performing the functions of such committees. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our sole director and officer has the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. Family Relationships There are no family relationships among our directors or officers. Other than as described above, we are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executive officers or directors. 22 Table of Contents Stockholder Communications With the Board Of Directors We have not implemented a formal policy or procedure by which our stockholders can communicate directly with our board of directors. Nevertheless, every effort has been made to ensure that the views of stockholders are heard by the board of directors or individual directors, as applicable, and that appropriate responses are provided to stockholders in a timely manner. We believe that we are responsive to stockholder communications, and therefore have not considered it necessary to adopt a formal process for stockholder communications with our Board. During the upcoming year, our board of directors will continue to monitor whether it would be appropriate to adopt such a process. Code of Ethics The Company has not adopted a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive officers, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. Employment Agreements We have no employment agreements with any of our directors. Indemnification Agreements We have no indemnification agreements with our officers, directors or any other person. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following tables set forth certain information about compensation paid, earned or accrued for services by our President and all other executive officers (collectively, the Named Executive Officers in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our officers for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the fiscal periods indicated. Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation( Nonqualified Deferred Compensation( All Other Compensation( Total ) Shuang Liu (1) 2022 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2021 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Hua Xie (2) 2021 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2021 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Li Yang (3) 2021 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2021 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ___________ (1) Appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, and served as director since August 20, 2019. (2) Appointed Secretary and director on August 20, 2019. (3) Appointed Treasurer and director on August 20, 2019. 23 Table of Contents Employment Contracts, Termination of Employment, Change-in-Control Arrangements The Company has no employment agreements with its officers or any significant employee and did not enter into any employment contracts, termination of employment, or change-in-control arrangements during the year ended December 31, 2022. Option Exercises and Fiscal Year-End Option Value Table. There were no stock options exercised by the named executive officers as of the end of the fiscal period ended December 31, 2022. Long-Term Incentive Plans and Awards There were no awards made to a named executive officer, under any long-term incentive plan, as of the end of the fiscal period ended December 31, 2022. We currently do not pay any compensation to our directors serving on our board of directors. STOCK OPTION GRANTS The following table sets forth stock option grants and compensation or the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Option Exercise Price ) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) Shuang Liu (1) -0- -0- -0- -0- N/A -0- -0- -0- -0- Hua Xie (2) -0- -0- -0- -0- N/A -0- -0- -0- -0- Li Yang (3) -0- -0- -0- -0- N/A -0- -0- -0- -0- _____________ (1) Appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, and served as director since August 20, 2019. (2) Appointed Secretary and director on August 20, 2019. (3) Appointed Treasurer and director on August 20, 2019. 24 Table of Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The following table sets forth director compensation or the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Shuang Liu (1) -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- Hua Xie (2) -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- Li Yang (3) -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- ______________ (1) Appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, and served as director since August 20, 2019. (2) Appointed Secretary and director on August 20, 2019. (3) Appointed Treasurer and director on August 20, 2019. We currently do not pay any compensation to our directors for serving on our board of directors. Narrative to Director Compensation Table The following is a narrative discussion of the material information that we believe is necessary to understand the information disclosed in the previous table. No director receives compensation solely in his or her capacity as a director of the Company. All travel and lodging expenses associated with corporate matters are reimbursed by us, if and when incurred. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table lists, as of June 19, 2021, the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power. 25 Table of Contents The percentages below are calculated based on 99,000,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as March 27, 2023. We do not have any outstanding warrant, options or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (2) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Common Stock (1) Common Stock Shuang Liu (3) 41,000,000 41.4 Common Stock Hua Xie (4) 5,000,000 5.0 Common Stock Li Yang (5) 10,000,000 10.1 Common Stock James Wang 7,000,000 7.0 All directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons) 60,000,000 63.5 ______________ (1) Calculated based on 99,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding on March 19, 2020. (2) Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is in care of the Company, at the address of: Room 1303, 13/F, Technology Plaza, Twinsburg, Ohio 44087. (3) Appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, and served as director since August 20, 2019. (4) Appointed Secretary and director on August 20, 2019. (5) Appointed Treasurer and director on August 20, 2019. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Related Party Transactions Except as disclosed below, during the past fiscal year, there have been no transactions, whether directly or indirectly, between us and any of our respective officers, directors, beneficial owners of more than 5.0 of our outstanding common stock or their family members, that exceeded the lesser of 120,000 million or 1.0 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last completed fiscal year. Director Independence Our board of directors is currently composed of three members, none of whom qualifies as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. Our board of directors has not separately designated and standing committees. Accordingly, the duties customarily performed by an audit committee, compensation committee, and governance and nominating committee are performed by our board of directors. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total fees charged to the company for audit services, including quarterly reviews were 21,000 and 18,500, for audit-related services were 0 and 0 and for tax services and other services were 8,000 and 0, respectively. 26 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE (a) The following Exhibits, as required by Item 601 of Regulation SK, are attached or incorporated by reference, as stated below. Number Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (1) 3.2 Bylaws (1) 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). + 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. + 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. + 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. + 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. + 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. + 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). + _______________ (1) Incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-236561), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 21, 2020. Filed herewith. + XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 27 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. GOLDENWELL BIOTECH, INC. Date: April 13, 2023 By: /s/ Shuang Liu Name: Shuang Liu Title: Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Date: April 13, 2023 By: /s/ Hua Xie Name: Hua Xie Title: Secretary (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 28 Table of Contents POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Shuang Liu and Hua Xie, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Goldenwell Biotech, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, grant unto said attorney-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the foregoing, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agents, or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Power of Attorney has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated. Date: April 13, 2023 By: /s/ Shuang Liu Name: Shuang Liu Title: Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director (principal executive officer) (principal executive officer) Date: April 13, 2023 By: /s/ Hua Xie Name: Hua Xie Title: Secretary and Director (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) Date: April 13, 2023 By: /s/ Yang Li Name: Yang Li Title: Treasurer and Director 29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gdwl_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 gdwl_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF GOLDENWELL BIOTECH, INC. I, Shuang Liu, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Goldenwell Biotech, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 13, 2023 By: /s/ Shuang Liu Name: Shuang Liu Title: Chief Executive Officer and President (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 gdwl_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 gdwl_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER OF GOLDENWELL BIOTECH, INC. I, Hua Xie, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Goldenwell Biotech, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 13, 2023 By: /s/ Hua Xie Name: Hua Xie Title: Secretary (principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 gdwl_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 gdwl_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF GOLDENWELL BIOTECH, INC. In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Goldenwell Biotech, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, the undersigned, Shuang Liu, Chief Executive Officer of Goldenwell Biotech, Inc., does hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Goldenwell Biotech, Inc. Date: April 13, 2023 By: /s/ Shuang Liu Name: Shuang Liu Title: Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 gdwl_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 gdwl_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER OF GOLDENWELL BIOTECH, INC. In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Goldenwell Biotech, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, the undersigned, Hua Xie, Secretary of Goldenwell Biotech, Inc., does hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Goldenwell Biotech, Inc. Date: April 13, 2023 By: /s/ Hua Xie Name: Hua Xie Title: Secretary (principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gdwl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 gdwl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 gdwl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 gdwl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

