<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230502_10-K_edgar_data_1857662_0001140361-23-022523.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6067279</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>439793</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1027227</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1480999</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1630744</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1236890</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-022523.hdr.sgml : 20230502
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230502171742
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-022523
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230502
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230502

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AxonPrime Infrastructure Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001857662
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				863116385
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40740
		FILM NUMBER:		23880473

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		126 E 56TH ST
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-203-0601

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		126 E 56TH ST
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Axonprime Infrastructure Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210419

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-022523.txt : 20230502

10-K
 1
 brhc20051478_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to

Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code )

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each

 class

Trading

 Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which

 registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
 was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for
 such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
 growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Accelerated filer 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
 that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

Yes No 

The closing price of the Class A common stock as of June 30, 2022 was 9.68. The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity
 held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was .

As of May 2, 2023, there were shares of the
 registrant s Class A common stock and shares of the registrant s Class B common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

None.

AXONPRIME INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORPORATION

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

4

PART I 

5

Item 1.

Business 

5

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

16

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

54

Item 2.

Properties 

54

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

54

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

54

PART II 

54

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

54

Item 6.

[Reserved] 

55

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

55 

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

59

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

60 

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

60 

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

60 

Item 9B.

Other Information 

61 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

61 

PART III 

61 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

61 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

68 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

68 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

71 

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

74 

PART IV 

74 

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

74 

Signatures 

76 

3 

Table of Contents 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Some statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking in nature. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our
 management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying
 assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
 may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning
 future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of
 which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not
 limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors:

our being a newly incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues;

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;

our ability to complete our initial business combination;

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;

our pool of prospective target businesses, including the location and industry of such target businesses;

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the recent COVID-19 pandemic;

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities;

our public securities potential liquidity and trading;

the lack of a market for our securities;

the use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance;

the Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties;

our financial performance; and

the other risk and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report.

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
 forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

4 

Table of Contents 

PART I

Item 1. 

Business.

Overview

AxonPrime Infrastructure Acquisition Corporation Company is a blank check company incorporated in the State of Delaware on April 1, 2021. The Company was formed for the purpose of
 effectuating a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses business combination ). The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company
 and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity for the period April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, relates to the Company s formation and
 the initial public offering Initial Public Offering or IPO which is described below, and, since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s search for business combination candidates. The Company will not generate any
 operating revenues until after the completion of its initial business combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering.

Company History

The Company s sponsor is AxonPrime Infrastructure Sponsor LLC Sponsor ). The registration statement for the Company s Initial
 Public Offering was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on August 12, 2021. On August 17, 2021, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of 15,000,000 units Units and, with respect to the Class A
 common stock included in the Units, Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 150,000,000, which were deposited into a Trust Account Trust Account located in the United States and will be invested only in U.S.
 government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself
 out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business
 combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below.

As part of the Initial Public Offering, certain Institutional Anchor Investors Institutional Anchor Investors not then
 affiliated with the Company, the Sponsor, or the Company s officers, directors, or any member of the Company s management purchased an aggregate of 12,790,000 of the Units offered in the IPO. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00
 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 127,900,000, which were part of the deposit into the Trust Account.

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 3,333,333 warrants Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement
 Warrant in a private placement Private Placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 5,000,000, which is described in Item 13. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the Private Placement, the Sponsor sold an aggregate of
 66,666 Private Placement Warrants to the Institutional Anchor Investors for 100,000.

The Institutional Anchor Investors also purchased 650,000 shares of Class B common stock Founder Shares from the Sponsor at the original purchase price of 0.003 per share (see Item 13). The
 Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the Company s initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided in the Company s final prospectus, dated August 12,
 2021, as filed with the SEC on August 16, 2021 Final Prospectus ).

The Company incurred offering costs in the Public Offering totaling 8,703,625, consisting of 3,000,000 of underwriting fees, 5,250,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 453,625 of other
 offering costs.

5 

Table of Contents 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on August 17, 2021, an amount of 150,000,000 10.00 per Unit) from the net
 proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in the Trust Account.

Business Strategy

Our business strategy is to identify and complete a business combination that can create value for our shareholders over time. We believe our management team s years of experience and our deep
 network of proprietary relationships will allow us to identify a wide range of attractive merger opportunities. Our networks include, among others, entrepreneurs, universities, research institutions, public and private company management teams
 (from early-stage venture to the Fortune 500), venture capital and private equity investors, investment bankers, attorneys, and management consultants.

Following the initial business combination, we expect to help the post-business combination entity continue its growth trajectory for many years to come. We expect to collaborate with management
 on a number of initiatives, including, but not limited to, navigating the public markets, mergers and acquisitions, capital allocation decisions, talent acquisition, and broadening their network of potential partners and customers through our
 proprietary networks. We believe our team s track record of success and support of management teams will make us a partner of choice for a high-quality business.

Our acquisition philosophy and criteria are rooted in several core tenets, consistent with those that we have utilized in the past:

Transformative and Scalable : We will focus on investing in companies that are developing breakthrough scientific and technological innovations in the areas of
 communication, robotics, building and construction technology, water, 3D printing and semiconductors. In addition, we believe a successful merger candidate must have innovations that have sizable potential markets and whose business
 models allow them to profitably scale to address those markets. We will seek to merge with a company that has achieved sufficient technology and business maturity while still maintaining significant runway to capture share in a large
 addressable market. We look for favorable trends and attractive unit economics which can be further enhanced as the business grows.

Support and Build World Class Management Teams : We seek to partner with creative and ambitious management teams that have a track record of success to help them execute
 their vision. The combination of Axon Capital s public market expertise and Prime Movers Labs science and technology platform offers management teams a unique resource set. Many potential merger candidates possess exceptional
 early-stage, growth focused, management teams that would benefit from our experience-based guidance and support as they grow rapidly, and particularly as they transition from private to public markets. We are seeking a partner where our
 long-term support and involvement will be welcome, and will help unlock outsized shareholder returns, including through our proprietary network and relationships. Our goal is not to be short-term facilitators, but rather be long-term
 value creation partners.

Science vs. Engineering Risk : We look for companies that have answered the core science questions and now focus on the engineering problem of scalability. We endeavor to
 avoid binary risk from investments in companies that are still assessing early stage prospects, and rather focus on companies where we can help them scale and transform into a public company creating long-term, sustainable, value for its
 shareholders.

6 

Table of Contents 

Acquisition Criteria

Consistent with our investment philosophy and strategy, we plan to identify high-quality businesses run by exceptional teams pursuing large market opportunities that are amenable to disruption by
 technology. We expect to be guided by the criteria outlined above in evaluating opportunities and may decide to focus on different aspects of our investment criteria depending on the market opportunity at the time of the contemplated merger.

These criteria are important but not exhaustive. The merits of any particular initial business combination will be based on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, and
 criteria that our management team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that in our stockholder
 communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this report, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the SEC.

Initial Business Combination

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following the IPO. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash
 from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business
 combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.

If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our
 initial business combination or used for redemption of our Public Shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of
 post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other businesses or for working capital.

We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination (which may include a specified
 future issuance), and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the Trust Account.

In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the Trust Account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would
 disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by applicable law or we decide to do so for business or other reasons, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds
 privately, including pursuant to any specified future issuance, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to
 raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise.

Listing rules for the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq require that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value
 equal to at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with
 our initial business combination. We refer to this as the 80 fair market value test. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an
 independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), or from an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Our management will have virtually
 unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with
 nominal operations. In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target business
 sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such
 business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account for purposes of the 80 fair market value test. There is currently no basis for our investors to evaluate the possible merits or
 risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination.

7 

Table of Contents 

To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous
 risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management, document reviews,
 inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us.

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
 ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring
 losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination.

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Common Stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
 Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, subject to the limitations described herein. At completion of the business combination, we will be required to purchase any
 Public Shares properly delivered for redemption and not withdrawn. The amount in the Trust Account is initially 10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by
 the deferred underwriting commissions we paid to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our Sponsor has entered into a letter
 agreement with us, pursuant to which it has agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to its Founder Shares and any Public Shares it may acquire during or after the IPO in connection with the completion of our initial business
 combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, which imposes the same obligations on them with respect to any Public Shares acquired by them. In addition, pursuant to the investment agreements, the
 Institutional Anchor Investors agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account (including applicable redemption rights), or any other asset of our company as a result of any
 liquidation of our company, with respect to any Founder Shares held by them. However, if the Institutional Anchor Investors acquire any Public Shares, they will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to such Public Shares in connection
 with the completion of our initial business combination.

8 

Table of Contents 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either: (1)
 in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination; or (2) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will
 be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange
 listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common
 stock or seek to amend our Certificate of Incorporation would typically require stockholder approval. We intend to conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC tender offer rules unless
 stockholder approval is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other reasons.

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation:

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), which regulate issuer tender offers; and

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and
 the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.

Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we and our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-l to purchase shares of our Class A common
 stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our Public Shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-l(a) under the Exchange
 Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of
 Public Shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem Public Shares so long as (after such redemptions) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001, either prior to or upon consummation of an initial
 business combination, after payment of the deferred underwriting commission (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement
 relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination.

If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, we will,
 pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation:

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and

file proxy materials with the SEC.

We expect that a final proxy statement would be mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made
 available to such stockholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with
 the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any stockholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our Nasdaq listing or Exchange Act registration.

9 

Table of Contents 

In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the
 redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination.

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock voted are voted in favor of the business
 combination. In such case, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree) to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by
 them in favor of our initial business combination, and the Institutional Anchor Investors agreed, pursuant to the terms of the investment agreements, to vote any Founder Shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. Our
 directors and officers also have agreed to vote in favor of our initial business combination with respect to Public Shares acquired by them, if any. We expect that at the time of any stockholder vote relating to our initial business combination,
 our pre-IPO stockholders initial stockholders and their permitted transferees will collectively own at least 20 of our outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote thereon. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public
 Shares without voting and, if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
 agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a business combination. The Institutional Anchor Investors agreed, pursuant to the investment
 agreements, to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account (including applicable redemption rights), or any other asset of our company as a result of any liquidation of our company, with
 respect to any Founder Shares held by them. However, if the Institutional Anchor Investors acquire any Public Shares, they will be entitled to redemption rights in connection with the completion of our initial business combination with respect to
 such Public Shares.

Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we will only redeem our Public Shares so long as (after such redemptions) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001, either prior to or
 upon consummation of an initial business combination, after payment of the deferred underwriting commission (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions of our Public Shares may also be subject to a higher
 net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (1) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners; (2) cash
 to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes; or (3) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash
 consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the
 aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for
 an alternate business combination.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
 to the tender offer rules, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
 Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares (as defined herein), without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of
 shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our Sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant
 premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are
 not purchased by us or our Sponsor or its affiliates at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares, we believe we will limit the ability
 of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a
 minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.

10 

Table of Contents 

Indemnity Obligations

The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target
 business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per Public
 Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the day of liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that
 such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any
 claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the
 Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the
 Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure its shareholders that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without
 limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service
 providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim
 of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.

Conflicts of Interest

Certain of our officers and directors expect to have, and any of them in the future may further have, fiduciary or contractual obligations to several other entities pursuant to which such officer
 or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or
 she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the
 opportunity. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us.

We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Our
 Certificate of Incorporation provides that, prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to
 such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue and the director or officer
 is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating any legal obligation. Our officers and directors would continue to be subject to all other fiduciary duties owed to us and our stockholders and no other waivers of their respective
 fiduciary obligations have been provided to any such officers and directors. We do not have any plans to waive the fiduciary duties of our officers and directors post-business combination.

11 

Table of Contents 

Certain of our officers and directors expect to have, and any of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a business similar to ours. Potential investors should
 also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:

None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities.

Certain of our officers and directors expect to have, and any of them in the future may further have, fiduciary or contractual obligations to several other entities pursuant to which such officer or
 director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which
 he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity
 rejects the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. Although we have no formal policy in place for vetting potential conflicts of interest, our board of directors will review any potential conflicts of
 interest on a case-by-case basis. In addition, our Sponsor and our officers and directors expect to sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the
 period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. our management team has significant
 experience in identifying and executing multiple acquisition opportunities simultaneously and, while we intend to focus our search for a target business in the infrastructure sector, we are free to pursue an initial business combination
 with a target in any industry or geographic region.

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other
 entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. For a complete description of our management s other
 affiliations, please see Founders, Directors, Director Nominees and Executive Officers. 

Our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection with the consummation of
 our initial business combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, which imposes the same obligations on them with respect to any Public Shares acquired by them. Additionally, our initial
 stockholders, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of the IPO or during any
 Extension Period. Moreover, pursuant to the investment agreements, the Institutional Anchor Investors agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account (including applicable
 redemption rights), or any other asset of our company as a result of any liquidation of our company, with respect to any Founder Shares held by them. However, if our initial stockholders, any of our officers, directors or affiliates or
 any of the Institutional Anchor Investors acquired or acquire Public Shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if we fail to consummate our
 initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account
 will be used to fund the redemption of our Public Shares, and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial
 stockholders until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or
 exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business
 combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A
 common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Common Stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor
 until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our Sponsor and officers and directors directly or indirectly own Common Stock shares and warrants, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest
 in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.

12 

Table of Contents 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
 following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular business combination.

Our key personnel may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such key personnel was included by a target business as
 a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.

The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor.

In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if:

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity;

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and

it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation.

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed
 criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our officers or
 directors in circumstances where the application of the doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have, and there will not be any expectancy that any of our directors or officers will offer any such
 corporate opportunity of which he or she may become aware to us. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers, directors and director nominees currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may present a
 conflict of interest:

13 

Table of Contents 

Name of Individual

Entity Name

Entity s Business

Affiliation

Dinakar Singh

Axon Capital LP

Investment Company

Founding Partner, Chief Executive Officer

Spinal Muscular Atrophy Foundation

Non-profit

Founder, Chairman

Columbia University Medical Center

Education

Board Member

New York Public Library

Non-profit

Board Member

Richard Spencer

Global Atlantic Financial Group

Insurance

Director

Bondi Partners LLC

Consulting

Chairman

Muneer Satter

Satter Medical Technology Partners, L.P.

Private Equity

Founder, Managing Partner

Satter Investment Management LLC

Investment Company

Chairman

Satter Foundation

Non-profit

Manager

Restorsea Holdings, LLC

Retail

Chairman of Board

Annexon Inc.

Healthcare

Director

Goldman Sachs Foundation

Non-profit

Vice Chairman

GS Gives

Non-profit

Vice Chairman

Accelerate Institute

Education

Advisor

Navy SEAL Foundation

Non-profit

Director

Northwestern University

Education

Trustee

Northwestern Medical Group

Healthcare

Director

Koryn Estrada

Axon Capital LP

Investment Company

Partner, Co-Chief Executive Officer, Co-Chief Information Officer

RiseWell

Consumer Products

Partner, Co-Founder

HeyMama

Social Media

Director

NuMilk (Plant Tap Inc.)

Consumer Products

Director

William Ulrich

Presidio Petroleum

Energy

Co-CEO, Director

Presidio Investment Holdings LLC

Holding Company

Director

14 

Table of Contents 

Accordingly, if any of the above officers or directors become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has then-current
 fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do
 not believe, however, that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we will renounce our
 interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally
 and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial
 business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of
 FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, that our initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view.

In addition, our Sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional investments in the Company in connection with the initial business combination, although our Sponsor and its affiliates have
 no obligation or current intention to do so. If our Sponsor or any of its affiliates elects to make additional investments, such proposed investments could influence our Sponsor s motivation to complete an initial business combination.

In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to the terms of a letter
 agreement entered into with us, to vote their Founder Shares (and their permitted transferees will agree) and any Public Shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into the
 letter agreement, which imposes the same obligations on them with respect to any Public Shares acquired by them.

Competition

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
 other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.

Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing
 services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do, and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many
 of these competitors. While we believe there will be numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition
 of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. Our Sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional investments in us, although our Sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation or other
 duty to do so. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their
 redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by target businesses. Any of these
 factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating and completing an initial business combination.

Employees

We currently have one officer and we do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business
 combination. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial
 business combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote in any time period to our company will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the
 business combination process.

15 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors.

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained
 in this report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our
 securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. These risks are discussed more fully following this summary. Material risks that may affect our business, operating results and financial condition include, but are not
 necessarily limited to, the following:

We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.

The requirement that we complete an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our Initial Public Offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a
 business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business
 combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders.

The recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the impact on business and debt and equity markets could have a material adverse effect on our search for a business combination, and any target business with
 which we ultimately consummate a business combination.

We may not be able to complete an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our Initial Public Offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of
 winding up and we would redeem our Public Shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire
 worthless.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess
 of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.

If the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months,
 it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete
 our initial business combination.

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the completion of our initial business combination.

The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market
 price of the shares of our Class A common stock.

16 

Table of Contents 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you
 will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations.

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may be outside of our management s area of expertise.

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as
 profitable as we suspected, if at all.

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors which may raise potential
 conflicts of interest.

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively
 impact the value of our stockholders investment in us.

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority
 of our stockholders do not agree.

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a
 particular business combination.

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills,
 qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our
 initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our officers, directors and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares
 or warrants, potentially at a loss.

We are not registering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an
 investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless.

Our warrants and Founder Shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of the shares of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination.

Past performance by our Sponsor or our management team, including the businesses referred to herein, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of any
 business that we may acquire.

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained
 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the financial statements, before making a decision to invest in our securities.

17 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Our Business

We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to
 achieve our business objective.

We are a blank check company with no operating results to date. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our
 business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate
 any operating revenues.

Risks Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial
 business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.

We may not hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing
 requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, Nasdaq rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require us to obtain stockholder
 approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of
 our outstanding shares, we would seek stockholder approval of such business combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business
 combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the
 transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock do not approve of the business
 combination we consummate

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, the Institutional Anchor Investors, and our officers and directors have
 agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote.

Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees have agreed or will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their
 Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination, and the Institutional Anchor Investors agreed, pursuant to the terms of the investment agreements, to vote any Founder Shares held by them in favor
 of our initial business combination. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock voted are
 voted in favor of the initial business combination, subject to any greater or additional vote required by the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL or our Certificate of Incorporation. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders 
 Founder Shares and Public Shares held by our Sponsor, officers and directors, we would need 4,125,001, or 27.5 (assuming all outstanding shares are voted in favor of our initial business combination) of the 15,000,000 Public Shares sold in the
 IPO to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). In addition, as a result of the Founder Shares and, with respect to one or more
 Institutional Anchor Investors, Private Placement Warrants that the Institutional Anchor Investors may hold, each Institutional Anchor Investor may have different interests with respect to a vote on an initial business combination than other
 public stockholders. Among other matters, the Institutional Anchor Investors investments in the Founder Shares and (to the extent applicable) Private Placement Warrants will generally be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business
 combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO, and these investors will benefit more than our public stockholders from our completion of an initial business combination and may benefit from an initial business combination even if our
 public stockholders experience a loss. Accordingly, these investors may be more likely to favor any proposed initial business combination transaction even if our public stockholders do not favor the transaction. The Institutional Anchor Investors
 will also have the potential to realize enhanced economic returns and overall economic outcome from their investment in us in comparison to our other public stockholders who are not making anchor investments and purchasing Founder Shares.
 Moreover, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial stockholders and management team and the Institutional Anchor Investors to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase
 the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, which imposes the same obligations on them with respect to any
 Public Shares acquired by them. Our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees currently collectively own more than 20 of our outstanding shares of Common Stock and we expect they continue to collectively own at least 20 of our
 outstanding shares of Common Stock at the time of any such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would
 be the case if such persons agreed to vote their Founder Shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders.

18 

Table of Contents 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem
 your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of such business combination.

At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Additionally, since our board of
 directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not
 seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days)
 set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination.

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential target businesses, which
 may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.

We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.
 If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, we will only redeem our Public Shares
 so long as (after such redemptions) our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, will be at least 5,000,001 either prior to or upon consummation of an initial business combination, after payment of the
 deferred underwriting commission (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules), or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination.
 Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to not be at least 5,000,001 either prior to or upon consummation of an initial business combination, after payment of the deferred
 underwriting commission, or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business
 combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us.

19 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most
 desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure, and may substantially dilute your investment in us.

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights and, therefore, we will need to structure
 the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price or
 requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for
 redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for third-party financing. The number of shares submitted for redemption also impacts the
 extent of dilution that you will experience as a result of the expected ownership interests of our Sponsor, the sponsor anchor investor and the Institutional Anchor Investors in our Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants. The more shares
 that are redeemed, the greater the dilution will be on a per-share basis for shareholders that do not redeem.

In addition, raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would
 increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock result in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock at the time of our business combination.
 The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure, and may result in substantial dilution from your purchase of our Class A common stock. The
 effect of this dilution will be greater for shareholders who do not redeem. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial
 business combination, which may further dilute your investment. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions and after such
 redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. We may not be able to generate sufficient value from the completion of our initial business
 combination in order to overcome the dilutive impact of these and other factors, and, accordingly, you may incur a net loss on your investment. Please see Risks Relating to Our Management Team Our Sponsor and its affiliates may have incentives to take increased investment risk and to complete a transaction on terms that are less favorable to you in order to complete a transaction within the
 specified time period to avoid losing their investment and Risks Relating to Our Securities Our Sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per Founder Share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial
 dilution from the purchase of our Class A common stock. 

Unlike many other similarly structured blank check companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue
 shares to consummate an initial business combination, which could substantially dilute your equity interest.

The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holders, on a one-for-one basis, subject
 to adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Class A common stock, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the
 amounts listed in this report and related to the closing of the initial business combination, the ratio at which Founder Shares shall convert into Class A common stock will be adjusted so that the number of Class A common stock issuable upon
 conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of all outstanding shares of Common Stock at the time of completion of the IPO, plus (ii) all shares of Class A common
 stock and equity-linked securities issued, or deemed issued, in connection with the initial business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination, and any private
 placement-equivalent warrants issued to our Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to us). This is different from most other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial stockholder will only be issued an
 aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. As a result, the equity interest of investors in the IPO could be significantly diluted.

20 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our
 initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock.

If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing,
 the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful increases. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If
 you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a
 material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market.

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in
 negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination target, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our
 initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders.

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within 24 months from
 the closing of the IPO. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be
 unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the end of the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into
 our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. Furthermore, an affiliate of our Sponsor expects to sponsor other special purpose acquisition companies and may choose in its sole
 discretion to prioritize an initial business combination with one or more other special purpose acquisition companies, even if the target could be a suitable target for us.

Any due diligence in connection with an initial business combination may not reveal all relevant considerations or liabilities of a target business, which
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

We intend to conduct such due diligence as we deem reasonably practicable and appropriate based on the target business and the facts and circumstances applicable to the proposed transaction prior
 to any initial business combination. The objective of the due diligence process will be to identify material issues which might affect the decision to proceed with an initial business combination or the consideration payable in connection with
 such initial business combination. We also intend to use information provided during the due diligence process to formulate our business and operational planning for, and valuation of, any target company or business. While conducting due
 diligence and assessing a potential target business, we will rely on publicly available information (if any), information provided by the relevant target business to the extent provided and, in some circumstances, third-party studies.

The due diligence undertaken with respect to a potential initial business combination may not reveal all relevant facts that may be necessary to evaluate such transaction or to formulate a
 business strategy. Furthermore, the information provided during due diligence may not be adequate or accurate. As part of the due diligence process, we will also make subjective judgments regarding the results of operations, financial condition
 and prospects of a potential initial business combination, and these judgments may be inaccurate.

21 

Table of Contents 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private
 companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we
 suspected, if at all.

Due diligence conducted in connection with an initial business combination may not result in the initial business combination being successful. If the due diligence investigation fails to
 identify material information regarding an opportunity, or if we consider such material risks to be commercially acceptable relative to the opportunity, and we proceed with an initial business combination, our company may subsequently incur
 substantial impairment charges or other losses. In addition, following an initial business combination, we may be subject to significant, previously undisclosed liabilities of the acquired business that were not identified during due diligence
 and which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely
 affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets.

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced, which has and is continuing to spread throughout the world, including the United States. On March 11, 2020, the
 World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic. The COVID-19 outbreak has and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and
 financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if
 continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continues to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a
 transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge
 concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. While vaccines for COVID-19 are being, and have been, developed, there is no guarantee that any such vaccine will be durable and effective
 consistent with current expectations, and we expect it will take significant time before the vaccines are available and accepted on a significant scale. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an
 extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result
 of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the
 purpose of winding up and we would redeem our Public Shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless.

Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we must complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO. We may not be able to find a suitable target
 business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the
 other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to
 complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19
 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire.

22 

Table of Contents 

If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period or during any Extension Period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as
 promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the Public Shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned
 on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely
 extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
 stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may
 receive only 10.00 per share, or less than 10.00 per share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. Please see If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be
 reduced and the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may elect to
 purchase shares or warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase Public Shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our
 initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors
 or any of their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire Public Shares, vote their Public Shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their Public Shares.
 However, they are under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such public stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees
 not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise
 their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling public stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial
 business combination. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. The
 purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination, (2) satisfy a closing
 condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met or (3) reduce
 the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such transaction may result in the completion of our initial
 business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
 which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

23 

Table of Contents 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our Public Shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply
 with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules,
 if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that
 we will furnish to holders of our Public Shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem Public Shares, which will include the
 requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares
 in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the
 proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures,
 its shares may not be redeemed.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a
 group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
 Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our
 stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business
 combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our
 initial business combination. As a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our
 initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their stock, and our
 warrants will expire worthless.

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
 other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and
 effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do, and
 our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there will be numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of
 the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an
 advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we are obligated to pay cash for shares of our Class A common stock, it will
 potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our
 initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. Please see If third
 parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein.

24 

Table of Contents 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies increases, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business
 combination. This could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target for our initial business combination.

In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many companies have entered into business combinations with special purpose
 acquisition companies, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many additional special purpose acquisition companies currently in registration. As a result,
 at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to identify a suitable target for an initial business combination.

In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with
 attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns,
 geopolitical tensions or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to
 find a suitable target for and/or complete our initial business combination.

If the funds not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing of the IPO, we may
 be unable to complete our initial business combination.

The funds available to us outside of the Trust Account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing of the IPO, assuming that our initial business
 combination is not completed during that time. We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital through the IPO and potential loans from certain of our affiliates are
 discussed in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in the future, and we may not be able to
 raise additional financing from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding our ability to continue as a going concern at such time.

We believe that, as of the closing of IPO, the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account are sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing of the
 IPO; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a
 portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms
 more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to
 receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect
 to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our
 warrants will expire worthless. Please see If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and
 other risk factors herein.

25 

Table of Contents 

If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient, it could limit the
 amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial
 business combination.

Of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, we estimate only 1,000,000 will be available to us initially outside the Trust Account to fund our working capital
 requirements. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of 1,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the Trust Account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the Trust Account
 would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of 1,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the Trust Account would increase by a corresponding amount.
 If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their
 affiliates is under any obligation to loan funds to us in such circumstances. Any such loans may be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. If we have
 not completed our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In such case, our public stockholders
 may receive only 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Please see If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share
 redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein.

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

Since the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been
 selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the U.S. securities laws. However, because we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the successful completion of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
 and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not
 be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our Units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule
 419. Moreover, if the IPO were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our
 completion of our initial business combination.

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an
 initial business combination.

In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance
 companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the
 future.

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business
 combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or accept less favorable
 terms. Furthermore, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors.

26 

Table of Contents 

In addition, after completion of any initial business combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred
 prior to such initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims runoff insurance ). The need
 for runoff insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors.

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received by
 stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share.

Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent
 registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for
 the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent
 inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
 held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an
 agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make
 our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. The underwriters of the IPO did not
 execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account.

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are
 believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that
 such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of
 our Public Shares, if we have not completed our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for
 payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per share
 initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors.

Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or
 products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) 10.00 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public
 share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, except as to any claims by a
 third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
 Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether
 our Sponsor, which is a newly formed entity, has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our Sponsor may not be able to satisfy those
 obligations. We have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be
 reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per public share in connection with any redemption of your Public Shares. None
 of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

27 

Table of Contents 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account
 available for distribution to our public stockholders.

In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of: (1) 10.00 per public share; or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the
 date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification
 obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently
 expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to
 their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in certain instances. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public
 stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is
 filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our
 board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
 some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior
 to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is
 filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our
 liquidation may be reduced.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the
 extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per share amount that would otherwise be received by our public stockholders in connection with our liquidation would be reduced.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our
 activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and

restrictions on the issuance of securities;

each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.

28 

Table of Contents 

In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including:

registration as an investment company with the SEC;

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and compliance with other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to.

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the Trust Account may be invested by the trustee only in U.S.
 government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds
 will be restricted to these instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with
 these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to consummate our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
 our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless.

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate
 and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
 with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability
 to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our
 Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our Public Shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period may be considered a liquidating distribution under
 Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party
 claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of
 stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third
 anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our Public Shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24th month from the closing of the IPO (or the end of any Extension Period) in the event we do not complete our
 initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures.

29 

Table of Contents 

Because we do not intend to comply with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all
 existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to
 searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, consultants, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with
 Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the
 stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for
 any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our
 public stockholders upon the redemption of our Public Shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption
 distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a
 liquidating distribution.

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination.

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination (unless required by Nasdaq) and thus may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of
 the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting of stockholders be held for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with a company s bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. Therefore, if our
 stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to our consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section
 211(c) of the DGCL.

The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders, the Institutional Anchor Investors and their respective permitted transferees may make it more
 difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock.

Pursuant to an agreement entered into on the closing of the IPO, at or after the time of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, the Institutional Anchor Investors and their
 respective permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their Founder Shares after those shares convert to shares of our Class A common stock. In addition, our Sponsor, any applicable Institutional Anchor Investor, and their
 respective permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued
 upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the resale of such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and
 availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial
 business combination more costly or difficult to complete. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on
 the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the common stock owned by our initial stockholders, the Institutional Anchor Investors or their permitted transferees, and the Private Placement Warrants owned by our Sponsor, any
 applicable Institutional Anchor Investor or their permitted transferees or warrants issued in connection with working capital loans are registered for resale.

30 

Table of Contents 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating target businesses in a particular industry nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to
 pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations.

We may seek to complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry or sector, but we will not, under our Certificate of Incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our initial
 business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to
 evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected
 by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent
 in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly
 ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances
 that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our Units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a
 target business. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or
 warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries outside of the target industries (which industries may or may not be outside of our management s area of
 expertise).

Although we intend to focus on identifying business combination candidates in the target industries, we will consider a business combination outside of the target industries (which industries may
 be outside our management s area of expertise) if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company or we are unable to identify a suitable
 candidate in the target industries. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we may not adequately ascertain or assess all of the risks. An investment in our Units may
 ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the IPO than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate.

In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the target industries, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information
 contained in this report regarding the target industries would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our
 initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our
 general criteria and guidelines.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business
 combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination
 with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may
 exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the
 transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if
 the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on
 the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or
 earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel.

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be
 affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings,
 intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess
 all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
 adversely impact a target business.

31 

Table of Contents 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have
 no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view.

Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or
 from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair
 market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination.

We may issue additional shares of Class A common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan
 after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result
 of the anti-dilution provisions described herein. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks.

Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 50,000,000 shares of Class B
 common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Immediately after the IPO, there were 76,666,667 and 45,687,500 authorized but unissued shares of Class A and Class B
 common stock available, respectively, for issuance, which amount takes into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants but not the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Class B common
 stock. Shares of Class B common stock are automatically convertible into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein.

We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock and may issue shares of preferred stock, in order to complete our initial business combination (including pursuant
 to a specified future issuance) or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than
 one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions described herein. However, our Certificate of Incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we
 may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the Trust Account or (2) vote as a class with our Public Shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an
 amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of the IPO or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. The issuance of additional shares of common or
 preferred stock:

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the IPO, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Founder Shares resulted in the issuance of shares of Class A common
 stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Founder Shares;

may subordinate the rights of holders of Common Stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock;

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of Common Stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in
 the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;

32 

Table of Contents 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us;

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A common stock and/or warrants; and

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants.

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and
 acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
 of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
 substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely
 would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will
 result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public
 stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the IPO, which may include
 acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the
 trust only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the IPO, including, for example, in connection
 with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination.

We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us in the future, including, for example, identifying potential targets,
 providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that
 time in an arm s length negotiation. No agreement was entered into with any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services were paid to any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates
 prior to the date that was 60 days from the date of the Final Prospectus, unless such payment would not be deemed underwriters compensation in connection with the IPO. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are
 conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The underwriters or their respective affiliates financial interests tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of
 interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination.

33 

Table of Contents 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor,
 officers or directors which may raise potential conflicts of interest.

In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, officers and directors.
 Certain of our officers and directors also expect to serve as officers and board members for several other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Management Conflicts of Interest. Our Sponsor, officers and directors
 are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with any
 such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business
 combination as set forth in Proposed Business Effecting our initial business combination Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent
 and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of
 view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may
 not be as advantageous to our company and our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.

Since our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to
 Public Shares they may have acquired during or after the IPO), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination.

On April 9, 2021, our founders purchased an aggregate of 8,625,000 Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or 0.003 per share. On April 19, 2021, the Founder Shares were
 assigned to our Sponsor for the same purchase price that was initially paid by one of our founders. In July 2021, our Sponsor returned to us, for no consideration, an aggregate of 4,312,500 Founder Shares, which were canceled and an additional
 562,500 Founder Shares were forfeited by our Sponsor as the underwriter s over-allotment option was not exercised, resulting in an aggregate of 3,750,000 Founder Shares outstanding and held by our initial stockholders and their permitted
 transferees).

The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. On July 6, 2021, our Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 25,000 Founder Shares to each of our
 independent director nominees (75,000 shares in total) at their original purchase price. In addition, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 3,333,333 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable for one share of our Class A common stock, for a
 purchase price of 5,000,000 in the aggregate, or 1.50 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. Each Private Placement Warrant may be exercised for one share of Class A common stock at a
 price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In connection with the closing of the IPO, our Sponsor sold an amount up to 75,000 Founder Shares to each Institutional Anchor Investor at their original purchase price, or
 650,000 Founder Shares in aggregate. Pursuant to the terms of the investment agreements with the Institutional Anchor Investors, we have agreed that these investors will not be subject to reductions, vesting triggers or similar provisions with
 respect to their Founder Shares, including in connection with the negotiation of a business combination. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate a business combination. Additionally, substantially concurrently with the closing of the
 Private Placement, the Sponsor sold an aggregate of 66,666 Private Placement Warrants to the Institutional Anchor Investors for 100,000.

The Founder Shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold in the IPO, except that: (1) the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as
 described in more detail below; (2) our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, and the Institutional Anchor Investors have entered into investment agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to:
 (a) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination; (b) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder
 Shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemptions in connection with our
 initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we have not consummated our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
 rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (c) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24
 months from the closing of the IPO (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
 frame); (3) the Founder Shares are automatically convertible into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as
 described herein; and (4) the Founder Shares are entitled to registration rights. In addition, our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, which imposes the same obligations on them with respect to any Public Shares
 acquired by them.

34 

Table of Contents 

The personal and financial interests of our Sponsor, officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial
 business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month deadline following the closing of the IPO nears, which is the deadline for the
 completion of our initial business combination.

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our
 leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us.

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the IPO, we may choose to incur
 substantial debt to complete our initial business combination and affiliates of AxonPrime Infrastructure Sponsor LLC could potentially provide such financing. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the
 lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the
 incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios
 or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock;

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures,
 acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
 compared to our competitors who have less debt.

35 

Table of Contents 

We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, which will cause us to
 be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may materially negatively impact our operations and profitability.

The net proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants provided us with 150,000,000 that we may use to complete our initial business combination (or net proceeds of
 141,216,375, after taking into account the 5,250,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the Trust Account and the expenses of the IPO).

We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to
 effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the
 SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may
 subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the
 resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which
 we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination.

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial
 business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on
 the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks,
 including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and
 services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a
 business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private
 companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we
 suspected, if at all.

36 

Table of Contents 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial
 business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree.

Our Certificate of Incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that we will only redeem our Public Shares so long as, after payment of the deferred
 underwriting commissions and after such redemptions, our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 (a) in the case of our initial business combination, either prior to or upon consummation of such initial business combination, after payment
 of the deferred underwriting commission or (b) in the case of an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemptions in connection with our initial business combination or to
 redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we have not consummated our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business
 combination activity, upon such amendment (in each case such that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules), or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our
 initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek
 stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares
 to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Common Stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required
 to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Common Stock submitted
 for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination.

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and
 modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our Certificate of Incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial
 business combination that some of our stockholders may not support.

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including
 their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants,
 amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments, including to extend the time to consummate an
 initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination.

Certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement
 governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us,
 therefore, to amend our Certificate of Incorporation to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support.

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination
 activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s stockholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s Public Shares. Our
 Certificate of Incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement Warrants into the Trust Account and not release such
 amounts except in specified circumstances) may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our common stock who attend and vote in a stockholder meeting, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds
 from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our outstanding common stock. In all other instances, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that it may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding
 common stock, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Unless specified in our Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a
 majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders, and, prior to our initial business combination, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the
 outstanding shares of our Class B common stock is required to approve the election or removal of directors. Our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, who collectively beneficially own 28 of our common stock (including Units
 purchased in the IPO), may participate in any vote to amend our Certificate of Incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our
 Certificate of Incorporation which will govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete our initial business combination with which you do not agree.

37 

Table of Contents 

Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement, that they will not propose any amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation (A) to modify the substance or
 timing of our obligation to allow redemptions in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or (B)
 with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any
 such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement that we have
 entered into with our Sponsor, officers and directors. Our public stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, officers or
 directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law.

Certain agreements related to our Initial Public Offering may be amended without stockholder approval.

Certain agreements, including the letter agreement among us and our Sponsor, officers and directors, the investment agreements between us and the Institutional Anchor Investors and the
 registration rights agreement among us and our initial stockholders, may be amended without stockholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions, including transfer restrictions on our Founder Shares, that our public stockholders
 might deem to be material. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business
 judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendments would not require approval from our
 stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities.

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business,
 which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination.

Although we believe that the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will represent sufficient equity capital to allow us to complete our initial business
 combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants prove to be
 insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect
 redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the
 proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination,
 we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial
 business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target
 business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders or any of their respective affiliates, including AxonPrime Infrastructure Sponsor LLC, is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business
 combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account, and our warrants will
 expire worthless.

38 

Table of Contents 

Our initial stockholders will control the election of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination and will hold a
 substantial interest in us. As a result, they will elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not
 support.

As of the date that we consummated our IPO, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees collectively owned 28 of our outstanding common stock (including Units purchased in the IPO).
 In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of our Class B common stock will have the right to appoint all of our directors and may remove members of our board of directors for any reason. Holders of our Public Shares will
 have no right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation may only be amended by holders of at least 90 of the outstanding shares of our common stock voting at a stockholder
 meeting. As a result, you will not have any influence over the election of directors prior to our initial business combination.

Neither our initial stockholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this report.
 Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, as a result of their substantial ownership in our company, our initial
 stockholders may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions.

If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of Common Stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their influence over these actions.
 Accordingly, our initial stockholders will exert significant influence over actions requiring a stockholder vote.

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

Unlike most blank check companies, if we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial
 business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any
 such issuance to our Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by our Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) newly issued price ), the exercise price of the warrants will be
 adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the newly issued price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the newly issued price. This may make it more difficult
 for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business.

Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial
 business combination with some prospective target businesses.

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial
 statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be
 required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
 Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial
 statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy
 rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.

39 

Table of Contents 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial
 financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022.
 Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
 requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because
 a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any
 such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such initial business combination.

Data privacy and security breaches, including, but not limited to, those resulting from cyber incidents or attacks, acts of vandalism or theft, computer
 viruses and/or misplaced or lost data, could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption, reputational harm, criminal liability and/or financial loss.

In searching for targets for our initial business combination, we may depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including
 those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or privacy and security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption
 or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information, and sensitive or confidential data, including certain health information protected under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, and other laws. As an
 early stage company without significant investments in data privacy or security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences and therefore could be liable for privacy and security breaches, including potentially those
 caused by any of our subcontractors. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents or other incidents that result in a privacy or security breach. It is
 possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to reputational harm, criminal liability and/or financial loss.

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on
 shareholders or warrant holders.

We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the DGCL, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business
 is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident
 if it is a tax transparent entity (or may otherwise result in adverse tax consequences). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to
 withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation.

40 

Table of Contents 

Involvement of members of our management team and companies with which they are affiliated in civil disputes and litigation, governmental investigations, or
 negative publicity unrelated to our business affairs could materially impact our ability to consummate an initial business combination.

Our directors and officers and companies with which they are affiliated have been, and in the future will continue to be, involved in a wide variety of business affairs, including transactions,
 such as sales and purchases of businesses, and ongoing operations, as well as public service and other associations. As a result of such involvement, members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in have been, and may in
 the future be, involved in civil disputes, litigation, governmental investigations, and negative publicity relating to their business affairs, public service, or other associations. Any such claims, investigations, lawsuits, or negative publicity
 may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination in a material manner and may have adverse effect on the price of our securities.

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company

Because we intend to seek a business combination with a target business or businesses in infrastructure, we expect our future operations to be subject to
 risks associated with this industry.

We intend to focus our search for a business combination target in infrastructure. Accordingly, we may pursue a target business in any sector within the infrastructure space. Because we have not
 yet selected any specific target business or sector, we cannot provide specific risks of any business combination. However, risks inherent in investments in infrastructure, infrastructure services and related sectors include, but are not limited
 to, the following:

significant federal, state and local regulation, taxation and regulatory approval processes as well as changes in applicable laws and regulations, including the ability to procure necessary governmental
 licenses, concessions, leases or contracts and rules and regulations relating to environmental protection climate change, including potential penalties resulting from the violation of such environmental regulations;

worldwide and regional economic and financial conditions impacting global and regional supply and demand;

competitive pressures as a result of consumer demand, technological advances, and other factors;

the speculative nature of and high degree of risk involved in investments in the energy value chain;

availability of key inputs, such as strategic consumables, raw materials and necessary equipment;

fluctuations in real estate availability and value;

the inherent risks associated with real estate ownership, including the potential for litigation, depreciation, title disputes and real estate regulations;

available transportation, storage and other transportation capacity;

changes in global supply and demand and prices for commodities;

overall domestic and global economic conditions;

availability of, and potential disputes with, contractors and subcontractors;

risks of eminent domain and governmental takings;

inflation risk;

loss of customers;

construction and other capital expenditures;

natural disasters, terrorist acts and similar dislocations; and

value of U.S. dollar relative to the currencies of other countries.

41 

Table of Contents 

Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will not be limited to
 businesses in the infrastructure-related industry sectors. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks we will be subject to risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which
 we acquire, which may or may not be different than those risks listed above.

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and
 impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with a
 particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these
 factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks,
 unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that
 we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of
 assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial
 business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss
 of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.

We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire less than 100 of the outstanding equity
 interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
 interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction
 company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on
 valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Common Stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of
 a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third parties in connection with financing our initial business combination. In such cases, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a
 substantial number of new shares of Common Stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of Common Stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority
 stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able
 to maintain our control of the target business.

42 

Table of Contents 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a
 target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a
 lack of time, resources or information.

Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the
 target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant
 holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
 reduction in value.

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a target business s key personnel could negatively impact
 the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that
 certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not
 wish to remain in place.

If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming
 familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues.

Following our initial business combination, any or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the post-business combination company, and the management of the target
 business at the time of the business combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S. securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and
 resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.

Risks Relating to Our Management Team

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key
 personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot
 presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target
 business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may
 be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.

We are dependent upon our directors and officers and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate.

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and in particular, we believe that our success depends on the continued service of our directors and officers, at least
 until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our directors and officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time
 among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Moreover, certain of our directors and officers have time and attention requirements for investment funds of which
 affiliates of our Sponsor are the investment managers. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or
 officers could have a detrimental effect on us.

43 

Table of Contents 

Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to
 devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and
 our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers and our Chairman is engaged in other business
 endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers and our Chairman are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors may also serve as officers or
 board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time
 to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Certain of our officers and directors expect to have, and any of them may in the future become, affiliated with several other entities engaged in business
 activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Certain of our officers and directors expect to
 have, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with several other entities that are engaged in a similar business.

Certain of our officers and directors expect to have, and any of them in the future may further have, fiduciary or contractual obligations to several other entities pursuant to which such officer
 or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or
 she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor these obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. These conflicts
 may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to
 any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and
 would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.

Our officers, directors and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or
 disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not
 intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their
 interests and ours.

44 

Table of Contents 

Our Sponsor and its affiliates may have incentives to take increased investment risk and to complete a transaction on terms that are less favorable to you
 in order to complete a transaction within the specified time period to avoid losing their investment.

You should be aware that our Sponsor s and its permitted transferees collective ownership of more than 20 of our issued and outstanding shares and the Private Placement Warrants that are
 exercisable for additional shares of our common stock, which it has collectively acquired for 5,000,000, as well as any working capital loans by our Sponsor that may be converted into warrants, could create actual and significant conflicts of
 interest.

You should also be aware that this expected ownership interest will have an immediate and substantial dilutive impact on the value of our Class A common stock. It is not possible to quantify the
 extent of such dilution at this time, which will be impacted by a number of unknown factors, including without limitation the number of redemptions in connection with our initial business combination, which will magnify the dilutive impact of our
 Sponsor s ownership interests, as well as certain rights that we may, in our discretion, grant to parties in connection with any financing necessary to complete our initial business combination, including in the form of a private investment in
 public equity PIPE ).

We must generate sufficient value from our initial business combination in order to overcome the dilutive impact of these factors, including our Sponsor s expected ownership interests, and there
 is no guarantee that we will be able to do so. Moreover, even if our initial business combination generates sufficient value to overcome this dilution, you will still bear the impact of this dilution as a cost. Additionally, our Sponsor may still
 realize substantial profits by virtue of its expected ownership interests in our Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants even if our initial business combination does not generate sufficient value to overcome the dilution you will
 experience and even if our post-combination business performs poorly while you will experience a loss. Please see Risks Relating to Our Securities The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
 number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure, and may substantially dilute your investment in us and Risks Relating to Our Securities Our Sponsor paid an aggregate
 of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per Founder Share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our Class A common stock. 

Our Sponsor s expected ownership interests in our Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants (including any working capital loans by our Sponsor that may be converted into warrants), as well
 as the other forms of compensation our Sponsor and its affiliates are expected to receive from us, together, create significant actual and potential conflicts of interest. In particular, our Sponsor and its affiliates will benefit more than you
 from our completion of an initial business combination, and may benefit from an initial business combination even if you experience a loss. Accordingly, our Sponsor and its affiliates have an incentive to take increased investment risk and to
 complete a transaction on terms that are less favorable to you including by completing a transaction that may not generate sufficient value to overcome the dilutive impact of their expected ownership interests on your investment in order to
 complete a transaction within the specified time period to avoid losing their investment.

45 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Our Securities

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment,
 therefore, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of our initial business combination, and then only in
 connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein; (2) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote
 to amend our Certificate of Incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemptions in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial
 business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (3) the redemption of all of our Public Shares if we
 have not completed our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24
 months from the closing of the IPO for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our Trust Account.
 In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of the IPO before they receive funds from our Trust Account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to
 or in the Trust Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares or warrants,
 potentially at a loss.

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to
 additional trading restrictions.

Our Units, Class A common stock and warrants have been approved for listing on Nasdaq. Although after giving effect to the IPO we met the minimum initial listing standards set forth in Nasdaq
 listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial
 business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. In general, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities
 (generally 300 round-lot holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued
 listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our stockholders equity would generally be required to be
 at least 5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders (with at least 50 of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500) of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will
 be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.

If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted
 on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

reduced liquidity for our securities;

a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of
 trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities;

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as
 covered securities. Because we expect that our Units and eventually our Class A common stock and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq, our Units, Class A common stock and warrants will qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the
 states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can
 regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain
 state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on
 Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.

46 

Table of Contents 

Our Sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per Founder Share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial
 dilution from the purchase of our Class A common stock.

The difference between the public offering price per share (allocating all of the Unit purchase price to the common stock and none to the warrant included in the Unit) and the pro forma net
 tangible book value per share of our Class A common stock after the IPO constitutes the dilution to the investors in the IPO. Our Sponsor acquired the Founder Shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. At the time of
 the closing of the IPO, the public stockholders incurred an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 91.5 , the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share of approximately 0.85 and the initial offering price of
 10.00 per Unit. This dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock result in the issuance of shares of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B
 common stock at the time of our initial business combination and would become exacerbated to the extent that public stockholders seek redemptions from the trust. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection in the Founder Shares, any
 equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial business combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A common stock.

The market for our securities is still in development, which may adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.

There is currently a limited market for our securities. Stockholders therefore have little to no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. The
 price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural
 disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases). Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be
 established and sustained.

We are not registering the issuance of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state
 securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing
 such warrants to expire worthless.

We are not registering the issuance of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the
 terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, to use our commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within 60 business
 days following our initial business combination have declared effective, a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon
 exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental
 change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the issuance of the
 shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless
 basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder
 or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered
 security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the
 event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue-sky laws to the extent an exemption is
 not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under
 applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be
 entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of Units will have paid the full Unit purchase price solely for the shares of
 Class A common stock included in the Units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our Private Placement Warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for
 holders of the public warrants included as part of Units sold in the IPO. In such an instance, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the common
 stock underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying common stock. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if
 we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to
 exercise the warrants.

47 

Table of Contents 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the
 then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the warrants could be converted into cash or stock, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock
 purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval.

Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the
 warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely
 affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such
 amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the
 exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.

Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole
 and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our Company.

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the
 Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be
 the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We have waived any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which
 the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to
 the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States
 District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the
 State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon
 such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.

48 

Table of Contents 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits.
 Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
 such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and may result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.

Our warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability and were recorded at fair value upon issuance, with changes in fair value each period reported in
 earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

We issued warrants to purchase 5,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock as part of the Units offered by the Final Prospectus and, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we issued in a
 Private Placement an aggregate of 3,333,333 Private Placement Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 3,333,333 shares of Class A common stock. We expect to account for these as a warrant liability. They were recorded at fair value upon issuance,
 with any changes in fair value each period being reported in earnings as determined by us based on a valuation report obtained from our third-party valuation firm. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the
 market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, potential targets may seek a special purpose acquisition company that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult for us to
 consummate an initial business combination with a target business.

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales
 price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities as
 described above) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise
 our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable
 to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so; (2) sell your warrants at the
 then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants; or (3) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market
 value of your warrants. None of the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us (except as described in the Final Prospectus under Description of Securities Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Redemption of Warrants so long as
 they are held by our Sponsor, any Institutional Anchor Investors or their permitted transferees.

In addition, we may redeem your warrants after they become exercisable for 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to
 exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock. Any such redemption may have similar consequences to a cash redemption
 described above. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the warrants are out-of-the-money, in which case you would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of the Class A common stock had your
 warrants remained outstanding.

49 

Table of Contents 

Our warrants and Founder Shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our
 initial business combination.

We issued warrants to purchase 5,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock, at a price of 11.50 per whole share (subject to adjustment as provided in the Final Prospectus), as part of the Units
 offered by the Final Prospectus and, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we issued in a Private Placement an aggregate of 3,333,333 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of
 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. Our initial stockholders and permitted transferees currently hold 3,750,000 Founder Shares. The Founder Shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis,
 subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our Sponsor, an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors make any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the
 price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. To the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to effectuate our initial business combination, the potential for
 the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants or conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the
 number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the value of the Class A common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants and Founder Shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a business
 combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the Units in the IPO except that, so long as they are held by our Sponsor, any Institutional Anchor Investor or their
 permitted transferees: (1) they will not be redeemable by us (except as described in the Final Prospectus under Description of Securities Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Redemption of Warrants (2) they (including the Class A
 common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our Sponsor or the relevant Institutional Anchor Investor until 30 days after the completion of our initial
 business combination; (3) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis; and (4) they (including the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights. The Private Placement Warrants
 will not vote on any amendments to the warrant agreement discussed elsewhere in this report.

Because each Unit offered in the IPO contained one-third of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less
 than units of other blank check companies.

Each Unit offered in the IPO contained one-third of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units, and only whole
 warrants will trade. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of Class A common stock and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the Units in this way in
 order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to
 purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive business combination partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one
 whole share.

Provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay
 in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management.

Our Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include the
 ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our shares of Class B common stock, which may make
 more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

50 

Table of Contents 

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management
 and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

Our Certificate of Incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and
 proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company or our company s directors, officers or other employees.

Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent
 permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of our
 company to our company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against our company or any director or officer of our company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or
 our Certificate of Incorporation or our bylaws, or (4) action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer of our company governed by the internal affairs doctrine except for, as to each of (1) through (4) above, any claim (a) as to
 which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten
 days following such determination), (b) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (c) for which the Court of Chancery and the U.S. federal district court for the District of Delaware
 does not have subject matter jurisdiction, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall concurrently be the sole and exclusive forums. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our Certificate of
 Incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall
 be the sole and exclusive forum. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Additionally,
 unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act against us or any of our
 directors, officers, other employees or agents. Section 22 of the Securities Act, however, created concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the
 rules and regulation thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in
 legal proceedings. While the Delaware courts have determined that such exclusive forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions,
 and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and to have
 consented to the forum provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation, however, we note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits
 us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us and may have the
 effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers.

If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a foreign action in the name of
 any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the
 forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such enforcement action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such stockholder.

This choice-of-forum provision may make it more costly for a stockholder to bring a claim, and it may also limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds
 favorable for disputes with our company or its directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our Certificate of Incorporation inapplicable or unenforceable
 with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.

51 

Table of Contents 

We may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price which is less than the prevailing market price of our
 shares at that time.

In connection with our initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price of 10.00 per share or which
 approximates the per-share amounts in our Trust Account at such time, which is generally approximately 10.00. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity. The price
 of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time.

An investment in our shares may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences.

An investment in our shares may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to the Units we
 issued in the IPO, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a Unit between the Class A common stock and the one-third of a warrant to purchase one Class A common stock included in each Unit could be challenged by the
 IRS or courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants included in the Units we issued in the IPO is unclear under current law, and the adjustment to the exercise price and/or redemption price of
 the warrants could give rise to dividend income to investors without a corresponding payment of cash. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our Class A common stock suspend the running of a U.S. Holder s (as defined
 in United States Federal Income Tax Considerations in the Final Prospectus) holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A common stock is long-term capital gain or
 loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences
 when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities.

General Risk Factors

We are a newly incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our
 business objective.

We are a newly incorporated company with no operating results, and we did not commence operations until obtaining funding through the IPO. Because we have a limited operating history, you have a
 limited basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target
 business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our
 ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022 we had 35,275 in cash and working capital deficit of 1,860,620. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur
 significant costs in pursuit of our finance and acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate a Business Combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our
 ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern.

52 

Table of Contents 

Past performance by members of our management team and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.

Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, members of our management team and their respective affiliates, including Axon Capital and Prime Movers Lab, is presented for
 informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance, including related to acquisitions, of members of our management team and their respective affiliates, including Axon Capital and Prime Movers Lab, is not a guarantee either: (1)
 that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination; or (2) of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our
 management team s or their affiliates performance, including that of Axon Capital and Prime Movers Lab, as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. An
 investment in us is not an investment in Axon Capital, Prime Movers Lab or any of their funds.

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions
 from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
 are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
 obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
 payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that
 status earlier, including if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of
 such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the
 trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is,
 those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act
 provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
 extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private
 companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended
 transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations,
 including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
 exceeds 250 million as of the end of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700
 million as of the end of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or
 impossible.

53 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

Item 2. 

Properties.

We currently utilize office space at 126 E. 56 th Street, 30 th Floor, New York, New York 10022. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings.

There is no material litigation, arbitration, governmental proceeding or any other legal proceeding currently pending or known to be contemplated against us or any members of our management team
 in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 12 months preceding the date of this report.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

PART II

Item 5. 

Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Our Units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols APMIU, APMI and APMIW, respectively.

As of May 2, 2023, there were 15,000,000 of our shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately 33 stockholders of
 record, and there were 3,750,000 of our shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately 28 stockholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not
 include beneficial owners of shares of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies.

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial
 business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of
 any dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness subsequent to the initial business combination, our ability to declare
 dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

As of December 31, 2022, we had no equity compensation plans or outstanding equity awards. The following table is presented as
 of December 31, 2022 in accordance with SEC requirements:

Plan Category

Number of Securities

 to be Issued

 Upon Exercise of

 Outstanding Options,

 Warrants and Rights

Weighted Average

 Exercise Price of

 Outstanding Options,

 Warrants and Rights

Number of Securities

 Remaining Available

 for Future Issuance

 Under Equity

 Compensation Plans

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders

54 

Table of Contents 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

There were no sales of unregistered securities.

Use of Proceeds

On August 17, 2021 we consummated our IPO of 15,000,000 Units at 10.00 per share. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A
 common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Certain
 investment funds managed by affiliates of the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 1,500,000 Units in the IPO. As part of the IPO, the Institutional Anchor Investors purchased an aggregate of 127,900,000 of the Units. The IPO generated net
 proceeds of 146,466,375 and offering costs of 8,703,625, which includes 3,000,000 of underwriting fees, 5,250,000 in deferred underwriting commissions, 453,625 of other offering costs, and an estimated additional 80,000 in other offering
 expenses that will be paid (or net proceeds of 141,216,375 giving effect to deferred underwriting commissions). No payments for offering expenses, and no payments from the net offering proceeds, were made by us to our directors, officers or
 their associates, persons owning 10 or more of any class of equity securities of the Company or affiliates of the Company, except that offering expenses have been funded in part by the outstanding promissory note with our Sponsor, as disclosed
 above.

Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, we consummated the Private Placement of 3,333,333 Private Placement Warrants
 at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of 5,000,000, to the Sponsor. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the Private Placement, the Sponsor sold an aggregate of 66,666 Private Placement Warrants
 to the Institutional Anchor Investors. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold in the IPO, except that the Private Placement Warrants are non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as
 they continue to be held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. The purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the securities purchased in the Private Placement, including
 the underlying shares of Class A common stock (except to certain permitted transferees), until 30 days after the consummation of the Company s initial business combination.

Upon the closing of the IPO and the Private Placement, a total amount of 150,000,000 10.00 per share) from the net proceeds of
 the IPO and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a Trust Account located in the United States with Computershare Trust Company, N.A. acting as trustee. The funds are invested only in United States government
 securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of
 1940 which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account.

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our Initial Public Offering, see below Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

None.

Item 6. 

[Reserved]

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This
 discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations, estimates and assumptions concerning events and financial trends that may affect our future operating results or financial position. Actual results and the timing
 of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the sections of this Annual Report entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and
 elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

55 

Table of Contents 

Overview

We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the state of Delaware on April 1, 2021, for the purpose of effectuating a merger, capital stock exchange, asset
 acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses business combination ). We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO, our capital stock,
 debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies.

As indicated in the accompanying audited financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, we had 35,275 in cash and working capital deficit of 1,860,620. Further, we expect to
 incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful.

Results of Operations

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities, those necessary to prepare
 for our IPO, and, since the closing of our Initial Public Offering, our search for business combination candidates. On August 17, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 15,000,000 Units, as described below under Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 Subsequent to our IPO, we have not generated, and will not generate, any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We have generated non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash
 equivalents from the proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement (as defined herein). There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position since the date of our unaudited condensed financial statements included in our
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 18, 2021. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance) as well as for due diligence
 expenses. We expect our expenses to increase substantially since the closing of our IPO.

Our entire activity from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, was, except as noted above, related to
 organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the IPO. Since the consummation of the IPO, our only business activities have been searching for a target for a business combination. As a result, we will not be generating any
 operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had total net income of 5,943,049, which consisted of accrued income of 2,172,759
 from investments in our Trust Account and 5,866,667 of unrealized gain on fair value changes of warrants, less 1,449,089 of operating expenses 200,000 of franchise tax expense and 456,279 of income tax expense. The operating expenses were
 primarily due to fees to professionals such as the auditors, legal counsel and consultants, and insurance expenses.

For the period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had total net income of 525,837, which consisted of
 a gain on change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 2,283,333, and income earned on investments in Trust Account of 566, offset by 1,175,244 of formation costs and other operating expenses, a warrant offering expense of 289,574, 141,870
 of offering costs related to transferring founder shares to anchor investors, and 151,374 of franchise tax expense.

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern 

On August 17, 2021 we consummated our IPO of 15,000,000 Units at 10.00 per share. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and
 one-third of one redeemable warrant, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Certain investment funds managed by affiliates of the Sponsor
 purchased an aggregate of 1,500,000 Units in the IPO. As part of the IPO, the Institutional Anchor Investors purchased an aggregate of 127,900,000 of Units. The IPO generated net proceeds of 146,466,375 and offering costs of 8,703,625, which
 includes 3,000,000 of underwriting fees, 5,250,000 in deferred underwriting commissions, 453,625 of other offering costs, and an estimated additional 80,000 in other offering expenses that will be paid (or net proceeds of 141,216,375 giving
 effect to deferred underwriting commissions). No payments for offering expenses, and no payments from the net offering proceeds, were made by us to our directors, officers or their associates, persons owning 10 or more of any class of equity
 securities of the Company or affiliates of the Company, except that offering expenses have been funded in part by the outstanding promissory note with our Sponsor, as disclosed above.

56 

Table of Contents 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, we consummated the Private Placement of 3,333,333 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant,
 generating total proceeds of 5,000,000, to the Sponsor. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the Private Placement, the Sponsor sold an aggregate of 66,666 Private Placement Warrants to the Institutional Anchor Investors. The Private
 Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold in the IPO, except that the Private Placement Warrants are non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers
 or their permitted transferees. The purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the securities purchased in the Private Placement, including the underlying shares of Class A common stock (except
 to certain permitted transferees), until 30 days after the consummation of the Company s initial business combination.

Upon the closing of the IPO and the Private Placement, a total amount of 150,000,000 10.00 per share) from the net proceeds of the IPO and certain of the proceeds of the
 Private Placement was placed in a Trust Account located in the United States with Computershare Trust Company, N.A. acting as trustee. The funds are invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of
 the Investment Company Act of 1940 having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
 obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account.

We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account, excluding deferred
 underwriting commissions, to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete
 an initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.

As of December 30, 2022 the Company had 35,275 in its operating bank account and had a working capital deficit of 1,860,620. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust
 Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives
 or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete an initial Business Combination.

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our
 Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we expect to repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account
 released to us. Otherwise, such loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside of the Trust Account. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants
 would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants issued to our Sponsor. The terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other
 than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account.

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update
 ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until August 17, 2023, to consummate the initial Business Combination. It is
 uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate the initial Business Combination by this time. If a business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the
 Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
 concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after August 17, 2023. The Company intends to complete the initial Business Combination before the mandatory
 liquidation date. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to consummate any business combination by August 17, 2023.

57 

Table of Contents 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022.

Commitments and Contractual Obligations 

Administrative Services Agreement

On August 12, 2021, we entered into an Administrative Services Agreement pursuant to which we have been paying our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per
 month, and will continue to pay this amount for up to 24 months in total, for administrative and support services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans (and in each case holders of their
 component securities, as applicable) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, requiring the Company to register such
 securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to our Class A ordinary shares). The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the
 Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to
 register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting Agreement

The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to 2,250,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the
 underwriting discounts and commissions.

The underwriter was paid a cash underwriting discount of 2.00 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or 3,000,000, in connection with the Initial Public
 Offering. In addition, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of three and half percent (3.50 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or 5,250,000. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts
 held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

The underwriter s over-allotment option was not exercised and expired on September 26, 2021.

Critical Accounting Estimates

This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
 GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial
 statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various
 other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
 may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The Company has identified the following as its critical accounting estimates:

58 

Table of Contents 

Warrant Liabilities

The Company accounts for the Warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the specific terms of the Warrants and the applicable authoritative
 guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ), and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether
 they are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the Warrants are indexed to the
 Company s own common shares and whether the holders of the Warrants could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which
 requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of issuance of the Warrants and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the Warrants are outstanding.

For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, such warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital
 at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, such warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date
 thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of liability-classified warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. The fair value of the Private Warrants were estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation
 model-based approach. The measurements of fair market value of the Public Warrants were initially estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model-based approach. As of December 31, 2022 the Public warrants are calculated based on the market price
 of the Public Warrants, which trade under the ticker symbol APMIW (See Note 10).

JOBS Act 

The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and
 under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and
 as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to
 companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set
 forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial
 reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement
 that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), (iv) disclose
 certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation and (v) comply with the requirements of holding a
 nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our IPO or until we are no
 longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

As of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, the net proceeds of our Initial
 Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the
 short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.

59 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Our financial statements and the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report.

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures.

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act
 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
 to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required
 disclosure.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the
 time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely
 decisions regarding required disclosure

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer carried out an evaluation of the
 effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer, who is also acting as our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure
 controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective.

Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
 control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal
 executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
 assets of our company,

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
 with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets
 that could have a material effect on the financial statements

60 

Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements
 in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies
 or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective.

This Report does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due
 to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act.

Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
 affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 

Other Information.

None.

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

Not applicable.

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

MANAGEMENT

Founders, Directors and Executive Officers

Our founders, officers and directors are as follows:

61 

Table of Contents 

Name

Age

Title

Dinakar Singh

53

Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer

Richard Spencer

68

Director

Muneer Satter

61

Director

Koryn Estrada

36

Director

William Ulrich

38

Director

Dinakar Singh is our Founder, CEO and Interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Singh is the CEO of Axon Capital, a global investment firm, which he founded in 2005. Mr. Singh was previously a senior
 Partner at Goldman Sachs, where he was global co-head of the Principal Strategies Department, which was the firm s highly profitable global equities proprietary trading and investment business. He was also a member of the Operating Committee,
 Partnership Committee, Risk Committee and Asia Management Committee. Mr. Singh became a partner in 1998, and at that time was the second youngest partner in Goldman Sachs history. Driven by his daughter Arya s diagnosis with Spinal Muscular
 Atrophy SMA ), Mr. Singh established the SMA Foundation in 2003 to drive development of a treatment for SMA, which was the leading genetic cause of death in young children. Through over 100 million of strategic investments, the Foundation
 successfully facilitated or drove three transformative FDA-approved treatments, and helped establish SMA as a model for the potential to transform deadly rare diseases. Mr. Singh serves on the boards of the Columbia University Medical Center and
 New York Public Library, where he chairs the Investment Committee for the NYPL endowment. He also previously served as a member of the Yale Investment Committee, and Trustee of Rockefeller University and Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, and served
 on the investment committees of both.

62 

Table of Contents 

Richard Spencer is a 1976 graduate of Rollins College with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics. Upon graduation, he joined the United States Marine Corps, and proudly served as an H-46 (Phrog) pilot
 until 1981. After leaving active duty, Mr. Spencer worked on Wall Street for 16 years with responsibilities centered on investment banking services. He served as President of Crossroads Investment Management, LLC, and then joined Intercontinental
 Exchange, Inc., as Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Before being nominated as the Secretary of the Navy in 2017, Mr. Spencer was the Managing Director of Fall Creek Management, LLC. Mr. Spencer is also on the boards of Global Atlantic
 Financial Group, Morpheus Space GmbH and Aviation Safety Resources Inc. Mr. Spencer was sworn in as the 76th secretary of the Navy on Aug. 3, 2017, and served in that office until Nov 24, 2019. He served as acting secretary of defense from July
 15, 2019, to July 23, 2019. He performed the duties of the deputy secretary of defense from July 23, 2019, to July 31, 2019. We believe that Mr. Spencer is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive business experience.

Muneer Satter has been Founder and Managing Partner of Satter Medical Technology Partners, L.P. since 2016, and Chairman of Satter Investment Management, LLC since 2012, and he also manages the
 Satter Foundation. Prior to Satter Investment Management, Mr. Satter was a partner at Goldman Sachs where he spent 24 years in various roles, most recently as a senior member of the Merchant Banking Investment Committee overseeing private equity
 and debt investments, and the Global Head of the Mezzanine Group in the Merchant Banking Division, where he raised and managed over 30 billion of assets. He was also Chairman of the Risk Committee overseeing 80 billion of assets. Mr. Satter is
 currently a director of REX Real Estate Exchange, Inc. Mr. Satter has been a director of Annexon, Inc. since December 2014, and was a director of Aerpio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from October 2013 to June 2020, a director and Chairman of Akebia
 Therapeutics, Inc. from May 2013 to December 2018 and a director of Vital Therapies, Inc. from October 2012 to October 2018. Mr. Satter serves as Vice Chairman of the Goldman Sachs Foundation and GS Gives, where he is also Chairman of the
 Investment Committee overseeing 1.2 billion of assets. Mr. Satter is also on the Board of Advisors of Accelerate Institute and is on the board of directors of the Navy SEAL Foundation and Northwestern Medical Group. Mr. Satter is on the Board of
 Trustees of Northwestern University, where he was also previously Chairman of the Finance Committee. Mr. Satter is also a former board member of World Business Chicago and the Nature Conservancy, where he was Chairman of the Finance Committee
 overseeing a 1.8 billion endowment. Mr. Satter received a B.A. in Economics from Northwestern University, a J.D. from Harvard Law School and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. We believe that Mr. Satter is qualified to serve on our board of
 directors due to his extensive investment experience.

Koryn Estrada is a Partner, co-CEO and co-CIO of Axon Capital, an asset management firm in New York. Ms. Estrada oversees a portfolio of concentrated long-term public and private investments, and
 in particular has driven the firm s sizable portfolio of investments in early-stage growth companies. Prior to joining Axon Capital in 2011, Ms. Estrada worked at Shumway Capital Partners, and prior to that in the Oil Gas group of the UBS
 Investment Banking Division. She is a co-founder of and partner at RiseWell, a rapidly growing oral care company, inspired by her passion for wellness and natural products. She is also a director of various growth companies including HeyMama and
 NuMilk (Plant Tap Inc.). She received her BA from Columbia University with majors in Economics and Philosophy.

William Ulrich has 15 years of experience within the energy and finance sectors and is focused on deploying technology to drive behavior change in the energy industry. Mr. Ulrich is currently the
 co-CEO and a Director of Presidio Petroleum. Fort Worth-based Presidio is an oil and gas efficiency company founded to acquire, operate, and optimize producing oil and natural gas properties in established U.S. onshore basins. The company
 leverages engineering efficiency and the embedding of technology to improve decision-making, achieve best-in-class operations, and enhance free cash flow in an environmentally and socially responsible manner across its portfolio of over 5,500 oil
 and gas wells. From 2009 to 2016, Mr. Ulrich served in senior corporate development roles at Atlas Energy (NYSE: ATLS), Atlas Pipeline Partners L.P. (NYSE: APL) and Atlas Resource Partners L.P. (NYSE: ARP). From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Ulrich was an
 investment banker at UBS Investment Bank. We believe that Mr. Ulrich is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive business and public company experience.

63 

Table of Contents 

Number, Terms of Office and Election of Officers and Directors

Our board of directors consists of four members. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required
 to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of our initial directors will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders.

Prior to consummation of our initial business combination, holders of our Class B common stock will have the right to elect all of our directors and remove members of our board of directors for
 any reason. Holders of our Public Shares will not have the right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation may only be amended if approved by holders of at least 90 of the
 outstanding shares of our Common Stock voting at a stockholder meeting. Approval of our initial business combination will require the affirmative vote of a majority of our board directors, which must include a majority of our independent
 directors. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the stockholders, prior to our initial business combination, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and
 voting at the meeting of our board of directors that includes any directors representing our Sponsor then on our board of directors, or by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock.

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to
 appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Operating Officer, a Chief Financial
 Officer, a Secretary and such other officers (including without limitation, Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and a Treasurer) as may be determined from time to time by the board of directors.

Committees of the board of directors

Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee, each of which is composed
 solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website.

Audit Committee

We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. The members of our audit committee are Muneer Satter, William Ulrich and Richard Spencer. Muneer Satter serves as chairman of the
 audit committee.

Each member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Muneer Satter qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in
 applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise.

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the audit committee, including:

64 

Table of Contents 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by
 us;

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval
 policies and procedures;

reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence;

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm;

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control
 procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five
 years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues;

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with
 regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules
 promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities.

Compensation Committee

We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Muneer Satter, William Ulrich and Richard Spencer. Muneer Satter serves as
 chairman of the compensation committee.

We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the compensation committee, including:

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such
 goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation;

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other
 officers;

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees;

65 

Table of Contents 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement (if applicable); and

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be
 directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
 committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC.

Director Nominations

We do not have a standing nominating committee, though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by applicable law or stock exchange rules.
 In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq listing rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can
 satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the Nasdaq listing rules, all such directors are
 independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place.

Prior to our initial business combination, the board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking
 proposed nominees to stand for election at an annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set
 forth in our bylaws.

We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees
 for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of
 our stockholders.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on
 our board of directors.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class
 of our equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and ten percent shareholders are required by regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based
 solely on review of the copies of such forms furnished to us, or written representations that no Forms 5 were required, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our
 officers and directors were complied with.

66 

Table of Contents 

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees (our Code of Ethics ). A copy of the Code of Ethics may be provided without charge upon
 request. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors

Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be
 amended. In addition, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such exemption
 from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the DGCL.

We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our Certificate of Incorporation. Our
 bylaws also permit us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have obtained a policy of
 directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and
 directors. A stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been
 informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.

Indemnity

Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or
 products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) 10.00 per Public Share or (2) such lesser amount per Public
 Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to
 pay dissolution expenses), except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering
 against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
 for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our Sponsor, which is a newly formed entity, has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our
 Company and, therefore, our Sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. We
 believe the likelihood of our Sponsor having to indemnify the Trust Account is limited because we will endeavor to have all vendors and prospective target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
 interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.

67 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation.

None of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of
 consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will pay our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month, for up to 24 months for administrative and support services. Our Sponsor, officers and
 directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
 business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their affiliates.

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other compensation from the
 combined company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business
 combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director
 compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion of our initial business combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors.

We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting
 arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination should
 be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this report,
 by:

68 

Table of Contents 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of Common Stock;

each of our executive officers, directors and director nominees; and

all our executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group.

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by them.

Class A

Class B

Number of Shares

 Beneficially Owned

Percentage

 of Class

Number of Shares

 Beneficially Owned(2)

Percentage

 of Class

Name of Beneficial Owner(1)

Principal Stockholders:

AxonPrime Infrastructure Sponsor LLC (3)

3,025,000

80.7

Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (4)

1,185,500

7.90

Sandia Investment Management L.P. (5)

1,000,000

6.70

Sculptor Capital LP (6)

1,261,485

8.41

Directors and Named Executive Officers:

Dinakar Singh (3),(7)

1,500,000

10.0

3,025,000

80.7

Richard Spencer

25,000

Muneer Satter

25,000

Koryn Estrada

William Ulrich

25,000

Directors and executive officers as a group (5 individuals)

1,500,000

10.0

3,100,000

82.7

Less than 1 .

(1) 

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 126 E 56th Street, 30th Floor, New York, New York 10022.

(2) 

Interests shown consist solely of Founder Shares, classified as Class B common stock. Such shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business
 combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment.

69 

Table of Contents 

(3) 

AxonPrime Infrastructure Sponsor LLC is the record holder of the shares. The Sponsor is a direct subsidiary of AxonPrime Infrastructure Sponsor JV LLC. 50 of the equity interests in AxonPrime
 Infrastructure Sponsor JV LLC are directly owned by Prime Infrastructure Sponsor LLC and 50 of such interests are directly owned by Axon Infrastructure Sponsor LLC. Prime Infrastructure Sponsor LLC is controlled by Dakin Sloss and Axon
 Infrastructure Sponsor LLC is controlled by Dinakar Singh. AxonPrime Infrastructure Sponsor LLC is therefore indirectly controlled by Messrs. Singh and Sloss. As such, each of Messrs. Singh and Sloss may be deemed to share beneficial
 ownership of the shares held directly by the Sponsor. Each of Messrs. Singh and Sloss disclaim any beneficial ownership of such shares, , except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein, if any. The Axon Fund is controlled by Mr.
 Singh. The Axon Investment Manager, which is also controlled by Mr. Singh, is the investment manager of the Axon Fund and may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the shares reported above held directly by the Axon Fund and the
 shares that may be deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Singh. The Axon Fund may be deemed to be part of a group that beneficially owns more than 10 of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. Mr. Singh disclaims beneficial
 ownership of such shares, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein, if any.

(4) 

The information in the table above is based solely on information contained in this stockholder s Schedule 13G under the Exchange Act filed with the SEC on February 7, 2022, on behalf of Polar Asset
 Management Partners Inc. Polar ), which has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to certain of the reported shares shown above. Polar serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund PMSMF with
 respect to the shares directly held by PMSMF. The address of Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 0E6.

(5) 

The information in the table above is based solely on information contained in this stockholder s Schedule 13G under the Exchange Act filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022 on behalf of Sandia Investment
 Management L.P. Sandia and Timothy J. Sichler, each of which share voting and dispositive power with respect to certain of the reported shares shown above. The shares reported above are beneficially owned by Sandia in its capacity
 as investment manager to a private investment vehicle and separately managed accounts. Mr. Sichler serves as managing member of the general partner of Sandia and in such capacity may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own the shares
 reported above. The address of Sandia Investment Management L.P. is 201 Washington Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02108.

70 

Table of Contents 

(6) 

The information in the table above is based solely on information contained in this stockholder s Schedule 13G/A under the Exchange Act
 filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 on behalf of Sculptor Capital LP Sculptor ), Sculptor Capital II LP Sculptor-II ), Sculptor Capital Holding Corp. SCHC ), Sculptor Capital Holding II LLC SCHC-II ), Sculptor Capital
 Management, Inc. SCU ), Sculptor Master Fund, Ltd., Sculptor Special Funding, LP, Sculptor Credit Opportunities Master Fund, Ltd., Sculptor SC II LP and Sculptor Enhanced Master Fund, Ltd., each of which share voting and dispositive
 power with respect to certain of the reported shares shown above. Sculptor and Sculptor-II serve as the principal investment managers to a number of private funds and discretionary accounts (collectively, the Accounts ), which hold
 the Common Stock reported above, and thus may be deemed beneficial owners of the shares of Class A common stock in the Accounts managed by Sculptor and Sculptor-II. SCHC-II serves as the sole general partner of Sculptor-II and is
 wholly owned by Sculptor. SCHC serves as the sole general partner of Sculptor. As such, SCHC and SCHC-II may be deemed to control Sculptor as well as Sculptor-II and, therefore, may be deemed to be the beneficial owners the shares
 reported above. SCU is the sole shareholder of SCHC, and may be deemed a beneficial owner of the shares reported above. The address of Sculptor Capital LP is 9 West 57th Street, New York, New York 10019.

(7) 

Represents shares of Class A common stock acquired by Axon Partners, LP, of which Axon Capital LP is the investment manager, in connection with the purchase of 1,500,000 units of the Company. The general
 partner of Axon Partners, LP is Axon Partners GP, L.P. The general partner of Axon Partners GP, L.P. is Axon GP, LLC. The managing member of Axon GP, LLC is Dinakar Singh LLC. The managing member of Dinakar Singh LLC is Dinakar
 Singh. Therefore, the shares reported above may be deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Singh. Mr. Singh disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein, if any.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

Initial Public Offering

On August 17, 2021, the Company sold 15,000,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 150,000,000, and incurring offering costs totaling 8,703,625, consisting of 3,000,000
 of underwriting fees, 5,250,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 453,625 of other offering costs. Each Unit consists of one of the Company s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant. Each
 whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per whole share.

As part of the Initial Public Offering, certain Institutional Anchor Investors not then affiliated with the Company, the Sponsor, or the Company s officers, directors, or any member of the
 Company s management purchased an aggregate of 12,790,000 Units at the offering price of 10.00 per Unit.

Private Placement

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased 3,333,333 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant, generating total proceeds of
 5,000,000 to the Company. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the Private Placement, the Sponsor sold an aggregate of 66,666 Private Placement Warrants to the Institutional Anchor Investors for 100,000.

71 

Table of Contents 

Each Private Placement Warrant is identical to each warrant offered in the Initial Public Offering, except there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
 with respect to Private Placement Warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company does not consummate a business combination within the Combination Period.

Related Party Transactions

Founder Shares; Initial Public Offering

On April 9, 2021, one of the Company s founders paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for 8,625,000 Founder Shares. Subsequently, on
 April 19, 2021, all Founder Shares were assigned to the Sponsor. On July 6, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares of Class B common stock for no consideration, which were cancelled resulting in an aggregate of 4,312,500
 shares of Class B common stock outstanding as of such date. Also on July 6, 2021, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 25,000 Founder Shares to each of the Company s independent director nominees (75,000 shares in total) at their original
 issue price.

The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option from the date of the Final Prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 2,250,000 additional Units to cover
 over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. Following the expiration of the underwriter s over-allotment option on September 26, 2021 an aggregate of 3,750,000 Founder Shares were
 issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2021 (reflecting the forfeiture by the Sponsor of 562,500 Founder Shares). 562,500 Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor as the underwriter s over-allotment option was not exercised.

The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a business combination or (B) following the
 completion of an initial business combination, the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or similar transaction that results in the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Common
 Stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations,
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the business combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up.

In connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor sold 650,000 Founder Shares to the Institutional Anchor Investors at the original purchase price of 0.003 per share.

In addition, certain investment funds managed by an affiliate of the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 1,500,000 Units as part of the Initial Public Offering. These Units were sold at the
 public offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 15,000,000.

Promissory Note Related Party

On April 9, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (i.e., the Note).
 The Note is non-interest bearing and is payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2021, or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed approximately 121,000 under the Note. The Company fully repaid this balance
 on September 8, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were no amounts outstanding on the Note and it is no longer available to the Company.

72 

Table of Contents 

Related Party Loans

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the Company s Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s officers and directors may, but are not
 obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The Notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without
 interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of notes may be converted upon consummation of a business combination into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
 In the event that a business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working
 Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022, there was no written agreement in place for the Working Capital Loans.

The Sponsor paid expenses on behalf of the Company prior to the Initial Public Offering in an amount of approximately 121,000
 (as borrowed under the Note, as described in the Final Prospectus under Promissory Note Related Party ). The Company repaid the amount due to Sponsor on September 8, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount due to Sponsor was
 231,405.

Administrative Services Agreement

Commencing on the date the Company s securities were first listed, the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services
 provided to the members of the Company s management team. Upon completion of the initial business combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The Company recognized approximately 120,000 in
 connection with such services for the twelve-month period ending December 31, 2022, in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statement of operations, and which remains included in accrued expenses in the balance sheet.

Director independence

Nasdaq listing rules require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our Initial Public Offering. An independent director is defined generally as a person
 other than an officer or employee of the Company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the Company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
 in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.

We have three independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing rules and applicable SEC rules. Our board has determined that each of Muneer Satter, William Ulrich and Richard Spencer is
 an independent director under applicable SEC and Nasdaq listing rules. We expect a majority of our board of directors to be comprised of independent directors within 12 months from the date of listing to comply with the majority independent
 board requirement of Rule 5605(b) of the Nasdaq listing rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.

73 

Table of Contents 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

Fees for professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm since inception include:

For the Year 

 Ended 

 December 31, 

 2022

For the period from

 April 1, 2021

 (inception) through

 December 31, 2021

Audit Fees(1)

102,440

138,835

Audit-Related Fees(2)

-

Tax Fees(3)

-

All Other Fees(4)

-

Total Fees

102,440

138,835

(1) 

Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered
 public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings.

(2) 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and
 are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards.

(3) 

Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice.

(4) 

All Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services.

Policy on Board Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
 rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and
 permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior
 to the completion of the audit).

PART IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

(a) 

The following documents are filed as part of this report:

(1) 

Financial Statements 

Reference is made to the financial statements of the Company under Item 8 of Part II above.

(2) 

Financial Statement Schedule 

All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial, not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto in
 Item 8 of Part II above.

74 

Table of Contents 

(3) 

Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index.

Exhibit

 Number

Description

3.1 

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AxonPrime Infrastructure Acquisition Corporation (the Company ). (1)

3.2 

Bylaws of the Company. (2)

4.1 

Specimen Unit Certificate. (3)

4.2 

Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (3)

4.3 

Specimen Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.4). (4)

4.4 

Warrant Agreement, dated August 17, 2021, between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (4)

4.5 

Description of Capital Securities of the Company. 

10.1 

Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated April 9, 2021, issued to AxonPrime Infrastructure Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ). (3)

10.2 

Letter Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, among the Company, its officers, directors and the Sponsor. (4)

10.3 

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated August 17, 2021, between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (4)

10.4 

Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and certain securityholders. (4)

10.5 

Securities Subscription Agreement, dated April 9, 2021, between the Company and Dakin Sloss. (3)

10.6 

Securities Purchase Assignment Agreement, dated April 19, 2021, between the Company and AxonPrime Infrastructure Sponsor LLC. (3)

10.7 

Sponsor Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. (5)

10.8 

Form of Indemnity Agreement. (3)

10.9 

Administrative Services Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. (5)

10.10 

Form of Investment Agreement by and among the Company, AxonPrime Infrastructure Sponsor LLC and the institutional anchor investors. (3)

14 

Code of Ethics. (3)

21 

List of Subsidiaries 

24 

Power of Attorney (included on signature page hereof). 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Filed herewith.

Furnished herewith.

(1) 

Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Current Report on the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 20, 2021.

(2) 

Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Current Report on the Company s Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on September 27, 2021.

(3) 

Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form S-1, filed with the SEC on July 8, 2021.

(4)

Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2021.

(5)

Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 18, 2021.

75 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
 duly authorized.

AxonPrime Infrastructure Acquisition Corporation

By:

/s/ Dinakar Singh

Name:

Dinakar Singh

Title:

Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 

Date: May 2, 2023

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Dinakar Singh his
 or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report
 on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full
 power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming
 all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or his or her substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates
 indicated.

Name

Position

Date

/s/ Dinakar Singh

Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Executive Officer and Interim Principal Financial Officer)

May 2, 2023

Dinakar Singh

/s/ Richard Spencer

Director

May 2, 2023

Richard Spencer

/s/ Muneer Satter

Director

May 2, 2023

Muneer Satter

/s/ Koryn Estrada

Director

May 2, 2023

Koryn Estrada

/s/ William Ulrich

Director

May 2, 2023

William Ulrich

76 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Pages 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 

Financial Statements:

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

F-3 

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-4 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of

AxonPrime Infrastructure Acquisition Corporation

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of AxonPrime Infrastructure Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31,
 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
 States of America.

Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the
 Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by August 17, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory
 liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
 financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
 with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
 reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
 reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
 fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
 principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021.

May 2, 2023

PCAOB Number 100 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

AXONPRIME INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORPORATION

BALANCE SHEETS

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS

Current assets

Cash

Prepaid insurance

Total current assets

Investment held in Trust Account

Long-term prepaid insurance

Total Assets

LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT

Current Liabilities

Accrued expenses

Franchise tax payable 

Accounts payable

Income tax payable 

Due to related party 

Total current liabilities

Deferred underwriting fee payable

Warrant liabilities

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6)

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; shares subject to possible redemption at 
 per share at December 31, 2022 and per share at December 31, 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit

Preferred Stock - par value; shares authorized; 
 issued and outstanding

Class A Common Stock - par value; shares authorized; 
 issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption)

Class B Common Stock - par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total Stockholders Deficit

Total Liabilities, Class A Common Stock subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

AXONPRIME INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORPORATION

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

For the year ended

 December 31, 2022 

For the period from April

 1, 2021 (inception)

 through 

 December 31, 2021

Formation costs and other operating expenses

Franchise tax expense 

Loss from operations

Other Income (expense):

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Warrant offering expense 

Offering costs related to transferring founder shares to anchor investors 

Income earned on investments in Trust Account

Net income (Loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income (Loss) 

Weighted average Class A common stock outstanding, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A

Weighted average Class B common stock outstanding, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

AXONPRIME INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORPORATION

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 

DEFICIT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

Class B

 Common Stock

Additional

 Paid-in

Accumulated

Total

Stockholders 

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Deficit

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Accretion of Class A common stock to redemption amount

Net Income

Balance at December 31, 2022 

AXONPRIME INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORPORATION

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT

FOR THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 1, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021

Class B

 Common Stock

Additional

 Paid-in

 Capital

Accumulated

 Deficit

Total

 Stockholders 

 Equity

 (Deficit)

Shares

Amount

Balance at April 1, 2021 (inception)

Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor

Excess of cash received over fair value of private placement warrants

Forfeiture of Class B common stock

Accretion for Class A common stock to redemption amount

Net income

Balance at December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-5 

Table of Contents 

AXONPRIME INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORPORATION

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Year Ended 

 December 31,

 2022

For the Period

 of April 1, 2021

 (inception) 

 through

 December 31, 

 2021

Cash flow from operating activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

Income earned on investments in Trust Account

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Transaction costs allocable to derivative warrant liabilities and founder shares to anchor investors

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid insurance

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Due to related party 

Net Cash used in Operating Activities

Cash flow from investing activities:

Cash deposited in Trust Account

Net Cash used in Investing Activities

Cash flow from financing activities:

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross

Proceeds from Promissory note payable 

Repayments of Promissory note payable 

Proceeds from private warrants

Payment of offering costs

Net Cash provided by Financing Activities

Net change in cash

Cash at the beginning of the period

Cash at the end of the period

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:

Non-cash investing and financing activities:

Offering costs paid by Sponsor

Deferred underwriting commissions

Offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B common stock

Offering costs included in Due to Sponsor

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-6 

Table of Contents 

AXONPRIME INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of (see Note 3).

Units. The Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is included in the gross proceeds of .

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 
 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement Private Placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 
 (see Note 4). Substantially concurrently with the closing of the Private Placement, the Sponsor sold an aggregate of Private
 Placement Warrants to the Institutional Anchor Investors for .

F-7 

Table of Contents 

shares of Class B common Stock Founder Shares from the Sponsor at the original purchase price of per share (see Note 5). The Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the Company s Business Combination on a -for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided in the Company s final prospectus, dated August 12, 2021, as filed with the SEC on August 16,
 2021 Final Prospectus ).

, consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and 
 of other offering costs.

from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and additional proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were placed in a trust
 account (the Trust Account located in the United States and are invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ),
 with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment
 Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below.

or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined above) (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the
 signing a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an
 investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.

either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business
 Combination.

F-8 

Table of Contents 

or more of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent.

per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax
 obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to shareholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter. There will be no redemption rights upon the
 completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. These shares of Class A common stock are recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in
 accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

F-9 

Table of Contents 

months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or August 17, 2023 (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up,
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
 extinguish public stockholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
 approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations under Delaware law to provide for
 claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination
 within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that
 the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the price per Unit of .

per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the day
 of liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes
 payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor
 will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the
 Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations, and believes that the Sponsor s only
 assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure its shareholders that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third
 parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to
 have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any
 right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.

in its operating bank account and working capital deficit of . To date, the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied through a payment of from the Sponsor to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), a loan of approximately pursuant to the Note issued to the Sponsor (Note 5), and the net proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the
 Trust Account. The Company fully repaid the Note on September 8, 2021. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s officers, directors and Initial Shareholders may, but are not
 obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (see Note 5). As of December 31, 2022 there was written agreement in
 place for the Working Capital Loans.

F-10 

Table of Contents 

F-11 

Table of Contents 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively.

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could
 result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. The Company s effective tax rate was 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from April 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. The
 Company s effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 differed from the statutory rate of primarily due
 to the change in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets related primarily to the capitalization of start-up costs .

F-12 

Table of Contents 

shares of Class B common stock that were forfeited because the
 over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriter (see Note 5 and Note 8).

shares of Class A common stock in the aggregate. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did t have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result,
 diluted net income per common stock is the same as basic net income per common stock for the periods presented.

Denominator:

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per share

F-13 

Table of Contents 

F-14 

Table of Contents 

shares of Class A common
 stock subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets.

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

Class A common stock issuance costs

Add:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022

F-15 

Table of Contents 

Units at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , and incurring offering costs totaling , consisting
 of of underwriting fees, 
 of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. Each Unit consists of of the Company s Class A common stock, par value 
 per share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A common stock at an exercise price of 
 per whole share (see Note 7).

Units at the offering
 price of per Unit.

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant,
 generating total proceeds of to the Company. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the Private Placement, the
 Sponsor sold an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants to the Institutional Anchor Investors for .

, or approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for Class B common stock, par value 
 (the Founder Shares ). Subsequently, on April 19, 2021, all Founder Shares were assigned to the Sponsor. On July 6, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock for no consideration, which were cancelled resulting in an aggregate of 
 shares of Class B common stock outstanding as of such date. Also on July 6, 2021, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 
 Founder Shares to each of the Company s independent director nominees shares in total) at their original issue price.

F-16 

Table of Contents 

-day

option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to
 cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. Following the expiration of the underwriter s over-allotment option on September 26, 2021, Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor resulting in an aggregate amount outstanding of Founder Shares as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) following the completion of an initial Business Combination, the date on which the
 Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or similar transaction that results in the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the
 foregoing, if the last sale price of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share
 splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least 
 days after the Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up.

shares of Class B common stock Founder Shares to the Institutional Anchor Investors at the original purchase price of per share.

Units as part of the Initial Public Offering. These Units were sold at the public offering price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of .

to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note is non-interest bearing and is payable on the earlier
 of (i) December 31, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed approximately under
 the Note. The company fully repaid this balance on September 8, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were amounts outstanding on the Note and it is no longer available to the Company.

of notes may be converted
 upon consummation of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of per warrant. The warrants will be identical to the
 Private Placement Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be
 used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 there were outstanding amounts due
 under the Working Capital Loans.

per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to the members of the Company s management team. Upon completion
 of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The Company incurred approximately 
 and in connection with such services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and period from April 1, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, respectively, in
 formation costs and other operating expenses in the accompanying statement of operations, and which remains included in accrued expenses in the balance sheets. 

F-17 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively. 

demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect
 to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses
 incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the
 underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriter s over-allotment option was not exercised and expired on September 26, 2021. 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or ,
 in connection with the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of three and half percent of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or . The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the
 amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

F-18 

Table of Contents 

warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do
 not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company has classified each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each
 balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statements of operations.

F-19 

Table of Contents 

days after the consummation of a Business Combination or (b) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

business days, after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement registering the issuance, under the Securities
 Act, of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the
 warrants, to cause such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a
 registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the th

business day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration
 statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption.

. Once the public warrants become exercisable, the Company
 may redeem the Public Warrants for redemption: 

per Public Warrant;

days prior written notice of redemption, which the Company refers to as the -day redemption period; and

per share (as adjusted
 for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities as described below) for any trading days within a -trading day period
 ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if the Company is unable to register or
 qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.

F-20 

Table of Contents 

. Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem
 the Warrants for redemption: 

per warrant provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to
 redemption and receive that number of shares of Class A common stock determined by reference to the table set forth under Description of Securities Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants in the Final Prospectus based on the
 redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A common stock (as defined below) except as otherwise described in Description of Securities Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants 

days prior written notice of redemption;

per share (as adjusted
 for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) on the trading day prior to the date on which the Company will send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders;

-day period after written notice of redemption is given; and

per share (as
 adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and the like), the Private Placement Warrants are also concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above.

F-21 

Table of Contents 

per
 share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account
 any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of such
 initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s common stock during the 
 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the 
 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the
 Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a
 cashless basis and will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees,
 the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.

shares of preferred stock, of par value per share. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock, par value per share. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding (excluding 
 shares subject to possible redemption). 

shares of Class B common stock, par value common stock. Holders of the Company s Class B common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and December 31,2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued or outstanding. 

founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of ,
 or approximately per share. On April 19, 2021, the founder shares were assigned to the Company s sponsor for the same purchase
 price that was initially paid by one of the Company s founders.

F-22 

Table of Contents 

shares of Class B common stock for no consideration, which were cancelled resulting in an aggregate of 
 shares of Class B common stock outstanding as of such date. Of the shares of Class B common stock, an aggregate of shares were subject to forfeiture to the Company for no consideration to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment option is not
 exercised in full or in part, so that the initial stockholders collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding common
 stock after the Initial Public Offering (excluding the Private Placement Shares and assuming the initial stockholders do not purchase any Class A common stock in the Initial Public Offering). Also on July 6, 2021, the Sponsor transferred an
 aggregate of shares of Class B common stock to each of the Company s independent director nominees shares in total) at their original purchase price.

shares of Class B common Stock from the Sponsor at the original purchase price of per share. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the Company s initial business combination on a -for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided in the Final Prospectus.

founder shares were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (reflecting the forfeiture by the Sponsor of founder shares).

-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like. In the case that
 additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares
 of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or
 deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and
 equity linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination, and any private placement-equivalent
 warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock,
 subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time.

shares of Class A ordinary shares with a
 par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the
 Company s balance sheets.

F-23 

Table of Contents 

Liabilities:

Private Placement Warrants

3 

Public Warrants

1

share of Class A common stock, and one-third of one Public Warrant), and (ii) the sale of Private Placement Warrants, and first to
 the Warrants based on their fair values as determined at initial measurement, with the remaining proceeds allocated to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, Class A common stock based on their relative fair values at the
 initial measurement date. The Warrants were classified as Level 3 at the initial measurement date due to the use of unobservable inputs.

F-24 

Table of Contents 

Expected term (years)

Expected volatility

Exercise price

Stock Price

Initial measurement on August 17, 2021

Change in valuation inputs or assumptions

Transfer to Level 1 on December 31, 2021

Fair value as of December 31, 2021

Change in valuation inputs or assumptions (1) 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

F-25 

Table of Contents 

Start-up costs

Total deferred tax assets

Valuation Allowance

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance

Deferred

State and local:

Current

Deferred

Change in valuation allowance

Income tax provision

U.S. federal operating loss carryovers.

.

F-26 

Table of Contents 

Change in FMV of Warrants

- 

Valuation allowance

Income tax provision

for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the valuation allowance recorded on the Company s net operating income. The Company files income
 tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. The Company s tax returns since inception remain open to examination by the taxing authorities.

F-27 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 brhc20051478_ex4-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.5

Exhibit 4.5

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

The following summary of the material terms of the securities of AxonPrime Infrastructure Acquisition Corporation we, us, 
 our, or the Company is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities and is subject to and qualified by reference to the Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the
 Charter incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), and applicable Delaware law, including the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ). Terms used but
 not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report.

General

Pursuant to the Company s Charter, the total number of shares of all classes of capital stock, each with a par value of 0.0001 per share, which the Company is authorized to issue
 is 151,000,000, consisting of (a) 150,000,000 shares of common stock, which includes (i) 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock Class A common stock and (ii) 50,000,000 shares of Class B common stock Class B common stock, and, together
 with the Class A common stock, the common stock ), and (b) 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock Preferred Stock ).

The Company s units (as defined below), Class A common stock, and warrants (as defined below) are listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq under the symbols APMIU, APMI, 
 and APMIW, respectively.

Units

The Company units consist of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock
 at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment pursuant to the Warrant Agreement (defined below). A warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock, which means that only a whole warrant may
 be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder.

On October 4, 2021, the Class A common stock and warrants constituting the units commenced separate trading, and unit holders had the option to continue to hold units or separate
 their units into the component securities. unit holders will need to have their brokers contact the Company s transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of Class A common stock and warrants.

Common Stock

Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held by such holder on all matters to be voted on by stockholders; provided that, prior to the Company s initial
 business combination, holders of Class B common stock will have the right to elect all of the members of the Company s board of directors (the Board and remove members of the Board for any reason. These provisions of the Company s Charter may be
 amended if approved by holders of at least 90 of the outstanding common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. On any other matter submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders, holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will
 vote together as a single class, except as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or stock exchange rules.

Notwithstanding the above, unless otherwise specified in the Company s Charter or bylaws, or as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, the affirmative vote of holders of
 a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock, voting together as a single class, is required to approve any matter voted on by the Company s stockholders, and prior to our initial business combination, the affirmative vote of holders of a
 majority of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock is required to approve the election or removal of directors. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 
 of the Class B common stock voting for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. The Company s stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as, and if declared by the Board out of funds legally available therefor.

Because the Company s Charter authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if the Company were to enter into a business combination, it may
 (depending on the terms of such business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of common stock which it is authorized to issue at the same time as the Company s stockholders vote on the business combination to the extent the
 Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with its initial business combination.

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on
 Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a
 meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting.
 Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance
 with Section 211(c) of the DGCL.

We will provide holders of Class A common stock with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per
 share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the
 trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding shares of Class A common stock. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per share amount
 we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify
 itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their shares of Class B common stock
 and any shares of Class A common stock held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into certain letter agreements, which imposes the same obligations on them with
 respect to any shares of Class A common stock acquired by them. Permitted transferees of our initial stockholders, officers or directors will be subject to the same obligations. Moreover, pursuant to certain investment agreements, certain
 institutional buyers and institutional accredited investors (the Institutional Anchor Investors agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account (including applicable redemption
 rights), or any other asset of our company as a result of any liquidation of our company, with respect to any founder shares held by them. However, if the Institutional Anchor Investors then hold any shares of Class A common stock, they will be
 entitled to redemption rights with respect to such shares of Class A common stock in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.

Unlike some other blank check companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related
 redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, if a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rules
 and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our Charter, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender offer
 documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our Charter requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the
 redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons,
 we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business
 combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding common
 stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their
 affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this prospectus), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of the holders of Class A common stock vote, or indicate their intention
 to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We
 intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting
 thresholds, and the voting agreements of our sponsor, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender
 offer rules, our Charter provides that a holder of Class A common stock, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the
 Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares of Class A common stock sold in our initial public offering (the Excess Shares ), without our prior consent. However, we would
 not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability
 to complete our initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with
 respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open
 market transactions, potentially at a loss.

If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their shares of Class B common stock (the founder
 shares and any shares of Class A common stock held by them in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally, each holder of Class A common stock (other than our initial stockholders) may elect to redeem its shares of Class A common
 stock irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction (subject to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph).

Pursuant to our Charter, if we have not completed our initial business combination by August 17, 2023, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as
 promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the shares of Class A common stock, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
 interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding shares of Class A common stock, which
 redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
 approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and
 directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination
 by August 17, 2023 or during any extended time that we have to consummate an initial business combination beyond August 17, 2023 as a result of a stockholder vote to amend our Charter Extension Period ). Pursuant to the investment agreements, the
 institutional anchor investors will agree to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account (including rights to any such liquidating distributions), or any other asset of our company as a result
 of any liquidation of our company, with respect to any founder shares held by them. However, if our initial stockholders or the institutional anchor investors then hold any shares of Class A common stock, they will be entitled to liquidating
 distributions from the trust account with respect to such shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time frame to complete an initial business combination.

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company after a business combination, the Company s stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets
 remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There
 are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on
 deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein.

Founder Shares

The founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as holders of Class A common stock, except
 that: (1) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors and holders of a majority of the outstanding founder shares may remove members of our Board for any reason;
 (2) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed: to (a) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any shares of Class A common stock held by them
 in connection with the completion of our initial business combination; (b) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our
 Charter (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemptions in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated our initial business combination by August
 17, 2023, or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (c) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares
 they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 or during any Extension Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any shares of Class A common
 stock they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (3) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (4) the founder shares are
 automatically convertible into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described in more detail below; and (5) the
 founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to
 the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founder shares and any shares of Class A common stock held by them in favor of our initial business combination.

In addition, the Institutional Anchor Investors have agreed, pursuant to investment agreements, to (1) vote any founder shares held by them in favor of our initial business
 combination, (2) subject any founder held by them to substantially the same transfer restrictions as the founder shares held by our sponsor, officers, and directors, and (3) waive any right, title, interest, or claim of any kind in or to any monies
 held in the trust account (including applicable redemption rights or rights to liquidating distributions), or any other asset of the Company as a result of any liquidation of the Company, with respect to any founder shares held by them.

The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to
 increase in respect of the issuance of certain securities, as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amount issued in our initial public
 offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, including pursuant to a specified future issuance, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless
 the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance, including a specified future issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common
 stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the aggregate number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of our initial public offering,
 plus the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination (net of the number of shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection with
 our initial business combination), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or
 any of our officers or directors.

With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with
 our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported
 sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange
 their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property.

Preferred Stock

Our Charter authorizes the issuance of up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, which may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our Board is authorized to fix the
 voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each such series. Our Board will be
 able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of common stock and which could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our
 Board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof.
 Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future.

Warrants

Public Warrants

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment as discussed below,
 at any time commencing on the later of August 17, 2022 and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A
 common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants currently trade. The warrants will expire five years after
 the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a
 registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to
 those shares of Class A common stock is available, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any
 shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available.
 In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire
 worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase
 price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit.

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially
 reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement registering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to
 cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants
 in accordance with the provisions of the Warrant Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a
 covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in
 the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is
 not available.

Private Placement Warrants

The private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30
 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor) and they will not be redeemable under certain redemption
 scenarios by us so long as they are held by our sponsor, any Institutional Anchor Investor or their permitted transferees. Our sponsor and any applicable Institutional Anchor Investor, or their permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the
 private placement warrants on a cashless basis and our sponsor, any applicable Institutional Anchor Investor, and their permitted transferees will also have certain registration rights related to the private placement warrants (including the shares
 of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants), as described below. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the public warrants. If the private placement
 warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor, any applicable Institutional Anchor Investor or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on
 the same basis as the public warrants.

If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number
 of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the
 exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the
 notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor, any applicable Institutional Anchor Investor and their
 permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly
 limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade
 in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the shares of Class A common stock received upon such exercise freely in the open
 market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate.

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or
 certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the
 option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants issued to our sponsor.

Redemption of Warrants

Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants) for redemption:

in whole and not in part;

at a price of 0.01 per warrant;

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for
 certain issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities as described herein) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption
 to the warrant holders.

If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all
 applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants.

We have established the 18.00 per share (as adjusted) redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium
 to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of
 the Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is
 issued.

Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants:

in whole and not in part;

at a price of 0.10 per warrant, provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption and receive that number of shares of Class A common stock determined by reference to the table
 below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock (as defined below) except as otherwise described below;

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption;

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, reclassifications, recapitalizations
 and the like) on the trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and

if, and only if, there is an effective registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating thereto available
 throughout the 30-day period after written notice of redemption is given; and

if, and only if, the last reported
 sale price of our Class A common stock is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), the private placement warrants are also concurrently called for
 redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above.

The numbers in the table below represent the number of shares of Class A common stock that a warrant holder will receive upon cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us
 pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A common stock on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant),
 determined based on the average of the last reported sales price for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the
 corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below.

Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, references above to Class A common stock shall include a security other than Class A common stock into which the Class A common stock has been
 converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon
 exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination.

The stock prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted as
 set forth in the first three paragraphs under the heading -Anti-dilution Adjustments below. The adjusted stock prices in the column headings will equal the stock prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator
 of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the
 table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant.

Redemption Date (period

 to expiration of warrants)

10.00

11.00

12.00

13.00

14.00

15.00

16.00

17.00

18.00

60 months

0.261

0.281

0.297

0.311

0.324

0.337

0.348

0.358

0.361

57 months

0.257

0.277

0.294

0.310

0.324

0.337

0.348

0.358

0.361

54 months

0.252

0.272

0.291

0.307

0.322

0.335

0.347

0.357

0.361

51 months

0.246

0.268

0.287

0.304

0.320

0.333

0.346

0.357

0.361

48 months

0.241

0.263

0.283

0.301

0.317

0.332

0.344

0.356

0.361

45 months

0.235

0.258

0.279

0.298

0.315

0.330

0.343

0.356

0.361

42 months

0.228

0.252

0.274

0.294

0.312

0.328

0.342

0.355

0.361

39 months

0.221

0.246

0.269

0.290

0.309

0.325

0.340

0.354

0.361

36 months

0.213

0.239

0.263

0.285

0.305

0.323

0.339

0.353

0.361

33 months

0.205

0.232

0.257

0.280

0.301

0.320

0.337

0.352

0.361

30 months

0.196

0.224

0.250

0.274

0.297

0.316

0.335

0.351

0.361

27 months

0.185

0.214

0.242

0.268

0.291

0.313

0.332

0.350

0.361

24 months

0.173

0.204

0.233

0.260

0.285

0.308

0.329

0.348

0.361

21 months

0.161

0.193

0.223

0.252

0.279

0.304

0.326

0.347

0.361

18 months

0.146

0.179

0.211

0.242

0.271

0.298

0.322

0.345

0.361

The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption
 date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and
 lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the average last reported sale price of our Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on
 the third trading date prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with
 this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 shares of Class A common stock for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the average last
 reported sale price of our Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading date prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38
 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 shares of Class A common stock for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in
 connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant. Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis
 in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any shares of Class A common stock.

This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash
 (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A common stock exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants (other than
 the private placement warrants) to be redeemed when the Class A common stock is trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A common stock is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have
 established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A
 common stock equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a
 fixed volatility input. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and
 would have been exercised or redeemed and we will be required to pay the redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it
 is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders.

As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A common stock is trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will
 provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares of Class A common stock. If we choose
 to redeem the warrants when the Class A common stock is trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer shares of Class A common stock than they would have received if they had
 chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A common stock if and when such Class A common stock trades at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50 per share.

No fractional shares of Class A common stock will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round
 down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the
 Warrant Agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security.

Redemption procedures and cashless exercise

If we call the warrants for redemption as described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00, our management
 will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider,
 among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our
 management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the
 product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The fair
 market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our
 management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in
 such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash
 from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, our sponsor, any applicable institutional anchor investor, and their
 permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders
 been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below.

A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent
 that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class
 A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise.

Anti-Dilution Adjustments

If the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of shares of Class A common
 stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the
 outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of
 shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (1) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or
 exercisable for Class A common stock) multiplied by (2) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (1) if the rights offering is
 for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount
 payable upon exercise or conversion and (2) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A common stock as reported during the ten trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of
 Class A common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights.

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A
 common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption
 rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our Charter (i) to
 modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemptions in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Class A common stock if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 or
 (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our shares of Class A common stock upon our failure to complete our initial business
 combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common
 stock in respect of such event.

If the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Class A common
 stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be
 decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock.

Whenever the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by
 multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such
 adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter.

In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial
 business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our Board and, in the case of any such issuance
 to our founders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our founders or their affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the newly issued price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances
 represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume
 weighted average trading price of our Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per
 share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the newly issued price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption
 of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the newly issued price.

In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such
 shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification
 or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with
 which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our Class A common stock immediately
 theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or
 consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to
 exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will
 be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by
 such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the Company in connection with redemption rights held by stockholders of the Company as provided for in the Company s Charter or as a result of the redemption of shares of
 Class A common stock by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the stockholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together
 with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13 d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any
 members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock, the holder of a warrant will
 be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a stockholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or
 exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A common stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustments (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as
 nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the Warrant Agreement. Additionally, if less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of common
 equity in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over- the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered
 holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the Warrant Agreement based on the per share consideration minus
 Black-Scholes warrant Value (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) of the warrant.

The warrants were issued in registered form under a Warrant Agreement between Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as warrant agent, and the Company (the Warrant Agreement ), which
 provides that (a) the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the Warrant Agreement to the description of the
 terms of the warrants and the Warrant Agreement set forth in this prospectus, or defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the Warrant Agreement as the parties to the Warrant
 Agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of at least 50 of
 the then outstanding public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or working capital warrants or any provision of the Warrant Agreement with respect to the private placement warrants or
 working capital warrants, at least 50 of the then outstanding private placement warrants or working capital warrants, respectively.

The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A
 common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by holders of Class A common stock.

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of
 cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
 to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our Board at such time. In addition, our Board is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur
 any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent

The transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. We have agreed to indemnify Computershare Trust Company, N.A. in its
 roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted
 for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity.

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

Our Charter contains certain requirements and restrictions that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of
 the holders of at least 65 of our common stock who attend and vote in a stockholder meeting. Our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our common stock, may participate in any vote to amend
 our Charter and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Unless specified in our Charter or bylaws, or as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of our
 common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders, and, prior to our initial business combination, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock is
 required to approve the election or removal of directors. Specifically, our Charter provides, among other things, that:

if we have not completed our initial business combination by August 17, 2023, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10
 business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
 previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as
 stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board, dissolve and
 liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law;

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote as a class with our
 shares of Class A common stock (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our Charter to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond August 17, 2023 or (y) amend the foregoing
 provisions;

although we do not currently intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event
 we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that such a
 business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view;

if a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rules and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to
 redeem our Class A common stock pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same
 financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act;

our initial business combination must occur with one or more operating businesses or assets that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (net of
 amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination;

if our stockholders approve an amendment to our Charter (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemptions in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our
 shares of Class A common stock if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will
 provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon such approval at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
 account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding shares of Class A common stock; and

we will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.

In addition, our Charter provides that we will only redeem our shares of Class A common stock so long as (after such redemptions) our net tangible assets will be at least
 5,000,001, (a) in the case of our initial business combination, either prior to or upon consummation of such initial business combination, or (b) in the case of an amendment to our Charter (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
 allow redemptions in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our shares of Class A common stock if we have not consummated our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 or (ii) with respect to any other provision
 relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, upon such amendment (in each case so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules).

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and Our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from
 engaging in a business combination with:

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder.

A business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if:

our Board approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction;

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction
 commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our Board and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least
 two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder.

Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval (including a specified future issuance) and could be
 utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render
 more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.

Our Charter provides that prior to our initial business combination, holders of our Class B common stock will have the right to elect all of our directors and may remove members of
 our board of directors for any reason.

Exclusive Forum for Certain Lawsuits

Our Charter provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent
 permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of the
 Company to the Company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against the Company or any director, officer or employee of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the
 DGCL or our Charter or bylaws, or (4) action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer or employee of the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine except for, as to each of (1) through (4) above, any claim (A) as to which the
 Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following
 such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery and the U.S. federal district court for the District of Delaware does not have
 subject matter jurisdiction, as to which the Court of Chancery and the U.S. federal district court for the District of Delaware shall concurrently be the sole and exclusive forums.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, our Charter provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act
 or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the united States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or
 liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Additionally, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint
 asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act against us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or agents. Section 22 of the Securities Act, however, created concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all
 suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulation thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of
 forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. While the Delaware courts have determined that such exclusive forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim
 in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing
 increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Furthermore, the enforceability of choice of forum
 provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable.

Special Meeting of Stockholders

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our Board, by our chief executive officer or by our chairman, if any.

Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations

Our bylaws provide for advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or
 at the direction of our Board or a committee of our Board. In order for any matter to be properly brought before a meeting, a stockholder will have to comply with advance notice requirements and provide us with certain information. Generally, to
 be timely, a stockholder s notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the immediately

Action by Written Consent

Any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be
 taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action to be so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be
 necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted, and shall be delivered to the Company by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of
 business, or an officer or agent of the Company having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded.

</EX-4.5>

<EX-21>
 3
 brhc20051478_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21

List of Subsidiaries

None

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 brhc20051478_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a)

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Dinakar Singh, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AxonPrime Infrastructure Acquisition Corporation;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant
 and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
 its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to
 provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
 the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the
 case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: May 2, 2023

By:

/s/ Dinakar Singh

Dinakar Singh

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 brhc20051478_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION OF INTERIM CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a)

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Dinakar Singh, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AxonPrime Infrastructure Acquisition Corporation;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
 registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
 its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to
 provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
 the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the
 case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: May 2, 2023

By:

/s/ Dinakar Singh

Dinakar Singh

Interim Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 brhc20051478_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of AxonPrime Infrastructure Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Dinakar Singh, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.

Date: May 2, 2023

By:

/s/ Dinakar Singh

Dinakar Singh

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 brhc20051478_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION OF INTERIM CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of AxonPrime Infrastructure Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Dinakar Singh, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.

Date: May 2, 2023

By:

/s/ Dinakar Singh

Dinakar Singh

Interim Chief Financial Officer (Interim Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 apmiu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 apmiu-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 apmiu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 apmiu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 apmiu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

