<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1326706_0001493152-23-012570.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7022432</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>411537</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1363355</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2222118</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1392714</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1468464</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012570.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417165452
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012570
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NanoVibronix, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001326706
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36445
		FILM NUMBER:		23824551

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		525 EXECUTIVE BLVD
		CITY:			ELMSFORD
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10523
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(914) 233-3004

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		525 EXECUTIVE BLVD
		CITY:			ELMSFORD
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10523

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nano Vibronix, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111206

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nano Vibronix Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050510

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012570.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

. , 

(Address of principal executive
 office) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, was approximately . 

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock as of April 17, 2023 was shares. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements; Risk Factor Summary 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, which include information relating to future events, future
financial performance, financial projections, strategies, expectations, competitive environment and regulation. Words such as may, 
 should, could, would, predicts, potential, continue, 
 expects, anticipates, future, intends, plans, believes, 
 estimates, and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and may not be accurate indications of when such performance
or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information we have when those statements are made or management s
good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to a number of risks, and uncertainties and assumptions
that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements.
These risks are more fully described in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following is a
summary of such risks: 

Our history of losses and
 expectation of continued losses. 

Global economic and political
 instability and conflicts, such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, could adversely affect our business, financial condition
 or results of operations 

Increasing inflation could
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

The geographic, social
 and economic impact of COVID-19 on the Company s business operations. 

Our ability to raise funding
 for, and the timing of, clinical studies and eventual U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA approval of our product
 candidates. 

Regulatory actions that
 could adversely affect the price of or demand for our approved products. 

Market acceptance of existing
 and new products. 

Favorable or unfavorable
 decisions about our products from government regulators, insurance companies or other third-party payers. 

Risks of product liability
 claims and the availability of insurance. 

Our ability to successfully
 develop and commercialize our products. 

Our ability to generate
 internal growth. 

Risks related to computer
 system failures and cyber-attacks. 

Our ability to obtain regulatory
 approval in foreign jurisdictions. 

Uncertainty regarding the
 success of our clinical trials for our products in development. 

Risks related to our operations
 in Israel, including political, economic and military instability. 

The price of our securities
 is volatile with limited trading volume 

Our ability to comply with
 the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq capital market. 

Our ability to maintain
 effective internal control over financial reporting and to remedy identified material weaknesses. 

We are a smaller
 reporting company and have reduced disclosure obligations that may make our stock less attractive to investors. 

Our intellectual property
 portfolio and our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. 

Our ability to recruit
 and retain qualified regulatory and research and development personnel. 

Unforeseen changes in healthcare
 reimbursement for any of our approved products. 

The adoption of health
 policy changes and health care reform. 

Lack of financial resources
 to adequately support our operations. 

Difficulties in maintaining
 commercial scale manufacturing capacity and capability. 

Changes in our relationship
 with key collaborators. 

Changes in the market valuation
 or earnings of our competitors or companies viewed as similar to us. 

Our failure to comply with
 regulatory guidelines. 

1 

Uncertainty in industry
 demand and patient wellness behavior. 

General economic conditions
 and market conditions in the medical device industry. 

Future sales of large blocks
 of our common stock, which may adversely impact our stock price. 

Depth of the trading market
 in our common stock. 

The
foregoing does not represent an exhaustive list of matters that may be covered by the forward-looking statements contained herein or
risk factors that we are faced with that may cause our actual results to differ from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements.
Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional risks which could adversely impact our business and financial performance.
Moreover, new risks regularly emerge, and it is not possible for us to predict or articulate all risks we face, nor can we assess the
impact of all risks on our business or the extent to which any risk, or combination of risks, may cause actual results to differ from
those contained in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K are based on information
available to us on the date hereof. Except to the extent required by applicable laws or rules, we undertake no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Unless
the context otherwise indicates or requires, the terms we, our, us, NanoVibronix, 
and the Company, as used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, refer to NanoVibronix, Inc. and its subsidiaries as a combined
entity, except where otherwise stated or where it is clear that the terms mean only NanoVibronix, Inc. exclusive of its subsidiaries. 

Overview 

We
were organized as a Delaware corporation in October 2003. Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, NanoVibronix Ltd., a private company incorporated
under the laws of the State of Israel, we focus on noninvasive biological response-activating devices that target biofilm prevention,
pain therapy, and wound healing and can be administered at home, without the assistance of medical professionals. Our primary products,
which are in various stages of clinical and market development, currently consist of: 

UroShield , an ultrasound-based
 product that is designed to prevent bacterial colonization and biofilm in urinary catheters, increase antibiotic efficacy and decrease
 pain and discomfort associated with urinary catheter use, which has been marketed in the U.S. under FDA s policy of enforcement
discretion during the COVID-19 pandemic and is currently undergoing clinical testing that will, hopefully, support 510(k) clearance; 

PainShield , a patch-based
 therapeutic ultrasound technology to treat pain, muscle spasm and joint contractures by delivering a localized ultrasound effect
 to treat pain and induce soft tissue healing in a targeted area. Our PainShield family of products include: 

PainShield MD, a
 single patch-based therapeutic ultrasound technology to treat pain, muscle spasm and joint contractures by delivering a localized
 ultrasound effect to treat pain and induce soft tissue healing in a targeted area. 

PainShield Plus,
 a dual patch-based therapeutic ultrasound technology to treat pain, muscle spasm and joint contractures by delivering a localized
 ultrasound effect to treat pain and induce soft tissue healing in a targeted area. Similar to PainShield MD, it has a dual ultrasound
 delivery; and, 

WoundShield , a patch-based therapeutic ultrasound
 device intended to facilitate tissue regeneration and wound healing by using ultrasound to increase local capillary perfusion and
 tissue oxygenation. 

Each
of our UroShield, PainShield, and WoundShield products employs a small, disposable transducer that transmits low frequency, low intensity
ultrasound acoustic waves that seek to repair and regenerate tissue, musculoskeletal and vascular structures, and decrease biofilm formation
on urinary catheters and associated urinary tract infections. Through their size, effectiveness and ease of use, these products are intended
to eliminate the need for technicians and medical personnel to manually administer ultrasound treatment through large transducers, thereby
promoting patient independence and enabling more cost-effective home-based care. 

2 

PainShield ,
MD is currently cleared for marketing in the United States by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ). In
September 2020, the FDA exercised its Enforcement Discretion to allow distribution of the UroShield device in the U.S. during the
COVID-19 health emergency. While the permitted use is currently temporary, it does permit the import of the UroShield to the U.S.
during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Our understanding is that this permitted use will be terminated six months after the health
emergency is officially ended. All three of our products have CE Mark approval in the European Union, and a certificate allowing us
to sell PainShield and UroShield in Israel. We are able to sell PainShield and UroShield in India and Ecuador based on our CE Mark.
We have consummated sales of PainShield and UroShield in the relevant markets, and we saw sales increase in 2021, but decline
slightly in 2022. WoundShield has not generated significant revenue to date. Outside of the United States we generally apply,
through our distributor, for approval in a particular country for a particular product only when we have a distributor in place with
respect to such product. 

In
the United States, PainShield and UroShield require a prescription from a licensed healthcare practitioner. If FDA clearance is obtained,
we anticipate that WoundShield will require a prescription from a licensed healthcare practitioner in the United States. As stated previously,
UroShield has been approved through the FDA under Enforcement Discretion for the duration of the Covid-19 health emergency and is intended
to be sold directly to health care facilities and individuals. Individuals will require a prescription but healthcare facilities will
deploy based upon clinical need. However, in other countries in which we sell PainShield, UroShield, and WoundShield, such products are
eligible for sale without a prescription. 

In
addition to the need to obtain regulatory approvals, we anticipate that sales volumes and prices of our UroShield and PainShield, products
will depend in large part on the availability of insurance coverage and reimbursement from third party payers. Third party payers include
governmental programs such as Medicare and Medicaid in the United States, private insurance plans and workers compensation plans.
We do not currently have reimbursement codes for use of WoundShield in any of the markets in which we have regulatory authority to sell
WoundShield. Of the markets in which we have regulatory authority to sell PainShield, prior to January 2020, we only had reimbursement
codes in the United States (i.e., CPT codes) for clinical use only. Effective as of January 2020, the U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services CMS approved our PainShield for reimbursement for Medicare beneficiaries on a national basis. However,
the company continues to work toward a reimbursement value from CMS. We are working with qualified legal representation toward that goal.
The company was denied reimbursement in September 2022 due to a lack of life-cycle testing. The company has engaged Carmel
Labs in Israel to conduct this testing. We are approximately 85 of the way through this testing, with all devices working properly.
In January 2023, we submitted another application to CMS with life-cycle testing pending. Along with our application, we
submitted an interim report which was positive in nature. The latest CMS application will include both PainShield and UroShield products
and supplies. With respect to UroShield, which may be used in a clinical and home setting, we do not currently have reimbursement codes
in any of the markets in which we have regulatory authority to sell UroShield. We are seeking reimbursement codes for use of our products
in the markets in which we have regulatory authority, including the United States, to sell such products. Our current ongoing research
and planned research may facilitate our ability to obtain reimbursement codes and there is no guarantee that we will be successful in
obtaining such codes quickly, or at all. We have engaged a reimbursement expert, the law firm of Brown and Fortunato as regulatory counsel,
to help facilitate our applications, potentially leading to reimbursement. 

We
have completed seven separate clinical studies with UroShield that together evaluated approximately 220 patients with urinary catheters.
In patients where the UroShield product was used there were no serious adverse events reported, while a variety of clinical beneficial
observations were seen including: catheter biofilm reduction, reduction in catheter associated pain, reduction in urinary tract infections,
and a significant decrease in bacteriuria rates. We completed a double blind clinical trial for UroShield in the United States in October
2018. The results of the study, entitled The Effect of Surface Acoustic Waves on Bacterial Load and Preventing Catheter-Associated
Urinary Tract Infections (CAUTI) in Long Term Indwelling Catheters, were published in the December 2018 issue of Medical 
Surgical Urology, a peer-reviewed journal in the field of urology. In the study, 55 patients in skilled nursing facilities treated with
long term indwelling catheters were evaluated. There was a significant difference between the treated group and the placebo group in
the number of colony forming units CFU present upon evaluation, as well as on the number of treated urinary tract infections UTI ), and the effect lasted beyond the time of active treatment. The study concluded that the UroShield device
was shown to be effective in significantly reducing the number of CFUs in patients with indwelling catheters. The study also concluded
that the UroShield device was shown to be effective in reducing the number of treated UTIs in this patient population, and surface
acoustic waves in the form of the UroShield device is an effective tool in the prevention of catheter-associated UTI and while
further evaluation is encouraged, can be safely utilized with a high likelihood of success. In July 2017, we engaged Idonea Solutions,
Inc., an FDA consultant, to assist in our efforts to obtain clearance under the FDA s Enforcement Discretion, and obtain 510(k)
clearance which is still ongoing. If we are successful, we intend to pursue obtaining reimbursement codes and to target completion of
partnerships with leading catheter product companies and distributors for sales and marketing efforts in the United States. The Company
has entered into recent distribution partnerships for UroShield in the U.K., Australia, and Malta. 

3 

We
have one clinical study recently completed for our product UroShield. We announced positive interim results from an independent, real
world patient study of UroShield at Southampton University Health Sciences in December 2021. The independent study, which was launched
in the first half of 2021, was devised to evaluate how UroShield helps to reduce infection by preventing bacteria colonization and the
buildup of biofilms on long-term indwelling urinary catheters in real world patients and to better understand the patient benefits and
experiences of using UroShield. The study consists of both laboratory and patient studies and is nearing completion. At the conclusion
of the study, Southern Health reported a significant reduction in catheter blockage and a positive effect on the microbiome. Full results
of the study are expected to be published in 2023. 

In
addition, we continue to expand our clinical development and marketing efforts in North America with respect to PainShield. In February
2018, we completed a clinical trial to evaluate the effect of PainShield in patients with trigeminal neuralgia. The double blinded, crossover
trial was conducted across the United States and included 59 patients with a diagnosis of unilateral trigeminal neuralgia. Among the
59 patients, 30 were in the active treatment group and 29 were in the control group. The values which were assessed included the Visual Analog
Scale VAS pain score, both baseline prior to trial and VAS pain score at the end of the study. The study also assessed
breakthrough medications per week at the start of the trial and breakthrough medications per week at the end of the trial, with a particular
focus on the use of opioids. Breakthrough medications are used for chronic pain directly related to the pre-existing trigeminal neuralgia
condition. There was a significant difference in the outcomes of the two groups relative to pain, quality of life, and breakthrough medications
taken, which was directly correlated to pain experienced during treatment. Specifically, the control group saw an improvement in baseline
scores of 2.3 versus the treatment group, which saw a 55.2 improvement in baseline scores. Additionally, the control group saw a reduction
in breakthrough pain medication of 1.5 versus the treatment group, which saw a 46.4 reduction in breakthrough pain medication. 

We
are currently in advanced negotiations with a major teaching medical university to conduct a study on UroShield, which is intended
to satisfy the FDA requirements for traditional 510k clearance. We expect that study to commence in either the third or
fourth quarter of 2023. 

In
2019, the Company completed a study which was intended to assess the PainShield s ability to effectively treat Lateral Epicondylitis
(Tennis Elbow). This was a double blinded, randomized control trial. The study has been completed and we are contemplating submission
to an appropriate journal. The interim results were reported as follows: 

91 of the patients in the
 PainShield treatment group had complete or partial resolution of symptoms. Patients used PainShield in conjunction with over-the-counter
 medication, as needed, but without the benefit of opioid-based prescription medication. 

We
believe r esults of the Birmingham study could further
reinforce that PainShield is safe, easy-to-use and highly effective in treating soft tissue pain. Patients in the study who wore our
device reported marked reduction in pain and when combined with over-the-counter, anti-inflammatory medications, those same patients
reported a complete resolution of symptoms within 10 days. 

Dr.
David Lemak, MD, Lead Investigator of the Birmingham Study, added, Patient outcomes were markedly improved with the use of PainShield
and importantly, no patients returned with signs or symptoms of an exacerbation. Most encouraging are the results we were able to achieve
for our patients without the use of prescription opioid medications, which can often lead to prolonged use and addiction. 

WoundShield
has been evaluated in two published clinical studies done to-date that suggest improved localized blood flow and oxygenation, and improved
topical oxygen saturation (Morykwas M, Oxygen Therapy with Surface Acoustic Waveform Sonication, European Wound Management
Association 2011; Covington S, Ultrasound-Mediated Oxygen Delivery to Lower Extremity Wounds, Wounds 2012; 24(8)). We supplied
devices for these studies but had no further involvement with them. 

4 

Recent
Developments 

On
March 21, 2023 we announced that we filed a new provisional patent application with the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO entitled Multiple Frequency Surface Acoustic Waves for Internal Medical Device (the Patent Application related
to its UroShield. The Patent Application covers a recently developed enhancement to the UroShield product, UroShield Ultra ,
which incorporates improvements to the Company s original UroShield. The next generation UroShield Ultra includes modified housing
that is designed to improve catheter coupling and incorporates multiple actuators that work in sequence to discourage bacterial docking
by delivering SAWs at multiple frequencies directly to indwelling catheters. 

On
March 15, 2023 we announced the positive evaluation results for our UroShield device, presented at a recent medical conference by clinicians
from the Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital RNOH ). The report concluded that our UroShield device showed a decrease in
the number of blockages and infections and an increase in catheter satisfaction in the patients studied. In addition, evaluators concluded
that the device has the potential to improve quality of life and reduce healthcare associated costs for patients with spinal cord injuries
who experience recurrent blockages or infections and who have complicated catheter issues. 

In
April 2022, we announced that UroShield was approved for sale by NHS Supply Chain through a new contract. This new contract with NHS
Supply Chain provides a dedicated end-to-end supply chain service of our UroShield for every NHS healthcare organization. UroShield will
be available to all patients who need the device with full clinical support, through the NHS supply chain. On September 23, 2022, UroShield
was approved for sale by the NHS Supply Chain through a new contract. The new contract, which is designed to provide new innovative products
for healthcare providers, begins in October 2022 and will merge with the existing Urology and Stoma framework contract in February 2024
with optional extension periods. 

PainShield
was granted a dedicated reimbursement code (K1004) by CMS in 2021, which was an initial step towards paving the way for many millions
of beneficiaries enrolled in Medicare to have access to our product. In addition, CMS expanded its reimbursement approval of the company s
PainShield product by adding the device to its Durable Medical Equipment (DME) schedule. ricing was not established at that time,
and our efforts to obtain favorable pricing resulted in a denial, pending further testing of the device s life expectancy. Testing
to gather life expectancy data began in October 2022, and we are preparing to demonstrate the life expectancy in the next few months.
We are hopeful of a positive outcome that will allow us to secure pricing and remove the barriers for distribution to beneficiaries under
Medicare. 

On
February 26, 2021, Protrade Systems, Inc. Protrade filed a Request for Arbitration (the Request with the
International Court of Arbitration (the ICA of the International Chamber of Commerce alleging the Company is in breach
of an Exclusive Distribution Agreement dated March 7, 2019 (the Agreement between Protrade and the Company. Protrade alleges,
in part, that the Company has breached the Agreement by discontinuing the manufacture of the DV0057 Painshield MD device in favor of
an updated 10-100-001 Painshield MD device. Protrade claims damages estimated at 3 million. The Company vigorously defended the claims
asserted by Protrade. 

5 

On
March 15, 2022, the arbitrator issued a final award, which, although denied all Protrade s claims, nevertheless awarded Protrade
about 1.5 million, on the grounds that the Company allegedly failed to fulfill an order for reusable hydrogel patches placed after the
Agreement was terminated. The arbitrator based her decision on the basis of testimony of Protrade s president who asserted that
a patient would use in excess of 33 reusable patches per each device, which the Company believes is a grossly inflated number. 

On
April 5, 2022, Protrade filed a Petition with the Supreme Court of New York Nassau County seeking to confirm the Award. On April 13,
2022, the Company submitted an application to the ICA seeking to correct an error in the award based on the evidence that the Company
only sold 2-3 reusable patches per device contrary to the 33 reusable patches claimed by Protrade. The same arbitrator who issued the
award, denied the application. 

On
July 22, 2022, the Company filed a cross-motion seeking to vacate the arbitration award on the grounds that the arbitrator exceeded
her authority, that the award was procured by fraud, and that the arbitrator failed to follow procedures established by New York
law. In particular, the Company averred in its motion that Protrade s witness made false statements in arbitration, and that
the arbitrator resolved a claim that was never raised by Protrade and that has no factual basis. 

On
October 3, 2022, the court issued a decision granting Protrade its petition to confirm the Award and denying the cross-motion. 

On
November 9, 2022, the Company filed a motion to re-argue and renew its cross-motion to vacate the arbitration decision based on newel
information that was not available during the initial hearing. On the same day, the Company also filed a notice of appeal with the Appellate
Division, Second Department. On March 21, 2023, the Court denied the motion to re-argue and renew. The Company intends to file a notice
of appeal with the Appellate Division, Second Department and to continue to vigorously pursue its opposition to the award in all appropriate
fora. As of December 31, 2022, the Company accrued the amount of the award to Protrade amounting to 1,846,794 with 1,500,250 as part
of General and administrative expenses and 346,544 as part of Interest expense , and the full amount included
in Other accounts payable and accrued expenses . 

Business
Model 

All
of our products consist of a reusable controller device and a disposable component, which includes a transducer, and in the case of PainShield,
a 30 day supply of adhering patches. The controllers have a life expectancy of three years, while the UroShield disposable transducer
has a life expectancy of up to a month and must be replaced to provide the intended therapy. The components are purchased by either the
distributor or end user for use in any of the intended applications. Once the controller is purchased by the end user, recurring revenue
will be realized by purchases of replacement disposables to the extent that the end user continues treatment with our product. 

Our
products are intended to be distributed directly by the company, independent distributors, and potential licensees. Distributor cost
is discounted to account for their intended margins, based upon purchase volumes and/or periodic purchase commitments, with the disposable
transducer sold and distributed in the same fashion. We currently have an established distributor network and are implementing certain
criteria within such network to ensure the appropriate assignment of a distributor or licensee. We are in the process of adding additional
distributors to our network, and continue our efforts to identify market leaders in various segments to private label both PainShield
and UroShield. 

We
also have a direct sales component, where we sell directly to consumers, in order to satisfy customer demand generated through on-line
advertising and social media. We have seen an increase in demand as a direct result of an expanded social media and on-line advertising
presence. 

Our
business plan continues to focus on these types of transactions/agreements. We continue to focus on the foundational aspects of each
respective product, including the design and performance of each, the reimbursement, regulatory status, and quality control, in order
to strengthen our position with prospective partners. 

6 

Ultrasound
Technology and Our Products 

As
noted above, our primary products are based on the use of low frequency ultrasound, which delivers energy through mechanical vibrations
in the form of sound waves. Ultrasound has long been used in physical therapy, physical medicine, rehabilitation and sports medicine. 

Our
proprietary PainShield technology consists of a small, thin (1 millimeter) transducer that is capable of transmitting ultrasonic
acoustic waves onto treatment surfaces with a radius of up to 10 centimeters beyond the transducer. This technology allows us to
treat pain by implanting our transducers into a small, portable self-adhering acoustic patch, thereby eliminating the need for
technicians and medical personnel to manually administer ultrasound therapy, which should reduce the cost of therapy. Moreover, we
believe that, based upon the body of evidence, the delivery of ultrasound through our portable devices may provide a competitive
advantage over other existing therapies marketed for similar intended use(s) (e.g., to treat pain associated with muscle, tendon,
and contractures), as our technology is positioned to directly target the affected areas of the body within the scope of the
applicable FDA clearance. 

While
there are currently a number of products on the market that treat pain through ultrasound therapy, we believe that our products may be preferable in certain instances because they are portable, without the requirement to be plugged into an outlet and they have a frequency of 100kHz (in contrast
to other devices, which have a frequency of closer to 1MHz and above), which means our products, when functioning as intended and in
accordance with applicable design specifications, should not produce excessive heat that can damage tissue. Our products can therefore
(i) be self-administered by the patient without the need to be moved about the treated area by the patient or a clinician, (ii) be applied
for a significantly longer period without the risk of tissue damage and (iii) do not require the use of gel. We
are also aware of one product, the SAM Sport family of products, which received FDA approval and has CE Mark approval, marketed
by ZetrOZ, Inc., that we understand may eliminate certain of these requirements and limitations, namely the requirement to be plugged
in, the need for movement around the treated area and the relatively short safe treatment period. However, we understand that this product
does not generate surface acoustic waves as our products do, which means that the treatment area is generally limited to that under the
transducer, that the use of transmission gel is still required, and that the transducer thickness is significantly greater than ours
(approximately 1.5cm). It is also our understanding that the FDA has issued contraindications which do not apply to the PainShield product. 

There
has been an article published in 2019 on SAM Sport4 regarding clinical evidence demonstrating that ultrasound dose timing (i.e.
daily treatment) and duration significantly impact benefits and treatment results, we are aware of a prospective randomized, double-blinded,
placebo-controlled study on the effects of the long-duration low-intensity ultrasound treatment using SAM Sport4 suggesting that
ultrasound may be used as a conservative non-pharmaceutical and non-invasive treatment option for patients with knee osteoarthritis. 

In
general, ultrasound offers the benefits by increasing local blood circulation, increasing vascular wall permeability, promoting protein
secretion, promoting enzymatic reactions, accelerating nitric oxide production, promoting angiogenesis (the formation of new blood vessels
from pre-existing vessels) and promoting fibroblast proliferation (fibroblasts are a type of cell that play a critical role in soft tissue
healing). We believe that the body of evidence, and the positive therapeutic effect that ultrasound has for various indications, potentially
provides for future product development opportunities for us. 

7 

Traditional
ultrasound device and our portable ultrasound patch-based device and a comparison of their energy distribution, where the X-axis represents
treatment surface, and the Y-axis represents ultrasound energy penetration depth within tissue. 

The
PainShield Plus was introduced in March 2022. The new product design provides the same therapy as PainShield MD, but through two transducers
which alternate in its duty cycle. This dual transducer design provides for a broader treatment are with three hours of therapy. 

In
a comparison of a traditional ultrasound device and our portable ultrasound patch-based device, the bulk wave conventional ultrasound
machines with handheld transducers distribute the energy deeply into the body, as shown above in diagram (A) on the left. In comparison,
our device distributes the energy on the surface, as shown in diagram (B), thereby meaningfully increasing the treatment area. Our transducers
may also be incorporated into treatment patches, including patches that are designed to deliver medicine and other compounds through
the skin. The generation and delivery of low frequency ultrasound over a period of time to a specific area has been termed targeted
slow-release ultrasound . We believe that this delivery method of ultrasound may be comparable to that of slow release medication
in the pharmaceutical industry. This targeted slow-release capability is intended to allow for more frequent targeting
of the intended treatment area and thus may result in a more effective therapeutic response. 

Micro
Vibrations Technology and Our Products 

In
a 2007 study, mean blood flow increase was higher in the vibration group than the placebo group. Improvements in local blood flow may
be beneficial in the therapeutic alleviation of pain or other symptoms resulting from acute or chronic injuries (C. Button et al., The
effect of multidirectional mechanical vibration on peripheral circulation of humans , University of Otago New Zealand, Clinical
Physiology and functional Imaging, 2007 27, p211-216). A study on the effect of whole body vibration on lower extremity skin blood flow
suggests, that short duration vibration alone significantly increases lower extremity skin blood flow, doubling skin blood for a minimum
of 10 minutes following treatment (Lohman et al., The effect of whole body vibration on lower extremity skin blood flow in normal
subjects , Department of Physical Therapy, Loma Linda university, USA, Med Sci Monit, 2007; 13(2) 71-76). Vibration has also been
shown to stimulate angiogenesis and growth factors such as vascular endothelial growth factor (Suhr F et al., Effects of short-term
vibration and hypoxia during high intensity cycling exercise on circulating level of angiogenic regulators in humans , J Appl Physiol,
2007, 103:474-483, Yue Z. et al., On the cardiovascular effects of whole-body vibration I. Longitudinal effects: hydrodynamic
analysis , Studies Appl Math, 2007, 119:95-109). 

8 

Relative
to soft tissue repair, it is well established that increasing blood flow to the wound and peri-wound area helps accelerate the healing
of ischemic wounds. Micro-vibrations applied on the skin tissue increase local blood flow and oxygen delivery to the wound area and stimulate
angiogenesis and growth factors that are helpful for the wound healing process. Vibration therapy has been found to stimulate blood flow
due to mechanical stresses of endothelial cells resulting in increased production of nitric oxide and vasodilation, as well as increase
soft tissue and skin circulation. (Maloney-Hinds et al., The Role of Nitric Oxide in Skin Blood Flow Increases due to vibration
in healthy adults and adults with type 2 diabetes, School of Medicine, Loma Linda University. Ca. Diabetes Technology Therapeutics,
2009 p. 39-43). In addition, micro vibrations induce skin surface nerve axon reflex and type IIa muscle fibers contraction rates, resulting
in vasodilation (Nakagami et al., Effect of vibration on skin blood flow in an in vivo microcirculatory model , The University
of Tokyo, Bio-Science Trends 2007; 1 (3): 161-166). Ten minutes of vibration therapy with laser doppler revealed a consistent increase
in water content of the upper dermis (TJ Ryan et al., The effect of mechanical forces (vibration or external compression) on the
dermal water content of the upper dermis and epidermis, assessed by high frequency ultrasound , Oxford Wound Healing Institute,
Journal of Tissue Viability, 2001. Of import with respect to diabetic wounds, in which a prolonged inflammatory phase occurs, vibration
vasodilation has generated an indirect anti-inflammatory action, mainly by suppression of nuclear factor-k , the key gene for inflammatory
mediators (Sackner, M.A., Nitric Oxide is released into circulation with whole-body, periodic acceleration , Chest 2005;127;30-39). 

Urinary
catheter usage is associated with pain and discomfort caused by the friction between the catheter surface and the urethral tissue. Generally,
this friction is treated by applying lubricating gels and low friction catheter coatings. These methods are effective for a short term
during the catheter insertion as the lubricating gel is quickly absorbed into the surrounding tissue and loses its effect and the catheter
coatings lose their lubricity within a few days, as the coating is covered by a thin film of mucous. 

Our
UroShield product provides vibrations along the surface of the urinary catheter that is in contact with urethral tissue. We believe that
these vibrations create a continuous acoustic lubrication effect along the surface of the indwelling catheter that is in contact with
the surrounding tissue, thus reducing catheter-tissue contact time, which may lessen trauma from urethra abrasion and adhesion. We have
also shown in animals and in humans that the micro-vibration technology can reduce the level of biofilm formation on urinary catheters. 

Our
Products 

Product
Design, Packaging, Identity 

All
products were redesigned in the fourth quarter 2019, with an updated look and improved performance. These new designs were coupled with
new branding, packaging, instructional manuals, and marketing materials. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2019, our manufacturing in
China, Singapore, and Israel have commenced producing the redesigned products for distribution and delivered their first completed units
in April 2020. 

UroShield 

UroShield
is intended to prevent bacterial colonization and biofilm formation, increase antibiotic efficacy in the catheter lumen and decrease
pain and discomfort associated with urinary catheter use. It is designed to be used with any type of indwelling urinary catheter regardless
of the material or coating. Use of the device is contraindicated for use while there is an active Urinary Tract Infection. We believe
that UroShield may be the first medical device on the market that attempts to simultaneously address all of the aforementioned catheter-related
issues. UroShield is similar in design to PainShield, in that it uses a driver unit that produces low frequency, low intensity ultrasound.
The driver unit connects to a disposable transducer that is clipped onto the external portion of the catheter to deliver ultrasound therapy
to all catheter surfaces as well as the tissue surrounding the catheter. 

9 

Picture
of UroShield with actuator 

Clinical
studies of the UroShield system have supported the following advantageous effects: 

Prevention or Reduction
 of Biofilm. The low frequency ultrasound generated by UroShield has been shown to decrease adherence of bacteria to catheter
 surfaces, thereby reducing biofilm. Biofilm is the complex matrix required for bacteria to grow and cause infection. See the discussion
 of our Heidelberg 1 trial below. 

Decreased Catheter Associated
 Pain and Discomfort. We believe that UroShield creates an acoustic envelope on the surfaces of the catheter, which decreases
 friction and tissue trauma, pain and discomfort caused by the catheter. In addition, in vivo (rabbit) studies have shown the tissue
 in contact with the catheter remains healthier and less traumatized as a result of the application of low frequency and low intensity
 ultrasound (Applebaum I, et.al., The Effect of Acoustic Energy Induced By UroShield on Foley Catheter Related Trauma and Inflammation
 in a Rabbit Model Department of Urology, Shaarey Zedek Medical Center and the Hadassah Hebrew University Medical School). 

Acoustically Augmented
 Antibiotic Therapy. Antibiotic resistance in biofilm bacteria is a well-known phenomenon. Although it has been known that ultrasound
 can increase antibiotic efficacy in in-vitro models, we do not believe that there has been a practical ultrasound-based medical device
 that was able to augment antibiotic efficacy in the clinical setting. In a clinical study, UroShield technology has been shown to
 eradicate biofilm-residing bacteria by greater than 85 when applied simultaneously with an antibiotic in three clinically relevant
 species, escherichia coli, staphylococcus epidermidis and pseudomonas aeruginosa (Banin E, et al., Surface acoustic waves
 increase the susceptibility of Pseudomonas aeruginosa biofilms to antibiotic treatment, Biofouling, August 2011; we supplied
 devices for this study, but had no further involvement with it). 

Preservation of the
 Patency of Catheters. We believe that low frequency ultrasound applied to catheters will add an anti-clogging effect and will
 preserve patency of catheters. This effect is achieved by ultrasound waves creating an acoustic layer on the inner lumen of the urinary
 catheter, thereby preventing adherence of biological material and biofilm formation. We believe that this anti-clogging benefit will
 help prevent local infection and sepsis secondary to catheter obstruction. 

UroShield
has undergone a number of clinical trials. The Heidelberg 1 trial, conducted in 2005-2006, which we sponsored, was a 22 patient randomized,
double blind, sham-controlled, independent trial that tested UroShield s safety and ability to prevent biofilm in patients with
an indwelling Foley catheter. The trial demonstrated that UroShield prevented biofilm in all patients with the active device as compared
to biofilm being found in seven of eleven of the control patients. In addition, there was a marked decrease in pain, discomfort and spasm
in the active UroShield patients, as evidenced by a statistically significant decrease in the requirement for the medications required
to treat urinary catheter associated pain and discomfort (Ikinger U, Biofilm Prevention by Surface Acoustic Nanowaves: A New Approach
to Urinary Tract Infections?, 25th World Congress of Endourology and SWL, Cancun, Mexico, October 2007). 

10 

In
a subsequent physician-sponsored trial, known as Heidelberg 2, conducted in 2007, 40 patients who underwent radical prostatectomies were
divided into two groups, with the active group receiving one intra-operative dose of antibiotics and UroShield and the control group
receiving one intra-operative dose of antibiotics and then five subsequent doses over three days. At the end of the trial, the control
group had four cases of bacteriuria, as compared to one in the active group. In a third trial, a physician-sponsored open label trial,
10 patients who received emergency placement of a urinary catheter due to acute obstruction were given a UroShield device and followed
with regard to their pain, discomfort, spasm and overall well-being. Within 24 hours, all patients showed improvement and increased toleration
of the catheter (Zillich S., Ikinger U, Biofilmpr vention durch akustische Nanowellen: Ein neuer Aspekt bei katheterassoziierten
Harnwegsinfektionen?, Gesellschaft f r Urologie, Heilbronn, Germany, May 2008). We supplied devices for this trial, but had
no further involvement with it. 

As
recently announced, the Company submitted to The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence, for review, the findings from an
independent evaluation of its UroShield device on patients who had used the device for up to two years. Clinical data from the study
conducted by Coventry University s Assistant Professor, Ksenija Maravic da Silva, during 2020 reported statistically significant
outcomes for the device including a reduced number of urinary tract infections (UTIs), reduced instances of prescribed antibiotics, reduced
catheter blockages, reduced the need for unplanned catheter changes and reduced pain reported as a result of catheter associated complications.
The study also provided important insights into the lives of those using the device including improvement of overall well-being, relating
specifically to decreased levels of worry and increased ability to socialize. In addition, patient feedback on product improvements was
addressed and has been incorporated in the present commercially available device. 

In
September 2022, UroShield was approved for sale by the U.K. s National Health System s (NHS) internal supply
organization, NHS Supply Chain, through a new contract. 

This
new contract with NHS Supply Chain provides dedicated end-to-end supply chain service of our UroShield for every NHS healthcare organization.
UroShield will be available to all patients who the need the device with full clinical support, through the NHS supply chain. It represents
a significant opportunity for us to expand distribution of UroShield as it will now be made available to all clinicians and their patients
through the NHS organization s own supply channel. NHS Supply Chain manages the sourcing, delivery and supply of healthcare products
and services for NHS trusts and healthcare organizations across England and Wales. The organization processes more than eight million
orders per year across 94,000 order points and 17,465 locations serving as an integral part of the national healthcare system in the
U.K. We are ramping up production to meet an increase in demand that we anticipate as a result of this exciting development. 

The
new contract, which is designed to provide new innovative products for healthcare providers, begins in October 2022 and will merge with
the existing Urology and Stoma framework contract in February 2024 with optional extension periods. 

Under
the contract, NHS Supply Chain describes UroShield as a disposable ultrasound device designed to reduce the risk of catheter-associated
urinary tract infection (CAUTI) by reducing bacterial colonization and biofilm formation on indwelling urinary catheters. This ultimately
translates into improved outcomes for patients and care provides, reduces the need for antibiotics, catheter changes and washouts and
incidence of hospital visits, thereby reducing nursing time, bed days and ambulance transfers. 

On
March 1, 2023 the Company launched its month-to-month rental program for UroShield. 

Market
for UroShield 

According
to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, urinary tract infection (UTI) is an infection involving any part of the urinary system,
including urethra, bladder, ureters, and kidney. UTIs are the most common type of healthcare-associated infection reported to the National
Healthcare Safety Network (NHSN). Among UTIs acquired in the hospital, approximately 75 are associated with a urinary catheter, which
is a tube inserted into the bladder through the urethra to drain urine. Between 15-25 of hospitalized patients receive urinary catheters
during their hospital stay. The most important risk factor for developing a catheter-acquired urinary tract infection (CAUTI) is prolonged
use of the urinary catheter. 

This
study was written up in the December 2018 issue of Medical Surgical Urology , a leading peer-reviewed journal in the
field of urology. 

Approximately
15-25 of patients who are admitted to a hospital will have an indwelling catheter at some point during their stay and 7 of nursing
home residents are managed by long term catheterization. 

CAUTI
is the most common nosocomial infection in hospitals and nursing homes, representing over 40 of all hospital-acquired infections (HAIs)
and 20 of intensive care unit HAIs (Maki, P and Tambyah, D. Engineering Out the Risk for Infection with Urinary Catheters., Emerging
Infectious Diseases., Vol. 7, No. 2, March April 2001). In addition, CAUTIs are the source for approximately 20 of healthcare
acquired bacteremia in acute care and 50 in long-term care facilities (Nicolle, Lindsay E. Catheter Associated Urinary Tract
Infections. Antimicrobial Resistance and Infection Control 3 (2014). The risk of acquiring CAUTI depends on the method and duration
of catheterization and patient susceptibility. Patients requiring a urinary catheter have a daily risk of approximately five percent
of developing bacteriuria and approximately 25 of patients develop nosocomial bacteriuria or candiduria over one week (Maki, P and Tambyah,
D. Engineering Out the Risk for Infection with Urinary Catheters., Emerging Infectious Diseases., Vol. 7, No. 2, March April 2001).
Virtually all patients requiring indwelling urinary catheters for longer than a month become bacteriuric. 

CAUTI
occurs because urethral catheters inoculate organisms into the bladder and promote colonization by providing a surface for bacterial
adhesion and causing mucosal irritation. The presence of a urinary catheter is the most important risk factor for bacteriuria. Once a
catheter is placed, the daily incidence of bacteriuria is 3-10 . Between 10 and 30 of patients who undergo short-term catheterization
(i.e., 2-4 days) develop bacteriuria and are asymptomatic. Between 90 and 100 of patients who undergo long-term catheterization develop
bacteriuria. About 80 of nosocomial UTIs are related to urethral catheterization; only 5-10 are related to genitourinary manipulation.
(John L. Brusch, Catheter-Related Urinary Tract Infection, Medscape, August 18, 2015). 

11 

The
global catheter market size was valued at USD 37.3 billion in 2018 and is expected to witness a CAGR of 9.7 through 2026. Rising prevalence
of chronic disorders leading to hospitalization has fueled the growth of this market. Presence of multi-national manufacturers, improving
medical facilities, supportive insurance policies are also some of the key factors propelling the market growth. North America is the
largest regional market due to the presence of multi-national manufacturers and sophisticated healthcare infrastructure along with high
product awareness levels. Asia Pacific is projected to expand at the maximum CAGR of 10.4 , over the study period. According to a Grandview
research report published 2018, there are 25 million Foley catheters sold annually in the United States and 75 million catheters sold
elsewhere yielding a total global Foley catheter market of 100 million units worldwide. The cost to treat a simple CAUTI has been estimated
at 13,793 per case (AHRQ), and the cost of treating bacteremia has been estimated at 8,355 (NIH) per case, yielding a total healthcare
burden of 830 million per year. While there are currently both antibiotic and silver coated catheters in the market, they often sell
for approximately 10 above the non-antimicrobial equivalent. 

In
addition, as of October 1, 2008, Medicare stopped authorizing its payment to hospitals in which patients have developed a catheter-associated
urinary tract infection that was not present on admission. This provides hospitals in the United States with a substantial financial
incentive to reduce the occurrence of such infections through the use of products such as UroShield, which help prevent infections hospitals
would otherwise have to treat without reimbursement. In addition, it has been noted that the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services
may fine hospitals in the future when their patients develop CAUTI, which will likely increase the incentive of hospitals to invest in
technologies that may prevent this complication (Brown J, et al. Never Events: Not Every Hospital-Acquired Infection Is Preventable,
Clinical Infectious Diseases, 2009, 49 (5)). 

Competition
for UroShield 

Several
types of products have been introduced to address the growing problem of catheter-acquired infection and biofilm formation on catheter
surfaces. Manufacturers offer antibiotic-coated and antiseptic-impregnated catheters. In addition, manufacturers have produced silver-coated
catheters, which have been shown in small studies to delay bacteriuria for about two to four days. However, larger studies did not corroborate
this result; on the contrary, silver hydrogel was associated with overgrowth of gram positive bacteria in the urine (Riley DK, Classen
DC, A large randomized clinical trial of a silver-impregnated urinary catheter: lack of efficacy and staphylococcal superinfection, 
Am. J. Med. 1995 April; 98(4):349-56). 

UroShield has been designed
to be added to any type of catheter, including Foley catheters and silver-coated catheters, to improve a catheter s infection prevention
performance. However, in the United States, we do not have the requisite regulatory authorization to market UroShield for such use, as
we have not yet obtained FDA clearance or approval for UroShield, and the FDA s temporary, COVID-19-related policy of Enforcement
Discretion under which we have been marketing UroShield since September 2020 expressly excludes use with a coated catheter. UroShield
is not intended to replace any existing products or technologies, but instead is intended to assist these existing products or technologies
in preventing catheter-acquired urinary injury and catheter associated complications. While UroShield was temporarily authorized for
use in the United States per FDA s Enforcement Discretion during the COVID-19 health emergency, the public health emergency has
since-been terminated, and the applicable FDA policy under which we have been marketing UroShield will similarly terminate before the
end of 2023. In particular, recent FDA guidance confirmed that its medical-device enforcement policies issued during the COVID-19 pandemic
will officially expire on November 7, 2023. The guidance outlines a three-phase plan for ensuring that any devices marketed under a specifically
listed enforcement policy will be able to be marketed lawfully after the termination of those enforcement policies. During the 180-day
period between the termination of the public health emergency and the expiration of FDA s relevant enforcement policies, manufacturers,
like us, who desire to continue marketing their respective devices must submit an appropriate premarket submission, such as a 510(k)
application or de novo reclassification request, and bring the device into compliance with applicable FDA regulations. If we do
not obtain permanent clearance from the FDA by November 7, 2023, we will have to discontinue distribution of UroShield in the United
States until the necessary FDA clearance or approval is granted. We cannot guarantee that FDA will clear or approve UroShield for continued
marketing in the United States in a timely manner or at all. 

 Regulatory
Strategy 

UroShield
received CE Mark approval in September 2007 and was also approved for sale by the Israeli Ministry of Health in 2008. We are able to
sell UroShield in India and Ecuador based on our CE Mark. UroShield was granted a Canadian medical device license in September 2016,
although, due to a modification of regulatory standards in Canada, we have lost our Canadian license. We are working toward reinstatement
of our Canadian license. To that extent, we passed an audit in or around October 2022. 

In
the European Union, UroShield has been marketed for the prevention of CAUTI and biofilm formation, decreased pain and discomfort associated
with urinary catheters and increased antibiotic efficacy. 

12 

In
September 2020, the FDA exercised its Enforcement Discretion to allow distribution of the UroShield device in the United States. According
to the FDA, UroShield device can use Intended Use Code (IUC) 081.006: Enforcement discretion per final guidance, and FDA
product code QMK (extracorporeal acoustic wave generating accessory to urological indwelling catheter for use during the COVID-19 pandemic) . 

Accordingly,
the FDA s Enforcement Discretion temporarily cleared the way for import of UroShield to the U.S. during the Covid-19 pandemic, immensely expanding
the company s addressable market for the device during this time period, which will officially end in November 2023. The device is designed to aid in the prevention of CAUTI
incidence in patients requiring long-term indwelling catheterization, defined as 14 days or greater. 

After
reviewing the body of scientific evidence that we presented, the FDA took decisive action to clear the way for patient access to UroShield
for the duration of the Covid-19 pandemic. We believe the evidence presented to the FDA on UroShield demonstrated decreases in the risk of catheter-associated
urinary tract infections and related complications in patients using UroShield who required long-term indwelling catheterization. 

We intend to seek long-term marketing
authorization from the FDA through the de novo classification process for UroShield, which is a premarket pathway intended for
devices that cannot pursue 510(k) clearance because there is no substantially equivalent predicate device but which the applicant believes
are sufficiently low-risk that they need not undergo the rigorous premarket approval pathway to be deemed safe and effective for the applicable
indications for use. We are currently seeking advice from the FDA prior to submission. We also intend to seek advice and validation of
supporting studies we intend to undertake in advance of a De Novo application. 

The
FDA has made it clear that we will need to generate more clinical study data in order to achieve) de novo reclassification. Our
intent is to conduct a community based PRO study (Patient Reported Outcomes) measuring the impact UroShield will have on prevention
of CAUTI, Prevention of Blockage, and prevention of Pain. We currently are in the early stages of putting together a team and plan
to start this process. 

Studies
completed to assess the safety of UroShield for human use: 

A
 large animal model (female sheep) study has been conducted to establish local tissue response from a urinary catheter with UroShield
 attached as compared to a control group of animals with a urinary catheter with no UroShield attached. 
 
 The
 pre-clinical animal study was intended to demonstrate safety of UroShield device when used for 30-days with a urinary catheter. The
 study compared local tissue and organ response in two groups of 4 (female) sheep where one group was catheterized (urethral) using
 an uncoated silicone Foley catheter (only) and the other group was catheterized using an uncoated silicone Foley catheter with UroShield
 device attached to it. All catheters were identical in their size, material composition and manufacturer. 
 
 After
 30 days the animals were euthanized and local tissue and organs were examined. The results showed the group with UroShield device
 had fewer observations of swelling, redness or discharge at the vulva as compared to the group without UroShield. The animals did
 not exhibit signs of discomfort or pain during study period (of 30 days). The gross and histopathology findings were also very similar
 between the two groups. 

A
 comparative study of leachables from a urinary catheter with and without UroShield attached has been performed to demonstrate that
 the leachables with UroShield attached do not exceed toxicological safe limits allowed for a medical device. 
 
 The
 chemical characterization of leachables was intended to demonstrate safety for UroShield device for 30-day use with a urinary catheter.
 The study compared leachables from a group consisting of 3 uncoated silicone catheters with leachables from a group consisting of
 3 uncoated silicone catheters with UroShield attached to it. All catheters were identical in their size, material composition and
 manufacturer. 
 
 The
 exhaustive extractions were performed with non-polar, polar and aqueous solvents. An additional simulated use extraction using Saline
 and Ethanol was performed. Overall the extractables from both groups were comparable and toxicological evaluation showed that all
 compounds from extraction with UroShield were below the tolerable exposure limits. Most of compounds had a margin of safety greater
 than 10 and 4 compounds had margin of safety between 1.5 and 10. Overall, the toxicological risk for using UroShield with a urinary
 catheter is similar and at even lower as compared to a catheter without UroShield attached. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Since
the FDA exercised its Enforcement Discretion to allow the distribution of the UroShield device in the United States, we have been actively
seeking partnerships for marketing our product in the United States. We believe the business opportunity for UroShield is in the hundreds
of millions in U.S. dollars to the extent that UroShield obtains permanent marketing authorization from the FDA, is recognized as effective
and becomes widely adopted for use on catheters, none of which can be guaranteed. To that end, we are seeking a strategic partnership with various companies which have
an existing footprint in the Urology market. Those discussions and negotiations are ongoing at this time. We have appointed
distributors for UroShield in the United Kingdom. Malta, and Australia. We recently appointed the Benion group to identify distributor
opportunities outside of the United States. 

We
announced in December 2022 that we have appointed a new distributor in the United Kingdom. The newly appointed distributor is Peak Medical. 

From
time to time we have had interest from strategic companies in the catheter market to partner, license or acquire the UroShield technology.
These strategic partners are active in the urology market and may be interested in integrating UroShield as an accessory, into its range
of products. Discussions with these partners are ongoing. There has also been interest from other companies with various invasive line
applications. 

13 

Clinical
Trials 

To
date, we have conducted the clinical trials set forth below: 

Purpose 
 
 Doctor/Location 
 
 Time, 
 subjects 
 
 Objectives 
 
 Results 
 
 To
 assess the safety of the UroShield Double Blind, Comparative, Randomized Study for the Safety Evaluation of the UroShield System
 (HD1) 

Dr. U. Ikinger, Salem Academic
 Hospital, University of Heidelberg, Germany 
 
 2005-2006 
 22
 patients 
 
 To
 demonstrate that the use of the UroShield is safe and that the device is well tolerated by the patients and user friendly to the
 medical staff. 
 Efficacy
 objectives were to demonstrate that the UroShield helps in prevention of biofilm formation in comparison with the urinary catheter
 alone, as well as bacteriuria. 
 
 UroShield
 was both safe and well tolerated. 
 UroShield
 proved efficacious in prevention of biofilm. Subjects required significantly less medications than the control group for catheter
 related pain and discomfort. 

Double
 Blind, Comparative, Randomized Study for the Safety Evaluation of the UroShield System (HD2 
 Physician
 initiated 
 
 Dr. U. Ikinger, Salem Academic
 Hospital, University of Heidelberg, Germany 
 
 2007 
 40
 patients 

To demonstrate that the
 use of the UroShield is safe and helps in prevention of biofilm formation and UTI in comparison with the urinary catheter alone,
 as well as decrease antibiotic use. 
 
 In this trial, only 1/20
 patients in UroShield device (no antibiotics) group developed urinary tract infection compared to 4/20 patients within control group
 treated with the antibiotic prophylaxis alone. 

The
 Effect of UroShield on Pain and Discomfort in Patients Released from the Emergency Room with Urinary Catheter Due to Urine Incontinence 
 Physician
 initiated 
 
 Shaare Zedek Medical Center
 Jerusalem, Israel. 
 
 2007 
 10
 patients 

The study aimed to assess
 the effectiveness of the UroShield in reducing pain and discomfort levels and improve the well-being of the subjects. Efficacy objectives
 included reduction of pain, spasm, burning and itching sensation levels of the subjects. 
 
 The results demonstrated
 a reduction in pain, itching, burning and spasm levels. Additionally, the well-being of the subjects showed a significant increase. 

The Use of the UroShield
 Device in Patients with Indwelling Urinary Catheters Open labeled, comparative, randomized study 
 
 Dr.
 Shenfeld 
 Shaare
 Zedek Medical Center Jerusalem, Israel. 

2007-2009 
 40
 patients 

Patient
 complaints related to catheter regarding pain according to VAS scale and discomfort according to 0-10 scale 
 Presence
 of Clinically Significant UTI 
 Presence
 of Bacteriuria 
 Presence
 of Biofilm 
 Use
 of medication 
 
 UroShield device was effective
 in reducing postoperative catheter related pain discomfort and bladder spasms. There was also a notable trend towards reduction of
 bacteriuria. 

14 

Purpose 
 
 Doctor/Location 
 
 Time, 
 subjects 
 
 Objectives 
 
 Results 
 
 Evaluation of the UroShield
 in urinary and nephrostomies to reduce bacteriuria Physician initiated 
 
 Prof.
 P.Tenke, 
 Hungary 

2010-2011 
 27
 patients 

Pain, disability and QOL 
 
 Catheter patency 
 
 Bacteriuria / UTI 
 
 Hospitalization period 
 
 Analgesics and Antibiotics intake 
 
 Showed reduction in pain
 and significant decrease in bacteriuria rate. 

Double Blind, Randomized
 Control Study for Prevention of Bacterial Colonization and UTI associated with Indwelling Urinary Catheters 
 
 Dr.
 Shira Markowitz 
 Buffalo,
 NY 

2017 
 55
 patients 

To demonstrate the use
 of the UroShield reduces bacterial colonization on the urinary catheter 
 
 Final results entitled
 The Effect of Surface Acoustic Waves on Bacterial Load and Preventing Catheter-Associated Urinary Tract Infections (CAUTI)
 in Long Term Indwelling Catheters, which was published in the December 2018 issue of Medical Surgical Urology, a leading
 peer-reviewed journal in the field of urology. 

Mean improvement advantage
 in treatment vs control was 87.2K CFU, (t (53) 18.1, p 

15 

Purpose 
 
 Doctor/Location 
 
 Time, 
 subjects 
 
 Objectives 
 
 Results 

After
 cessation of treatment in the active group at 30 days, there was a minimal increase in CFU count at both 60 and 90 days. In the same
 group, there was no statistical difference in the decrease of CFU count from 30 to 60 days after treatment, t (28)=1. p= .326, however
 there was a marginally significant increase in CFU from 60 to 90 days for the active group (28)=1.7 p= 0.09. 
 
 At
 baseline, every enrolled patient had been treated for infection during the 90 days prior to enrollment. Compared to baseline, the
 treatment group showed significant statistical and clinical improvement (100 at 30 days relative to the sham control (73 ). There
 were no reported infections in the Treatment Group while in the control group there were seven reported infections. 
 
 At
 90 days after treatment, the treatment group showed a significantly stronger improvement (89.7 compared to the sham control (46.2 ).
 There were three reported infection in the Treatment group, while in the control group there were fourteen reported infections requiring
 antimicrobial therapy. (logistic regression B=2.3, Wald Chi-Square (df=1) =10.1, p=0.001.) 

16 

Purpose 
 
 Doctor/Location 
 
 Time, 
 subjects 
 
 Objectives 
 
 Results 
 
 UroShield Randomized Control
 trial 
 
 5 different nursing facilities 
 
 2017
 - 2018 
 51
 subjects 
 
 51 subjects were evaluated
 with 26 in the active/treatment group and 25 in the control group. All patients had been treated for at least one incident of a catheter-acquired
 urinary tract infection (CAUTI) requiring antibiotics in the preceding 6 months prior to trial initiation. 
 
 At the 90-day evaluation,
 13 of 25 subjects (52 in the control group developed a CAUTI requiring systemic antibiotics while only 1 of 26 patients (4 in
 the UroShield group required antibiotic. All study subjects had an initial colony count of greater than 100,000 CFU cultured
 from their urinary tract. At thirty days, all subjects within the control group showed no change in the number of their bacteria
 count which was greater than 100,000 CFU, while those in the treatment group showed a reduction to 10,000 CFU in 15 of 26 subjects
 and only 1,000 CFU in 10 of 26 subjects, proving a decrease in both bacterial colonization and the incidence of Urinary Tract Infection. 

17 

Recently
Completed, Current, Ongoing and Planned Clinical Trial 

If
we are able to locate a strategic partner or otherwise obtain sufficient funding, we anticipate conducting the following clinical trial: 

Trial 
 
 Place 
 
 Start
 Date/Timing 
 
 Objectives 
 
 UroShield FDA Administration
 trial ~300 patient trial 
 
 To be determined 
 
 To
 be determined 
 Intended
 to begin in 2023 
 
 Safety
 and efficacy of UroShield in urinary catheter related pain and infection and biofilm formation. 
 
 The
 results of previous clinical trials may not be predictive of future results, and the results of our planned clinical trial, if we
 are able to locate a strategic partner or otherwise obtain sufficient funding, may not satisfy the requirements of the FDA. 

PainShield 

PainShield
is an ultrasound device, consisting of a reusable driver unit and a disposable patch, which contains our proprietary therapeutic transducer.
It delivers a localized ultrasound effect to treat pain and induce soft tissue healing in a targeted area, while keeping the level of
ultrasound energy at a safe and consistent level of 0.4 watts. We believe that PainShield is the smallest and most portable therapeutic
ultrasound device on the market and the only product in which the ultrasound transducer is integrated in a therapeutic disposable application
patch. 

We
believe the existing ultrasound therapy devices being used for pain reduction are primarily large devices used exclusively by
clinicians in medical settings. PainShield is able to deliver ultrasound therapy without being located in a health care facility or
clinic because it is portable, due to it being lightweight and battery operated. Because it is patch based and easy to apply,
PainShield does not require medical personnel to apply ultrasound therapy to the patient. Some patient benefits reported in prior
studies included ease of application and use, relatively quick recovery time, high patient compliance, and potentially increased
safety and efficacy over certain other devices that rely on higher-frequency ultrasound (Adahan M, et al, A Sound Solution to
Tendonitis: Healing Tendon Tears With a Novel Low-Intensity, Low-Frequency Surface Acoustic Ultrasound Patch, American
Academy of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Vol. 2, 685-687, July 2010). PainShield can be used by patients at home or work or
in a clinical setting and can be used even while the patient is sleeping. Its range of applications includes acute and chronic pain
reduction and anti-inflammatory treatment. 

Picture
of PainShield with Patch 

In
other countries outside the United States where the product is approved for such use, PainShield is used to treat tendon disease and
trigeminal neuralgia (a chronic pain condition that affects the trigeminal or 5th cranial nerve, one of the most widely distributed nerves
in the head); previously, the therapeutic options for these disorders have been very limited. In the United States, PainShield is only
cleared to treat pain, muscle spasms, and joint contractures associated with or caused by various conditions or diseases. It has also
been used to treat pelvic and abdominal pain. To date, to the best of our knowledge, the primary treatment options for several of these
conditions are pain medication and surgery. Several additional causes of pain, and the treatment of that pain with the PainShield product,
can be explored through clinical trials. 

18 

On
March 1, 2023 the Company launched its month-to-month rental program for Painshield. 

Market
for PainShield 

Pain-related
complaints are one of the most common reasons patients seek treatment from physicians (Prince V, Pain Management in Patients with
Substance-Use Disorders, Pain Management, PSAP-VII, Chronic Illnesses). According to Landro L, New Ways to Treat Pain:
Tricking the Brain, Blocking the Nerves in Patients When all Else Has Failed, Wall Street Journal, May 11, 2010, approximately
26 of adult Americans, or approximately 76.5 million people, suffer from chronic pain. The National Center for Health Statistics has
estimated that approximately 54 of the adult population experiences musculoskeletal pain. Studies have shown that low-frequency ultrasound
treatment has yielded positive results for a variety of indications, including tendon injuries and short-term pain relief (Warden SJ,
 A new direction for ultrasound therapy in sports medicine, Sports Med. 2003; 33 (2):95-107), chronic low back pain (Ansari
NN, Ebadi S, Talebian S, Naghdi S, Mazaheri H, Olyaei G, Jalaie SA, Randomized, single blind placebo controlled clinical trial
on the effect of continuous ultrasound on low back pain, Electromyogr Clin Neurophysiol. 2006 Nov; 46(6):329-36) and sinusitis
(Ansari NN, Naghdi S, Farhadi M, Jalaie S, A preliminary study into the effect of low-intensity pulsed ultrasound on chronic maxillary
and frontal sinusitis, Physiother Theory Pract. 2007 Jul-Aug; 23(4):211-8). We believe that PainShield s technology, portability
and ease of use may result in it becoming an attractive product in the pain management and therapy field. 

Competition 

There
are numerous products and approaches currently utilized to treat chronic pain. The pharmacological approach, which may be the most common,
focuses on drug-related treatments with the over-the-counter internal analgesic market estimated at 19 billion in 2019. Alternatively,
there are a large number of non-pharmacological pain treatment options available, such as ultrasound, transcutaneous electrical nerve
stimulation, or TENS, laser therapy and pulsed electromagnetic treatment. In addition, there are some technologies and devices in the
market that utilize low frequency ultrasound or patch technology. Many patients are initially prescribed anti-pain medication; however,
ongoing use of drugs may cause substantial side effects and lead to addiction. Therefore, patients and clinicians have shown increased
interest in alternative pain therapy using medical devices that do not carry these side effects. 

The
currently available ultrasound treatments for chronic pain have generally been accepted by the medical community as standard treatment
for pain management. However, the traditional ultrasound treatments, such as those manufactured or distributed by Mettler Electronics
Corp, Metron USA and Zimmer MedizinSysteme, are stationary devices found only in clinics and other health care facilities that need to
be administered to patients by health care professionals. We are aware of three companies that market smaller ultrasound devices capable
of certain self-administered use for the treatment of pain: Koalaty Products, Inc., Sun-Rain System Corp. and PhysioTEC. These devices
generally function in the same manner, at the same frequency and with the same administration and safety requirements and limitations
as traditional, larger ultrasound devices. We are also aware of one product, the SAM Sport4,
which has recently received FDA approval and also has CE Mark approval, marketed by ZetrOZ, Inc., that we understand may eliminate certain
of these requirements and limitations, namely the requirement to be plugged in, the need for movement around the treated area and the
relatively short safe treatment period. However, we understand that this product does not generate surface acoustic waves as our products
do, which means that the treatment area is generally limited to that under the transducer, that the use of transmission gel is still
required, and that the transducer thickness is significantly greater than ours (approximately 1.5cm). It is also our understanding that
the FDA has issued contraindications which do not apply to the PainShield product. In addition, there are other patch-based methods
of pain treatment, such as TENS therapy. TENS therapy may be painful and irritating for the patient due to the muscle contractions resulting
from the electrical pulses. PainShield combines the efficacy of ultrasound treatment for pain with the ease of use and portability of
a patch-based system. PainShield also may be self-administered by the patient, including while the patient is sleeping. However, if we
are unable to obtain widespread insurance coverage and reimbursement for PainShield, its acceptance as a pain management treatment would
likely be hindered, as patients may be reluctant to pay for the product out-of-pocket. 

CMS has approved PainShield for reimbursement for Medicare beneficiaries on a national basis effective January 2020, we are currently
awaiting reimbursement values to be determined. We will be notified in May 2023. A positive determination would become effective on October
1 st , 2023. If we are denied, the appeal process would begin in June 2023. 

19 

Our
marketing efforts continue to expand in the Direct to Consumer, Veterans Administration facilities, and Workers Compensation market.
Relative to the VA market, we are currently represented by Applied Medical and Delta Medical. Delta Medical is a Service Disabled Veteran
Organization Small Business (SDVOSB). PainShield is approaching the Workers Compensation market through various sales agents and
on a direct basis. Additionally, on March 1 st , 2023, we established a rental program for Direct to Consumer marketing
for patients without health insurance coverage. 

Regulatory
Strategy 

PainShield
received 510(k) clearance from the FDA in August 2008 as an ultrasonic diathermy device intended to apply ultrasonic energy to
generate deep heat within body tissues for the treatment of selected medical conditions, such as relief of pain, muscle spasms, and joint contractures. PainShield received CE
Mark approval in July 2008 and was also approved for sale by the Israeli Ministry of Health in 2010. We are able to sell PainShield
in India and Ecuador based on our CE Mark. 

In
the United States, a prescription from a licensed healthcare practitioner is required for the use of PainShield. 

Recently,
we announced our intention to pursue marketing authorization for a non-prescription version of PainShield MD, which
we refer to as PainShield Relief. The PainShield Relief is intended to be an Over-The Counter
(OTC) product, not requiring a prescription from a medical professional. We believe that such reclassification, if approved by the FDA, will open up mass
market opportunities which are currently not available to us due to the prescription requirement. However, there is no assurance
that we will be able to remove the prescription requirement for the use of PainShield Relief or that, even if we accomplish such
reclassification and the use of PainShield Relief no longer requires a prescription, PainShield Relief will be successful
commercially in the mass market or we will be able to generate significant revenues from the mass market opportunities, if
any. 

In
order to prove to the FDA that the requirement for a physician prescription is not necessary to ensure safe and effective use of the
product, proof of safety and consumer usability need to be established. We engaged User-View, Inc to facilitate our
Usability study and received the favorable results we expected. The product packaging and all instruction documents have been
modified in an effort to meet OTC standards. We also engaged an outside laboratory to perform acoustic testing on all PainShield
products. We previously anticipated submission of a 510(k) for PainShield Relief to the FDA, for OTC use as a class 1 device, in
early April 2022, but we are reconsidering our target timeline for such submission and whether any additional data or action steps
are needed including potentially redesigning the product in appearance and functionality. 

The
PainShield Plus, is a dual applicator device, which will also be submitted for specific clearance from the FDA. Submission for PainShield
Plus was made in late February 2022. We received FDA clearance in November 2023. 

In
the United States, PainShield falls under the diathermy classification for the treatment of pain for initial reimbursement purposes.
The permitted reimbursement codes can be used in the outpatient supervised medical setting. We continue to work with the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services and private insurers so that reimbursement can be extended to cover the administration of PainShield outside
of health care facilities and clinics. We have engaged outside legal counsel to assist with all aspects of reimbursement and FDA regulatory
actions. In addition, we intend to conduct clinical trials in order to pursue FDA authorization to market PainShield for a larger range of indications.
The targeted reimbursement would be based upon specific indications, where study data serves as justification for payment. 

Sales
and Marketing 

PainShield
was introduced in 2009 as a treatment for pain, such as tendonitis, sports injuries, pelvic pain, and neurologic pain, depending on the
scope of the approval or clearance from each applicable jurisdiction, and we have sold over 5,000 units since its introduction. We have
entered into distribution agreements in United States, Europe, Australia, and India for the distribution of PainShield. We intend to
seek additional distribution opportunities in Europe, East Asia and Ecuador. In addition, we sell PainShield directly to patients through
our website in jurisdictions where direct-to-consumer sale is permitted. We are currently ramping up our marketing efforts in the U.S.
market and throughout the world to establish licensing and private label partnerships as well. 

20 

We
have identified a unique application for PainShield in applicable foreign jurisdictions where such application is authorized, which is
the treatment of a severe facial nerve pain called Trigeminal Neuralgia, otherwise known as tic douloureux. The FDA lists facial application
as a contraindication and has not cleared or approved PainShield for such use in the United States. We are considering pursuing FDA approval
of the PainShield for Trigeminal Neuralgia, which will likely require additional data and clinical investigation to support an application
for premarket approval PMA for this indication, if such PMA is required by FDA. Two studies were performed in Israel,
 a randomized control trial examining the efficacy of low intensity low frequency Surface Acoustic wave ultrasound in trigeminal
neuralgia pain , and A sound solution for Trigeminal Neuralgia . Two trials which enrolled a total of 16 and 15 patients
respectively, both conducted at the Sheba Medical Center in Israel, concluded that this study supports the hypothesis that the application
of Low Intensity Low Frequency Surface Acoustic Wave Ultrasound (LILF/SAW) may be associated with a clinically significant reduction
of pain severity among patients suffering from trigeminal neuralgia disease. One of the studies showed a reduction in pain among 73 
of the participants. We believe this to be an ideal market to address with the PainShield. With few existing treatment alternatives,
we believe the PainShield could prove to be a practical and safe alternative. A broader RCT, targeting 60 patients suffering from unilateral
trigeminal neuralgia, was also completed. The article was published on January 22, 2019, in the Journal of Anesthesiology and Pain Research,
under the title The Effect of a Surface Acoustic Wave (SAW) Device on the Symptomatology of Trigeminal Neuralgia . We cannot
predict the success of any future trials, nor can we guarantee that FDA will grant approval for such use. 

GlobalData s
epidemiological analysis forecasts that the total prevalent cases of trigeminal neuralgia in the seven major markets (United States,
France, Germany, Italy, Spain, U.K and Japan) will grow at 15 between 2012 and 2022. According to an estimate by Ronald Brisman, M.D.,
in 2013 the prevalence of trigeminal neuralgia in the U.S. may have been as high as approximately 280,000 patients. With the favorable
results from our current, ongoing study (explained in detail below), we continue to plan to aggressively pursue this market in the foreign
jurisdictions where PainShield has been approved through direct marketing efforts and distributor relationships. 

We
have also identified a market for PainShield in the professional sports industry, where in some cases, reimbursement may be available
from sports alumni organizations or, more likely, self-pay. In order to pursue this market, we are exhibiting at sports trainers meetings,
pursuing alumni associations, advertising in their media, and have recently engaged a national distributor in the United States. Discussions
and ongoing negotiations continue with other appropriate distributors in these various market segments. 

Clinical
Trials 

To
date, we have conducted or are in the process of conducting the clinical trials set forth below: 

Purpose 
 
 Doctor/Location 
 
 Time,
 subjects 
 
 Objectives 
 
 Results 
 
 A
 sound solution for Trigeminal Neuralgia Physician initiated 

Dr.
 Ch. Adahan 
 Sheba
 Medical Center 

2009 
 15
 patients 

Reduction
 in pain 
 Reduction
 in disability 
 Improvement
 of function and quality of life 
 Accelerating
 of healing 
 
 73 of the subjects experienced
 complete or near complete relief. 

Randomized control trial
 examining the efficacy of low intensity low frequency Surface Acoustic wave ultrasound in trigeminal neuralgia pain For Ph.D., Funded
 by Israeli Ministry of Health 
 
 Dr.
 M. Zwecker 
 Chaim
 Sheba Medical Center, Tel Hashomer, Israel 

2012-2012 
 16
 patients 

Reduction
 in pain 
 Reduction
 in disability 
 Improvement
 of function and quality of life 
 Accelerating
 of healing 

In conclusion this study
 supports the hypothesis that the application of Low Intensity Low Frequency Surface Acoustic Wave Ultrasound (LILF/SAW) may be associated
 with a clinically significant reduction of pain severity among patients suffering from trigeminal neuralgia disease. 

21 

Purpose 
 
 Doctor/Location 
 
 Time,
 subjects 
 
 Objectives 
 
 Results 
 
 Treating Rutgers university
 athletic injuries with bandaid sized ultrasound unit PainShield 
 
 R.
 Monaco, 
 G.
 Sherman, 
 Rutgers
 University Athletic, Rutgers, New Jersey 

2011 
 35
 patients 

To
 assess the pain, functional capacity and discomfort of the subject 
 To
 assess the subject s quality of life 
 To
 assess the injury status 
 To
 assess the efficacy of the treatment 
 To
 assess compliance factors 
 
 Active
 group: 
 74 
 had improvement, 26 no change 
 Sham
 group: 
 56 
 no change, 44 had improvement 
 This
 is an indication of the effectiveness of the device. 
 Lack
 of funding for statistical analysis has stopped this trial prior to fulfillment. 

Reduction of chronic abdominal
 and pelvic pain, urological and GI symptoms using wearable device delivering low frequency ultrasound 
 
 D.
 Wiseman, 
 Synechion
 Institute for Pelvic Pain 

2011 
 19
 patients 

To assess the efficacy
 of PainShield for pelvic and related pain 
 
 Improvement in pain related
 symptoms noted for all symptoms. 

The Effects of the NanoVibronix s
 PainShield Surface Acoustic Waves on the Symptoms of Lateral Epicondylitis 
 
 Dr. David Lemak, a leading
 orthopedic surgeon with Birmingham Orthopedic and Sports Specialists. 
 
 2019, 24 patients 
 
 A randomized, double blinded
 study for 30 days that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of PainShield Surface Acoustic Wave (SAW) technology on patients
 suffering from pain and discomfort, as well as limited mobility caused by the effects of chronic or acute lateral epicondylitis (LE)
 tennis elbow ). 
 
 We plan to publish an article
 at the time and in conjunction with adding a marketing partner. 

The Effect of a Surface
 Acoustic Wave (SAW) Device on the Symptomatology of Trigeminal Neuralgia 
 
 Shira Markowitz, MD, New
 York, NY 
 
 Early 2018 59 patients 
 
 To measure pain scores,
 quality of life, and breakthrough drug use of 59 patients with a diagnosis of unilateral trigeminal neuralgia. 
 
 There was a significant
 difference in the outcomes of the two groups relative to pain, quality of life, and breakthrough medications taken, which was directly
 correlated to pain experienced during treatment. Specifically, the treatment group experienced a 55.2 improvement in baseline pain
 scores versus 2.3 for the control group. The treatment group experienced a 46.4 reduction in breakthrough pain medication versus
 1.5 for the control group. 

22 

If
we are able to obtain sufficient funding, we anticipate conducting the following clinical trials: 

Trial 
 
 Place 
 
 Start
 Date/Timing 
 
 Objectives 
 
 PainShield
 for Pelvic Pain 
 200
 patient trial 
 
 To be determined 
 
 To be determined 
 
 Safety and Efficacy of
 PainShield in Chronic Pelvic Pain 

WoundShield 

Our
WoundShield product was granted the European Wound Closure Customer Value Leadership Award, Ultrasound Therapy Wound Closure
in 2014. WoundShield is intended to treat acute and chronic wounds with a disposable treatment patch that delivers localized therapeutic
low frequency ultrasound. The WoundShield patch has two configurations: one that is placed adjacent to the wound and another, called
the instillation patch, that is placed on the wound to enable instillation through sonophoresis, a process that increases the absorption
of semisolid topical compounds, including medications, into the skin. Based on studies conducted by BIO-EC Microbiology Laboratory and
Rosenblum, we believe that our WoundShield product possesses significant potential for the treatment of, among other things, diabetic
foot ulcers and burns (Gasser P, Study Report delivered by BIO-EC Microbiology Laboratory, Dec 2007, which we ordered, paid for, and
provided devices for; Rosenblum J, Surface Acoustic Wave Patch Diathermy Generates Healing In Hard To Heal Wounds, European
Wound Management Association 2011, for which we supplied devices but had no further involvement). In March 2020, we signed a license
agreement with Sanuwave Health, Inc. Sanuwave for the manufacture and delivery of our WoundShield technology. Under the
terms of the agreement, NanoVibronix received 127,000 warrants of Sanuwave stock upon signing, will receive a 250,000 milestone payment
based on FDA approval, and 10 royalty on Sanuwave s gross revenues from sales or rentals of WoundShield. In return, Sanuwave has
received the worldwide, exclusive rights to the Company s WoundShield product and technology. In addition, Sanuwave will bear the
costs and clinical validation responsibilities associated with obtaining approval for WoundShield from the FDA and other regulatory agencies
around the world. 

Picture
of WoundShield Driver and Instillation Patch 

WoundShield
delivers surface acoustic waves to the location of the wound. Surface acoustic waves move laterally across the surface of the wound,
which enables the transfer of the acoustic energy of the waves along the entire wound surface in a continuous and consistent mode, providing
access to the waves benefits for a longer treatment period than conventional ultrasound without the need for supervision or a
treatment session by a clinician. 

The
technology has been found to have a positive effect on the epithelialization (healing by the growth of epithelial cells) of diabetic
wounds, as well as on the stimulation of the precursors of dermal and epidermal (skin) growth. As such, it is a useful adjunct to wound
care by increasing dermal and epidermal growth, including glycosaminoglycans, or GAGs (which bind to extracellular proteins like collagen,
fibronectin, laminin, etc. and retain considerable amounts of water, thus preserving the skin structure) as well as the amount of collagen
(a protein that helps skin heal) and decreasing the number of cells in mitosis (a type of cell division) (Rosenblum J, Surface
Acoustic Wave Patch Diathermy Generates Healing In Hard To Heal Wounds, European Wound Management Association 2011, for which
we supplied devices which were precursors to WoundShield, but had no further involvement). In addition, the WoundShield instillation
patch allows for administration of therapeutic agents into the wound area through a sonophoresis effect. 

23 

Many
key processes in wound healing are dependent upon an adequate supply of oxygen. Diabetic foot ulcers are particularly in need of an adequate
oxygen supply because the disease often results from poor perfusion (blood flow) and decreased oxygen tension. Oxygen is also important
for the immune system to combat bacteria, synthesize collagen, help with fibroblast proliferation (fibroblasts are a type of cell that
play a critical role in wound healing), form oxidative (taking place in the presence of oxygen) pathways for adenosine triphosphate,
or ATP, formation (ATP transports chemical energy within cells for metabolism), and the nitric oxide dependent signaling pathways. It
is generally believed that a lack of available oxygen is a basic contributing factor in the perpetuation of these wounds. Wound healing
experts have developed a technique of perfusing ischemic wounds (which occur when blood flow is blocked) with hyper-oxygenated saline,
while the wound is being treated with ultrasound, also known as sonication. This localized oxygenation therapy has many advantages over
the use of hyperbaric chambers (large chambers in which the oxygen pressure is above normal), a common method for delivering oxygen to
wounds, as it is more cost-effective, can be done at the patient s bedside and can be administered more frequently. The WoundShield
instillation patch was tested as a potential ultrasound technology for this localized oxygen therapy. In one study (Morykwas M, Oxygen
Therapy with Surface Acoustic Waveform Sonication, European Wound Management Association 2011; we supplied devices for this study,
but had no further involvement with it), oxygen sensors were placed in the wound bed to directly measure partial pressure of oxygen in
an ischemic wound bed on a pig. The wound was perfused with hyperbaric oxygen and sonicated using the WoundShield instillation patch.
With surface acoustic wave ultrasound technology, tissue oxygen levels (partial pressure of oxygen in the blood, or PaO2) were raised
from a range of 20 mmHg (millimeters of mercury) to 60 mmHg in peripheral (periwound) areas, a 3 centimeter distance away from the transducer,
and from 40 mmHg to greater than 100 mmHg in the central wound bed lying below the WoundShield instillation patch (see table below).
The results of this study illustrated that the WoundShield instillation patch allowed oxygen to directly enter into the wound. The direct
entry of the oxygen increased the amount of oxygen reaching the wound, which has been shown to advance the healing process. In addition,
we believe that WoundShield s small size, lower cost and ease of use makes localized oxygen treatment commercially viable. 

In
2012, results were published of a human feasibility trial for the WoundShield instillation patch that was performed at Duke University
in North Carolina. Seven patients were treated with the WoundShield instillation patch for their wounds and average tissue oxygen levels
(PaO2) increased by an average of 58 over baseline (Covington S, Ultrasound-Mediated Oxygen Delivery to Lower Extremity Wounds, 
Wounds 2012; 24(8)). We supplied devices for this trial, but had no further involvement with it. 

24 

Market
for Wound-Healing Devices 

The global wound care device market totaled approximately 20.8 billion
in 2022 and it is expected to grow to 27.2 billion by 2027 at a CAGR of 65.4 during 2022-2027 (as reported by Markets and Markets in
June 2022). According to the Global Report on Diabetes produced by the World Health Organization WHO in 2016, globally, an estimated 422 million adults were living with diabetes in 2014, compared to 108 million in
1980. According to a report entitled Advances in Wound Closure Technology by Frost and Sullivan (2005), foot complexities
are the most frequent causes for patients with diabetes to get hospitalized, with complications usually starting with the formation of
skin ulcers. In addition, according to the American Burn Association, approximately 486,000 patients received medical treatment annually
for burn injuries in 2016 in the United States. There are also policy-based factors that may increase the size of the wound care market.
We anticipate that reimbursement decisions with respect to hospital acquired wounds may create a large market opportunity for wound care
products, including WoundShield. Furthermore, in 2009, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services announced that they would stop
reimbursements for treatment of certain complications that they believed were preventable with proper care. One such complication was
surgical site infections after certain elective procedures, including some orthopedic surgeries and bariatric surgery. We believe that
such developments incentivize medical care providers to invest in reducing the risk of infection through the use of wound care products,
including WoundShield. 

Competition
for WoundShield 

The
market for advanced wound care includes a number of competitors, such as Kinetic Concepts, Inc. (a subsidiary of the 3M Company), or
KCI, Smith and Nephew plc and Convatec Inc., all of whom market wound-healing medical devices. Due to their size, in general these companies
may have significant advantages over us. These competitors have their own distribution networks for their products, which gives them
an advantage over us in reaching potential customers. In addition, they are vertically-integrated, which may allow them to maximize efficiencies
that we cannot achieve with our third-party suppliers and distributors. Finally, because of their significantly greater resources, they
could potentially choose to focus on research and development of technology similar to ours, more than we are able to. In general, we
believe that these competitors have, and will continue to have, substantially greater financial, technological, research and development,
regulatory and clinical, manufacturing, marketing and sales, distribution and personnel resources than we do. However, we believe that
our products differentiate us from these competitors, and we will be competitive on the basis of our technology. We believe that the
strength of these competitors may create an opportunity through strategic partnerships. 

At
present, ultrasound treatment for wounds is limited only to wound debridement (removal of damaged tissue or foreign objects from a wound)
and such products are marketed by Arobella Medical, LLC, which produces the Qoustic Wound Therapy System, Misonix Inc., which produces
SonicOne products, and Alliqua Biomedical, Inc., which produces the MIST Therapy System. Due to their size, in general these companies
may have the same advantages over us as discussed with respect to our competitors in the paragraph above. However, these ultrasound devices
are indicated for use only in medical clinics and require an operator to deliver their treatment, thus limiting their use and application.
The MIST Therapy System and Quostic Therapy System are a non-contact ultrasound device that delivers ultrasound through a mist that is
applied directly on the wound. 

We
believe that these therapies are less advantageous than WoundShield because they require an operator to deliver the treatment and the
removal of bandages to target the wound bed. In contrast, the WoundShield patch sits on normal skin bordering the open wound and no manipulation
of the wound bandage is required. Moreover, WoundShield can be self-administered, without an operator, in both clinics and home settings.
We also believe that WoundShield will prove to be an effective alternative to treating chronic wounds at a lower price than the existing
products being used by medical practitioners. As such, we believe that facilities that are reimbursed based upon diagnosis-related groups
will be more inclined to adopt WoundShield because it will provide the same therapeutic results at a significantly lower cost than traditional
ultrasound therapies. 

We
are also aware of a small clinical study, for which results were reported in August 2013, in which a small ultrasound device showed positive
results in the treatment of venous ulcers, a type of chronic wound. We understand that this product does not generate surface acoustic
waves as our products do, which means that the treatment area is generally limited to that of the transducer s diameter. We believe
our products would have certain other advantages over this potential device, if developed, including that our products weigh less and
are thinner. However, given the early stage of development of this potential device, we cannot say with certainty how our products would
compare. 

25 

The
most common method of oxygen administration for wound healing is hyperbaric oxygen therapy, especially to treat specific ulcerations
in diabetic patients. Hyperbaric oxygen therapy has been shown to increase vascular endothelial growth factor expression, which measures
the creation of new blood vessels (Fok TC, at el, Hyperbaric oxygen results in increased vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)
protein expression in rabbit calvarial critical-sized defects , Schulich School of Medicine and Dentistry, University of Western
Ontario, Canada). The activation of endothelial cells by VEGF sets in motion a series of steps toward the creation of new blood vessels
(J Lewis et al, National Cancer Institute, Understanding Cancer and Related Topics, Understanding Angiogenesis). We believe that the
WoundShield instillation patch, which can be used as an oxygen instillation system, will be complementary to, or in some cases an alternative
to, the use of hyperbaric chamber therapy. This complementary treatment option will allow the treating physician greater therapeutic
versatility in treating wounds. For a certain populace of patients, we believe that the WoundShield instillation patch could provide
physicians with an alternative to hyperbaric oxygen therapy because it provides the same benefits as hyperbaric oxygen therapy at a lower
cost to the patient. There are a number of competitors in the hyperbaric chamber therapy market, including approximately eight companies
in the United States. Due to their size, in general these companies may have the same advantages over us discussed with respect to our
competitors in the first paragraph of this section. However, we believe that the WoundShield instillation patch possesses certain advantages
over the existing hyperbaric chamber therapy, including lower cost and greater ease of use. In addition, we believe that the WoundShield
instillation patch will not necessarily compete with hyperbaric chamber therapy, but rather will often complement such therapy. 

While
we believe that WoundShield is well positioned to capture a share of the wound care market, WoundShield may be unable to achieve its
anticipated place in the wound care market due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, an inability to obtain the approval
of the FDA , for which it is indicated and its failure to be adopted by health care practitioners and facilities or patients because
of its status as a new product in a market that relies on patient-focused initiative to treat wounds. 

Regulatory
Strategy 

For
a general discussion of the FDA approval process with respect to our products, and regulation of our products in general, see 
Government Regulation below. 

Our
general regulatory strategy for WoundShield has been to allow our licensee to pursue FDA clearance. To date, SanuwaveHealth, Inc. has
not met their contracted milestones to retain the license for WoundShield. 

Sales
and Marketing 

WoundShield
has generated minimal revenues to date. In March 2020, we signed a license agreement with Sanuwave Health, Inc. for the manufacture and
delivery of our WoundShield technology. 

Clinical
Trials 

With
respect to WoundShield, to date, we have conducted the following evaluation studies: 

Purpose 
 
 Doctor/Location 
 
 Time,
 subjects 
 
 Objectives 
 
 Results 
 
 Clinical
 evaluation 
 Physician
 initiated 

Dr.
 J. Rosenblum, 
 Shaare
 Zedek 
 Medical
 Center 
 
 2008 
 8
 patients 
 
 To evaluate novel technology
 on wound healing in diabetic foot ulcers. 
 
 Therapy showed significant
 changes in wound, wound size was reduced, patients felt less pain, necrotic tissue was less adhesive, necrotic tissue decreased in
 size. The duration of the trial was one week. 

Clinical
 evaluation 
 Physician
 initiated 

Dr.
 J. Rosenblum, 
 Shaare
 Zedek 
 Medical
 Center 
 
 2010 
 8
 patients 
 
 To evaluate novel technology
 on wound healing in diabetic foot ulcers. 
 
 The device, a precursor
 device to WoundShield using the same technology as WoundShield, had a positive effect on both epithelization of diabetic wounds and
 stimulating the precursors of dermal and epidermal growth. The duration of the trial was one week. 

Clinical
 evaluation 
 Physician
 initiated 

Dr. S. Covington 
 
 2010 
 7
 patients 
 
 The study aimed to determine
 if hyper oxygenated saline delivered by surface acoustic waves improves tissue oxygenation in lower extremity wounds. 
 
 Surface acoustic wave technology
 in conjunction with oxygenated saline can increase interstitial oxygen in wound bed. This trial to validate proof of concept was
 put on hold due to financial constraints. The duration of the trial was two weeks. 

26 

Third
Party Reimbursement 

We
anticipate that sales volumes and prices of the products we commercialize will depend in large part on the availability of coverage and
reimbursement from third party payers. Third party payers include governmental programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, private insurance
plans and workers compensation plans, among others. These third -party payers may deny coverage and reimbursement for a product
or therapy, in whole or in part, if they determine that the product or therapy was not medically appropriate or necessary. The third-party
payers also may place limitations on the types of physicians or clinicians that can perform specific types of procedures. In addition,
third party payers are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services. Some third -party payers must also
pre-approve coverage for new or innovative devices or therapies before they will reimburse health care providers who use the products
or therapies. Even though a new product may have been approved or cleared by the FDA for commercial distribution, we may find limited
demand for the device until adequate reimbursement has been obtained from governmental and private third -party payers. 

Over-the-counter
products, such as the anticipated PainShield Relief product that we are developing, if ultimately cleared for marketing by the FDA,
are generally not reimbursed by any third-party payers. 

In
international markets, reimbursement and healthcare payment systems vary significantly by country, and many countries have instituted
price ceilings on specific product lines and procedures. There can be no assurance that procedures using our products will be considered
medically reasonable and necessary for a specific indication, that our products will be considered cost-effective by third party payers,
that an adequate level of reimbursement will be available or that the third -party payers reimbursement policies will not adversely
affect our ability to sell our products profitably. 

In
the United States, some insured individuals are receiving their medical care through managed care programs, which monitor and often require
pre-approval of the services that a member will receive. Some managed care programs are paying their providers on a per capita basis,
which puts the providers at financial risk for the services provided to their patients by paying these providers a predetermined payment
per member per month, and consequently, may limit the willingness of these providers to use certain products, including ours. 

One
of the components in the reimbursement decision by most private insurers and governmental payers, including the Centers for Medicare
and Medicaid Services, which administers Medicare, is the assignment of a billing code. Billing codes are used to identify the procedures
performed when providers submit claims to third party payers for reimbursement for medical services. They also generally form the basis
for payment amounts. 

Obtaining
reimbursement approval for a product from any government or other third -party payer is a time-consuming and costly process that could
require us or our distributors to provide supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our product to each
payer. Even if a code is obtained for a product, a third -party payer must still make coverage and payment determinations. When a payer
determines that a product is eligible for reimbursement, the payer may impose coverage limitations that preclude payment for some uses
that are approved by the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities. We believe that the overall escalating costs of medical products
and services has led to, and will continue to lead to, increased pressures on the health care industry to reduce the costs of products
and services. In addition, health care reform measures, as well as legislative and regulatory initiatives at the federal and state levels,
create significant additional uncertainties. There can be no assurance that third party coverage and reimbursement will be available
or adequate, or that future legislation, regulation, or reimbursement policies of third -party payers will not adversely affect the demand
for our products or our ability to sell these products on a profitable basis. The unavailability or inadequacy of third -party payer
coverage or reimbursement would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

27 

UroShield. If
cleared or approved by the FDA for the U.S. market, we expect these products to be used in inpatient settings and therefore
reimbursed under the Diagnosis Related Group (DRG) or per diem reimbursement system. In addition, in an outpatient or home setting,
we anticipate that these products will initially be purchased privately until a reimbursement code is obtained. However, we believe
that if we can empirically demonstrate UroShield s efficacy in preventing recurrent hospitals admission in chronic Foley
catheter patients and reducing overall per-patient cost, third party payers may accelerate the reimbursement approval process since
the device could reduce their overall per-patient cost. We believe the natural progression of the adoption of this technology will
allow for use in the home setting. We intend to pursue reimbursement in the Medicare Part B code to support the use for long term
catheter use and infection prevention in the home. 

PainShield.
 Effective as of January 2020, CMS approval for Medicare reimbursement was added through code K1004. The value of the reimbursement
has not yet been confirmed. We continue to work toward a favorable reimbursement with outside legal counsel and reimbursement consultants.
The most recent application for reimbursement from CMS/Medicare was submitted on January 3 rd , 2023. A determination should
be provided in or around May 2023. 

WoundShield. We believe
that the initial usage of these products, if approved or cleared by the FDA, will be in the hospital setting. Reimbursement in the hospital setting is typically governed
by the DRG system, which is a prospective payment methodology that assigns a predetermined, fixed amount based on the patient s
diagnoses. Sanuwave Health Inc., as the licensee of this technology, is responsible to apply for such reimbursement, but has not yet done
so. 

New
Product Under Development 

Renooskin 

In
2016, we started developing a device candidate for the facial rejuvenation market called Renooskin. Previous in vitro studies on
human skin were done showing that the SAW technology provided skin rejuvenation comparable to Retinol A which is a well-accepted
anti-aging cream. We have developed a head band like applicator for the PainShield SAW treatment and are in the process of arranging
for a pilot trial with a cosmetic dermatologist and/or plastic surgeon. We believe that, subject to proof of efficacy of the
Renooskin and receiving regulatory approval, neither of which are guaranteed, the device candidate could potentially be sold in a non-reimbursement market
since cosmetic devices are private pay. We are still considering several paths towards commercialization. 

Intellectual
Property 

Stemming
from a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as non-disclosure agreements and other contracts, our
intellectual property rights represent a vital resource to the management of our company. Therefore, we are continuing our practice of
investing in obtaining appropriate legal protection for our innovations whenever possible and have adopted a more fully integrative approach
to the management of our intellectual property that mutually aligns with our ongoing R D strategies, commercial opportunities based
on market analyses, and longer-term business objectives. 

From
our patented technologies to our trademarked brands, we believe our intellectual property has substantial value and has significantly
contributed to our success to date. 

28 

From
our patented technologies to our trademarked brands, we believe our intellectual property has substantial value and has significantly
contributed to our success to date. 

Patents 

We
seek patent protection for our inventions not only to differentiate our products and technologies, but also to develop opportunities
for licensing and securing our rights to profits therefrom. With the aim of optimizing commercial and regulatory success, our proprietary
technology and innovative applications thereof are protected by a variety of patent claims. We believe that our granted patents and pending
applications collectively protect our technology, both in terms of our existing products, as well as our anticipated pipeline of new
offerings. 

Our
patent portfolio includes at least the following issued patents, as well as a number of corresponding foreign patents in relevant jurisdictions:
(1) U.S. Patent No. 7,393,501 to Method, Apparatus and System for Treating Biofilms Associated With Catheters (expiring
on December 19, 2023); (2) U.S. Patent No. 7,829,029 to Acoustic Add-On Device for Biofilm Prevention in Urinary Catheter 
(expiring on October 27, 2025); (3) U.S. Patent No. 9,028,748 to System and Method for Surface Acoustic Wave Treatment of Medical
Devices (expiring on July 11, 2030); and (4) U.S. Patent No. 9,585,977 directed to System and Method for Surface
Acoustic Waves Treatment of Skin (expiring on August 20, 2033). These patents cover a wide range of embodiments and applications
of our proprietary surface acoustic wave (SAW) technology, including our commercialized PAINSHIELD , PAINSHIELD PLUS TM ,
WOUNDSHIELD and UROSHIELD devices. Specifically, the patents provide for methods of generating SAW on surfaces of indwelling
medical devices and to topical and urological applications therefor, for alleviating pain and for wound healing, and for preventing formation
of bacterial biofilms on catheters. 

In
addition to the above patents, our pending patent applications and new filings are representative of our ongoing efforts to broaden our
portfolio as we continue to develop new applications for our ultrasound technology. Pending patent applications related to UROSHIELD 
devices are directed to Multiple Frequency Surface Acoustic Waves for Internal Medical Device and System, Device, and Method
for Mitigating Bacterial Biofilms Associated with Indwelling Medical Devices . Ths new patent applications cover the next generation
of UROSHIELD devices operating at multiple frequencies and devices which are compatible in portable and wireless systems. 

Pending
patent applications related to PAINSHIELD , PAINSHIELD PLUS TM , WOUNDSHIELD devices are directed to Transdermal
Patch of a Portable Ultrasound-Generating System for Improved Delivery of Therapeutic Agents and Associated Methods of Treatment ;
 Portable Ultrasound System and Methods of Treating Facial Skin by Application of Surface Acoustic Waves and Improved Injection
Needle Assembly . 

Although
not yet granted, the aim of our growing number of patent applications is to secure our rights within additional industry sectors we foresee
as most readily benefiting from our technology. Therefore, looking beyond just pain management and urology, our patent applications relate
to, inter alia: novel transdermal patches uniquely configured to work with our ultrasound technology to additionally provide for
improved absorption and transdermal delivery of therapeutic agents during treatment; cosmetic applications of our ultrasound technology
to provide anti-aging benefits; and certain new or improved stand-alone therapeutic medical devices or so-called indwelling medical
devices (e.g., catheters, intravenous (IV) needle assemblies, and percutaneous endoscopic gastronomy (PEG) tubes) that include
our SAW-generating technology to provide the accompanying antimicrobial effect for preventing infections typically associated with available
indwelling devices. 

We
intend to further grow our patent portfolio by continuing to patent new technology as it is developed, to defend intellectual property
as we believe necessary by actively pursuing any infringements, to pursue commercial opportunities our patents provide for our innovations,
and to continue to develop our brands and trademarks. 

Trademarks 

In
addition to patent protection, we own numerous registered trademarks for our commercialized WOUNDSHIELD (in the U.S. and Canada),
NanoVibronix (in the U.S. and Canada), WOUNDSHIELD (in the U.S. and Canada), PAINSHIELD . (in the U.S. and Canada), and
UROSHIELD (in the U.S.). Generally, the protection afforded by trademarks is perpetual, subject to paying timely renewals and continuing
proper use in commerce. In addition to the above, we expect to pursue additional trademark registrations to the extent we believe they
would be beneficial and cost-effective. 

29 

Other
Rights 

We
regularly enter into, and rely on, confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants, contractors and
business partners to protect our trade secrets, proprietary technology and other confidential information. We control the use of our
proprietary technology through relevant provisions, notifications, and disclaimers provided on our website, our customer terms of use,
and our vendor terms and conditions. 

Government
Regulation 

U.S.
Food and Drug Administration Regulation 

Each
of our products must be approved, cleared by, or registered with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA before
they can be marketed in the United States, and they can only be marketed consistently with their respective approved or cleared
indication(s) of use. Before and after approval or clearance in the United States, our products, approved or cleared products and
product candidates, are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and/or the Public
Health Service Act, as well as by other regulatory bodies. The FDA regulations govern, among other things, the development, testing,
manufacturing, labeling, safety, storage, record-keeping, market clearance or approval, advertising and promotion, import and
export, marketing and sales, distribution and market withdrawal and recalls of medical devices and pharmaceutical products.
PainShield MD and PainShield MD Plus have each already obtained 510(k) marketing clearance by the FDA. We are in the process
of conducting clinical and non-clinical testing to support a submission for FDA clearance for PainShield Relief as an
over-the-counter drug. 

In
September 2020, the FDA exercised its Enforcement Discretion to allow distribution of the UroShield device in the United States. According
to the FDA, UroShield device can use Intended Use Code (IUC) 081.006: Enforcement Discretion per final guidance, and FDA
product code QMK (extracorporeal acoustic wave generating accessory to urological indwelling catheter for use during the COVID-19 pandemic) .
Accordingly, the FDA s Enforcement Discretion temporarily cleared the way for import of UroShield to the U.S. for limited use during
the Covid-19 pandemic. The public health emergency has since-been terminated in the U.S., and the FDA, accordingly, issued guidance confirming
that devices marketed under Enforcement Discretion must be cleared or approved by November 2023 to remain on the market. The fact that
FDA authorized UroShield s use under the COVID-19 Enforcement Discretion does not ensure that UroShield will be granted marketing
approval or clearance under any of the traditional pathways. 

FDA
Approval or Clearance of Medical Devices 

In
the United States, medical devices are subject to varying degrees of regulatory control and are classified in one of three classes depending
on the extent of controls FDA determines are necessary to reasonably ensure their safety and efficacy: 

Class I: general controls,
 such as labeling and adherence to quality system regulations, and a pre-market notification (510(k)) unless exempt; 

Class II: special controls,
 pre-market notification (510(k)) unless exempt, specific controls such as performance standards, patient registries and post-market
 surveillance and additional controls such as labeling and adherence to quality system regulations; and 

Class III: special controls
 and approval of a Pre-Market Approval, or PMA, application. 

WoundShield and PainShield are
classified as Class II medical devices and require U.S. Food and Drug Administration authorization prior to marketing, by means of 510(k)
clearance. Due to its nature and the lack of existing predicate devices on the market, UroShield is automatically classified as a Class
III device for which a PMA is required, unless our request for de novo reclassification is successful, in which case, it
will be classified as a Class II device and subject to the same postmarket framework as 510(k)-cleared devices. 

30 

To
request marketing authorization by means of a 510(k) clearance, we must submit a pre-market notification demonstrating that the
proposed device is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed medical device (referred to as a predicate device ).
A finding of substantial equivalence requires that the proposed new device (i), has the same intended use as a predicate device;
(ii) has the same or similar technological characteristics as the predicate device; (iii) is as safe and effective as the predicate
device; and (iv) does not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness than the predicate device. 510(k) submissions
generally include, among other things, a description of the device and its manufacturing, device labeling, medical devices to which
the device is substantially equivalent, safety and biocompatibility information and the results of performance testing. In some
cases, a 510(k) submission must include data from human clinical studies. Marketing may commence only when the FDA issues a
clearance letter finding substantial equivalence. The typical duration to receive 510(k) approval is approximately nine months from
the date of the initial 510(k) submission, although there is no guarantee that the timing will not be longer. 

The
FDA may require us to perform clinical studies to show a product candidate s safety and efficacy in addition to technological equivalence
in support of our filed 510(k). No matter which regulatory pathway we may take in the future towards marketing products in the United
States, we believe we will be required to provide clinical proof of device effectiveness and safety. 

After
a device receives 510(k) clearance, any product modification that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the product,
or that would constitute a significant change in intended use, requires a new 510(k) clearance or, if the device would no longer be substantially
equivalent, would require a PMA. If the FDA determines that the product does not qualify for 510(k) clearance, then a company must submit
and the FDA must approve a PMA before marketing can begin. An alternative to a new 510(k) submission is a letter to File ,
citing substantial equivalence to a product which has been granted 510(k) clearance. 

A
PMA application must provide a demonstration of safety and effectiveness, which generally requires extensive nonclinical and clinical
trial data. Information about the device and its components, device design, manufacturing and labeling, among other information, must
also be included in the PMA. As part of the PMA review, the FDA will inspect the manufacturer s facilities for compliance with
quality system regulation requirements, which govern testing, control, documentation and other aspects of quality assurance with respect
to manufacturing. If the FDA determines the application or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable, the FDA may outline the deficiencies
in the submission and often will request additional testing or information. Notwithstanding the submission of any requested additional
information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. During the review
period, a FDA advisory committee, typically a panel of clinicians and statisticians, is likely to be convened to review the application
and recommend to the FDA whether, or upon what conditions, the device should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the advisory panel
decision. While the FDA often follows the panel s recommendation, there have been instances where the FDA has not. If the FDA finds
the information satisfactory, it will approve the PMA. The PMA approval can include post-approval conditions, including, among other
things, restrictions on labeling, promotion, sale and distribution, or requirements to do additional clinical studies post-approval.
Even after approval of a PMA, a new PMA or PMA supplement is required to authorize certain modifications to the device, its labeling
or its manufacturing process. Supplements to a PMA often require the submission of the same type of information required for an original
PMA, except that the supplement is generally limited to that information needed to support the proposed change from the product covered
by the original PMA. The typical duration to receive PMA approval is approximately two years from the date of submission of the initial
PMA application, although there is no guarantee that the timing will not be longer. 

As stated above, we anticipate
that we will seek FDA authorization to market our UroShield product via the de novo reclassification process. Medical device types that
the FDA has not previously classified as Class I, II, or III are automatically classified into Class III regardless of the level of risk
they ultimately pose to patients and/or users. The Food and Drug Administration Modernization Act of 1997 established a new route to market
for low to moderate risk medical devices that are automatically placed into Class III due to the absence of a predicate device, called
the Request for Evaluation of Automatic Class III Designation, or the de novo classification procedure. This procedure
allows a manufacturer whose novel device is automatically classified into Class III to request down-classification of its medical device
into Class I or Class II based on a benefit-risk analysis demonstrating the device actually presents low or moderate risk, rather than
requiring the submission and approval of a PMA application. Prior to the enactment of the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation
Act of 2012, or FDASIA, a medical device could only be eligible for de novo classification if the manufacturer first submitted
a 510(k) premarket notification and received a determination from the FDA that the device was not substantially equivalent. FDASIA streamlined
the de novo classification pathway by permitting manufacturers to request de novo classification directly without first
submitting a 510(k) premarket notification to the FDA and receiving a not substantially equivalent determination. If the manufacturer
seeks reclassification into Class II, the manufacturer must include a draft proposal for special controls that are necessary to provide
a reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the medical device. In addition, the FDA may reject the reclassification petition
if it identifies a legally marketed predicate device that would be appropriate for a 510(k) or determines that the device is not low-to-moderate
risk or that general controls would be inadequate to control the risks and special controls cannot be developed. De novo reclassification
requests are also subject to user fees, unless a specific exemption applies. If the device is not approved through de novo review, then
it must go through the standard PMA process for Class III devices. 

31 

Clinical
Trials of Medical Devices 

Clinical trials are almost always
required to support a PMA application and are sometimes required for a de novo classification request or 510(k) pre-market notification.
In order to conduct a clinical investigation involving human subjects for the purpose of demonstrating the safety and effectiveness of
a medical device, an investigator acting on behalf of the company must, among other things, apply for and obtain IRB approval of the proposed
investigation. In addition, if the clinical study involves a significant risk (as defined by the FDA) to human health, the
company sponsoring the investigation must also submit and obtain FDA approval of an IDE. An IDE must be supported by appropriate data,
such as animal and laboratory testing results, showing that it is safe to test the device in humans and that the testing protocol is scientifically
sound. The IDE must be approved in advance by the FDA for a specified number of study participants, unless the product is deemed a non-significant
risk device and eligible for abbreviated IDE requirements. Generally, clinical trials for a significant risk device may begin once the
IDE is approved by the FDA and the study protocol and informed consent are approved by a duly-appointed IRB at each clinical trial site. 

FDA s
IDE regulations govern investigational device labeling, prohibit promotion, and specify an array of GCP requirements, which include,
among other things, recordkeeping, reporting and monitoring responsibilities of study sponsors and study investigators. Clinical trials
must further comply with the FDA s regulations for IRB approval and for informed consent and other human subject protections. Required
records and reports are subject to inspection by the FDA. The results of clinical testing may be unfavorable or, even if the intended
safety and efficacy success criteria are achieved, may not be considered sufficient for the FDA to grant approval or clearance of a product. 

Post-Approval
Regulation of Medical Devices 

After
a device is cleared or approved for marketing, numerous and pervasive regulatory requirements continue to apply. These include: 

the FDA quality systems
 regulation, which governs, among other things, how manufacturers design, test, manufacture, exercise quality control over, and document
 manufacturing of their products; 

labeling and claims regulations,
 which prohibit the promotion of products for unapproved or off-label uses and impose other restrictions on labeling; 

if applicable, the Electronic
 Product Regulations found in 21 CFR parts 1000-1050, which provide additional requirements applicable to electronic products, including
 records and reporting requirements; and 

the Medical Device Reporting
 regulation, which requires reporting to the FDA of certain adverse experiences associated with use of the product. 

Under the FDA medical device
reporting MDR regulations, medical device manufacturers are required to report to the FDA information that a device has
or may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or has malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to
death or serious injury if the malfunction of the device or a similar device of such manufacturer were to recur. The decision to file
an MDR involves a judgment by the manufacturer. If the FDA disagrees with the manufacturer s determination, the FDA can take enforcement
action. 

Additionally, the FDA has
the authority to require the recall of commercialized products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture.
The authority to require a recall must be based on an FDA finding that there is reasonable probability that the device would cause serious
adverse health consequences or death. Manufacturers may, under their own initiative, recall a product if any distributed devices fail
to meet established specifications, are otherwise misbranded or adulterated, or if any other material deficiency is found. The FDA requires
that certain classifications of recalls be reported to the FDA within ten working days after the recall is initiated. 

The failure to comply with
applicable device regulatory requirements can result in enforcement action by the FDA, which may include any of the following sanctions: 

warning letters, fines,
injunctions, or civil penalties; 

 recalls, detentions or seizures of products; 

 operating restrictions; 

 delays in the introduction
of products into the market; 

 total or partial suspension of production; 

 delay or refusal of the FDA or other regulators to
grant 510(k) clearance or PMA approvals of new products; 

 withdrawals of marketing authorization; or 

 in the most serious cases,
criminal prosecution. 

To ensure compliance with regulatory requirements, medical device manufacturers
are subject to market surveillance and periodic, pre-scheduled and unannounced inspections by the FDA, and these inspections may include
the manufacturing facilities of subcontractors and third-party component suppliers 

Good
Manufacturing Practices Requirements 

As noted above, manufacturers
of medical devices are required to comply with the good manufacturing practices set forth in the quality system regulations promulgated
under section 520 of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act as further set forth in the Code of Federal Regulations as 21 CFR Part 820. Current
good manufacturing practices CGMP regulations require, among other things, quality control and quality assurance as well
as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. The manufacturing facility for an approved product must meet current good
manufacturing practices requirements to the satisfaction of the FDA pursuant to a pre-PMA approval inspection before the facility can
be used. Manufacturers, including third party contract manufacturers, are also subject to periodic inspections by the FDA and other authorities
to assess compliance with applicable regulations. Failure to comply with or to promptly comply with statutory and regulatory requirements
subjects a manufacturer, and possibly us, to possible legal or regulatory action, including the seizure or recall of products, injunctions,
consent decrees placing significant restrictions on or suspending manufacturing operations, and civil and criminal penalties. Adverse
experiences with the product must be reported to the FDA and could result in the imposition of marketing restrictions through labeling
changes or in product recall. Product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems
concerning safety or efficacy of the product occur following the approval. 

32 

International
Regulation 

We
are subject to regulations and product registration requirements in many foreign countries in which we may sell our products, including
in the areas of product standards, packaging requirements, labeling requirements, import and export restrictions and tariff regulations,
duties and tax requirements. The time required to obtain clearance required by foreign countries may be longer or shorter than that required
for FDA clearance, and requirements for licensing a product in a foreign country may differ significantly from UFDA requirements. 

The
primary regulatory environment in Europe is the European Union, which consists of 27 member states and 32 competent authorities encompassing
most of the major countries in Europe. In the European Union, the European Medicines Agency and the European Union Commission determined
that PainShield, UroShield, and WoundShield are to be regulated as medical device products. These products are classified as Class II
devices. These devices are CE Marked and as such can be marketed and distributed within the European Economic Area. We are required to
be recertified each year for CE by Intertek, which conducts an annual audit. The audit procedure, which includes on-site visits at our
facility, requires us to provide Intertek with information and documentation concerning our management system and all applicable documents,
policies, procedures, manuals, and other information. 

The
primary regulatory bodies and paths in Asia, Australia, and Latin America are determined by the requisite country authority. In most
cases, establishment registration and device licensing are applied for at the applicable Ministry of Health through a local intermediary.
The requirements placed on the manufacturer are typically the same as those contained in ISO 9001 or ISO 13485, requirements for quality
management systems published by the International Organization of Standardization. In some countries outside Europe, we are or will be
able to sell on the basis of our CE Mark. We have the Health for PainShield, WoundShield and UroShield, a certificate by the Israel Ministry
of Health allowing us to sell PainShield, WoundShield and UroShield in Israel, a certificate allowing us to sell PainShield in Australia,
and we are able to sell PainShield, WoundShield and UroShield in India and Ecuador based on our CE Mark. In addition, our distributor
in Korea has applied for approval to sell PainShield and UroShield. We generally apply, through our distributor, for approval in a particular
country for a particular product only when we have a distributor in place with respect to such product. 

European
Good Manufacturing Practices 

In
the European Union, the manufacture of medical devices is subject to good manufacturing practice, as set forth in the relevant laws and
guidelines of the European Union and its member states. Compliance with good manufacturing practice is generally assessed by the competent
regulatory authorities. Typically, quality system evaluation is performed by a notified body, which also recommends to the relevant competent
authority for the European Community CE Marking of a device. The competent authority may conduct inspections of relevant facilities,
and review manufacturing procedures, operating systems and personnel qualifications. In addition to obtaining approval for each product,
in many cases each device manufacturing facility must be audited on a periodic basis by the notified body. Further inspections may occur
over the life of the product. 

U.S.
Fraud and Abuse and Other Health Care Laws 

In
the United States, federal and state fraud and abuse laws prohibit the payment or receipt of kickbacks, bribes or other remuneration
intended to induce the purchase or recommendation of health care products and services. Other provisions of federal and state laws prohibit
presenting, or causing to be presented, to third party payers for reimbursement, claims that are false or fraudulent, or which are for
items or services that were not provided as claimed. In addition, other health care laws and regulations may apply, such as transparency
and reporting requirements, and privacy and security requirements. Violations of these laws can lead to civil and criminal penalties,
including exclusion from participation in federal and state health care programs. These laws are potentially applicable to manufacturers
of products regulated by the FDA as medical devices, such as us, and hospitals, physicians and other potential purchasers of such products.
The health care laws that may be applicable to our business or operations include: 

The federal Anti-Kickback
 Statute, which prohibits the offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration in return for referring, ordering,
 leasing, purchasing or arranging for, or recommending the ordering, purchasing or leasing of, items or services payable by Medicare,
 Medicaid or any other federal health care program. 

33 

Federal false claims laws
 and civil monetary penalty laws, including the False Claims Act, that prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from
 knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other government health care programs
 that are false or fraudulent, or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal
 government. 

The federal Health Insurance
 Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which prohibits knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute,
 a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises,
 any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any health care benefit program, and for knowingly and
 willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the
 delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items or services. 

HIPAA, as amended by the
 Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and its implementing regulations, which also impose obligations
 and requirements on health care providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses as well as their respective business associates
 that perform certain services for them that involve the use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information, with respect
 to safeguarding the privacy and security of certain individually identifiable health information. 

The federal transparency
 requirements under the Affordable Care Act, including the provision commonly referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act,
 which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies that are reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid
 or Children s Health Insurance Program to report annually to Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, information
 related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests held
 by physicians and their immediate family members. 

Analogous state and foreign
 laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may be broader in scope and apply to referrals and
 items or services reimbursed by both governmental and non-governmental third-party payers, including private insurers, many of which
 differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by federal law, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Manufacturing
and Suppliers 

In
December 2018, we announced we appointed Quasar Engineering Ltd, as contract manufacturer for the PainShield , UroShield and
WoundShield , as well as other devices. Following our agreement with Sanuwave, Quasar is no longer the manufacturer of the WoundShield .
Quasar is a medical device manufacturer, located in China, with over 30 years of experience, serving major brands worldwide, with complex
catheters, disposables, and FDA regulated assemblies. Starting in the fourth quarter of 2019, we started using Quasar to manufacture
all of our newly redesigned products. Quasar temporarily shut down for sixty days in early 2020, due to the COVID-19 outbreak which lead
to a significant delay in the production of goods needed to fulfill our sales orders, and became fully operational in April 2020. Presently,
we are no longer experiencing delays in the production of our products. 

Quasar
added a new manufacturing facility in Singapore late in the third quarter of 2022. Our product manufacturing moved to this plant for
final production and packaging. 

We
order certain component parts on an as-needed basis, generally from the manufacturer that provides us with the most competitive pricing.
Our most significant suppliers for these components are B Star, Inc, Plastic One, We do not have written agreements with any of these
suppliers, but we believe anyone could be easily replaced if necessary. 

Customers 

We
currently sell our products both directly, through our website, and indirectly via distribution agreements, with approximately 99 of
our sales coming through distributors and Sales Agents in 2022. We expect that percentage to decline as we enter into additional sales
agent agreements We have exclusive and non-exclusive distribution agreements for our products with medical product distributors based
in the United States, in the United Kingdom and various countries throughout Europe, India, Canada and Asia. For the year ended December
31, 2022, our two largest customers were Applied Medical Solutions LLC who comprised approximately 44 of total sales and Ultra Pain
Products Inc, who comprised approximately 36 of total sales. 

34 

We
are currently in discussions with several distribution companies with access to various markets in the United States, Europe, and Asia,
as well as Veterans Administration facilities. Our current agreements stipulate that distributors will be responsible for carrying out
local marketing activities and sales. We are responsible for training, providing marketing guidance, marketing materials, and technical
guidance. In addition, in most cases, all sales costs, including sales representatives, incentive programs, and marketing trials, will
be borne by the distributor. We expect any future distribution agreements to contain substantially similar stipulations. Under our current
agreements, distributors purchase our products from us at a fixed price. Our current agreements with distributors are generally for a
term of approximately two to three years and automatically renew for an additional annual terms unless modified by either party. 

Employees 

Our
People and Human Capital Resources 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 9 full-time employees and 5 part-time employees, which is a decrease from the 12 full-time employees and
an increase of one-part-time employee we had as of December 31, 2021, and as of March 31, 2023, we have added one additional full-time
employee in 2023. We also regularly work with several independent consultants and other contract organizations to support our business
and we regularly evaluate additional talent to help support our product manufacturing, development, financial, and other capabilities. 

Diversity
and Inclusion 

We
believe that an inclusive culture is required to understand and develop products that benefit all patients. By embracing differences,
we aim to foster an environment of respect and trust in an effort to facilitate creativity, spark passion, and help us achieve better
outcomes for all those who work at the Company. We are committed to creating and maintaining a workplace free from discrimination or
harassment, including on the basis of any class protected by applicable law, and our recruitment, hiring, development, training, compensation,
and advancement practices are based on qualifications, performance, skills, and experience without regard to gender, race, or ethnicity.
Our management team and employees are expected to exhibit and promote honest, ethical, and respectful conduct in the workplace, including
adhering to the standards for appropriate behavior set forth in our code of conduct. 

Compensation
and Benefits 

We
operate in a highly competitive environment for human capital, particularly as we seek to attract and retain talent with relevant experience
in the medical device sector. Therefore, we strive to provide a total rewards package to our employees that is competitive with our peer
companies, including competitive healthcare benefits and in certain cases, stock options. We also offer paid leave as mandated by government
regulations, flexible work schedules, and other benefits as mandated by government regulations. 

We
also offer key employees the benefit of equity ownership in NanoVibronix through stock option grants. We believe these grants both help
promote alignment between our employees and our stockholders and provide retention benefits, as the awards generally vest over a three-year
period. 

We
do not have any employees that are represented by a labor union or that have entered into a collective bargaining agreement with the
Company. 

Safety,
Wellness, and Our Response to COVID-19 

At
NanoVibronix, we believe that health matters to everyone, and the safety health, and wellness of our employees is one of our top priorities.
We are committed to developing and fostering a work environment that is safe, professional, and promotes teamwork, diversity, and trust
in order to afford all of our employees the opportunity to contribute to the best of their abilities. 

35 

During
2020 and 2021, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we took certain measures and responded to changes in our operational needs, including
actions designed to provide a safe work environment for our employees. These actions included investing in technology solutions to support
increased work-from-home capabilities, shifting work schedules to reduce the number of people present in our offices, requiring mask
wearing and social distancing, making hand sanitizer readily available, and other measures intended to comply with health and safety
protocols as required by federal, state, and local governmental agencies, as well as guidance from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention and similar public health authorities. 

Available
Information 

The
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments thereto, are
filed with the SEC. The Company is subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act and files or furnishes reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other
information filed by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge on the Company s website at nanovibronix.com, as soon
as reasonably practicable after we have electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that
contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov.
The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this filing. Further, the Company s references to website URLs are intended
to be inactive textual references only. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
 have a history of losses and we expect to continue to incur losses and may not achieve or
 maintain profitability 
 
 Increasing
 inflation could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
 or cash flows. 
 
 The
 ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has and may continue to adversely impact our business. 
 
 If
 we are unable to raise additional capital, our clinical trials and product development will
 be limited and our long-term viability will be threatened; however, if we do raise additional
 capital, your percentage ownership as a stockholder could decrease and constraints could
 be placed on the operations of our business. 
 
 If
 we fail to obtain an adequate level of reimbursement for our approved products by third party
 payers, there may be no commercially viable markets for our approved products or the markets
 may be much smaller than expected. 
 
 The
 medical device and therapeutic product industries are highly competitive and subject to rapid
 technological change. If our competitors are able to develop and market products that are
 safer and more effective than any products we may develop, our commercial opportunities will
 be reduced or eliminated. 
 
 We
 face the risk of product liability claims and may not be able to obtain insurance. 
 
 Our
 product candidates may not be developed or commercialized successfully. 
 
 If
 we fail to retain our key management, or to attract and keep additional key personnel, we
 may be unable to successfully execute our business plan. 
 
 Our
 need to increase the size of our organization in order to successfully manage our growth. 
 
 Our
 failure to protect our intellectual property rights could diminish the value of our solutions,
 weaken our competitive position and reduce our revenue. 
 
 We
 could incur substantial costs and disruption to our business as a result of any dispute related
 to, or claim of infringement of another party s intellectual property rights, which
 could harm our business and operating results. 
 
 We
 face risks associated with litigation and claims. 
 
 The
 Company s financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, and do
 not include adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a
 going concern. Management has substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
 as a going concern. 
 
 Our
 business and operations would suffer in the event of computer system failures, cyber-attacks
 or deficiencies in our cyber-security. 

36 

Risks
Related to the Regulation of Our Products 

We
 are subject to extensive governmental regulation, including the requirement of U.S. Food
 and Drug Administration approval or clearance before our product candidates may be marketed
 and after approval or clearance and during the marketing of our products. 
 
 UroShield
 has not been cleared or approved by the FDA, nor has it undergone the same type of review
 as an FDA-approved or cleared device. 
 
 Failure
 to obtain regulatory approval in foreign jurisdictions will prevent us from marketing our
 products abroad. 
 
 We
 are uncertain regarding the success of our clinical trials for our products in development. 
 
 We
 depend on Sanuwave for developing and commercializing our WoundShield technology. 
 
 Healthcare
 reform measures could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 If
 we fail to comply with the U.S. federal and state fraud and abuse and other health care laws
 and regulations, we could be subject to criminal and civil penalties and exclusion from the
 Medicare and Medicaid programs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business
 and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to our Operations in Israel 

We
 conduct our operations in Israel and therefore our results may be adversely affected by political,
 economic and military instability in Israel and its region. 
 
 Because
 a certain portion of our expenses is incurred in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, our
 results of operations may be harmed by currency fluctuations and inflation. 
 
 It
 may be difficult for investors in the United States to enforce any judgments obtained against
 us or any of our directors or officers. 

Risks
Related to Our Organization and Our Securities 

The
 price of our securities may be volatile, and the market price of our securities may drop
 below the price you pay. 
 
 We
 have a significant number of warrants and options, and future sales of our common stock upon
 exercise of these options or warrants, or the perception that future sales may occur, may
 cause the market price of our common stock to decline, even if our business is doing well. 
 
 Although
 our shares of common stock are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, we currently have a limited
 trading volume, which results in higher price volatility for, and reduced liquidity of, our
 common stock. 
 
 If
 we fail to comply with the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market, our
 common stock may be delisted and the price of our common stock and our ability to access
 the capital markets could be negatively impacted. 
 
 We
 are a smaller reporting company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements
 applicable to our filing status will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 Anti-takeover
 provisions of our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and Delaware law could make an
 acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent
 attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove the current members of our board and management. 
 
 If
 securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports or publish unfavorable
 research about our business, the price of our securities and their trading volume could decline. 
 
 We
 may be subject to ongoing restrictions related to grants from the Israeli Office of the Chief
 Scientist. 
 
 Because
 we do not expect to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future, you must rely on appreciation
 of our common stock price for any return on your investment. Even if we change that policy,
 we may be restricted from paying dividends on our common stock . 
 
 Our
 ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards and certain other tax attributes may
 be limited. 
 
 If
 we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our business, financial
 condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. 

37 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
have a history of losses and we expect to continue to incur losses and may not achieve or maintain profitability. 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 we had a net loss of approximately 5.4 million, with revenues of approximately 0.8 million.
As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 62.4 million. We expect to incur losses for at least the next
year, as we continue to incur expenses related to seeking U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA approval for UroShield,
and market acceptance of PainShield, which will require costly additional clinical trials and research, further product development and
professional fees associated with regulatory compliance. Even if we succeed in commercializing our new products, we may not be able to
generate sufficient revenues to cover our expenses and achieve profitability or be able to maintain profitability. 

Global
economic and political instability and conflicts, such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, could adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

Our
business could be adversely affected by unstable economic and political conditions within the United States and foreign jurisdictions
and geopolitical conflicts, such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. While we do not have any customer or direct supplier relationships
in either country at this time, the current military conflict, and related sanctions, as well as export controls or actions that may
be initiated by nations including the United States, the European Union or Russia (e.g., potential cyberattacks, disruption of energy
flows, etc.) and other potential uncertainties could adversely affect our business and/or our supply chain, business partners, employees
or customers, and interrupt our ability to supply products, or otherwise adversely impact our business. 

Increasing
inflation could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Inflation,
as well as some of the measures taken by or that may be taken by the governments in countries where we operate in an attempt to curb
inflation may have negative effects on the economies of those countries generally. If the United States or other countries where we operate
experience substantial inflation in the future, our business may be adversely affected. This could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Specifically, our existing distributor agreements limit the
amount that we can increase the price that we sell our products to the distributors. Accordingly, an inflationary environment, including
factors such as increasing freight and materials prices, could make it less profitable for us to do business. 

The
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has and may continue to adversely impact our business. 

The
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has and may continue to adversely impact our business, as our operations are based in and rely on third parties
located in countries affected by the pandemic. Our third-party manufacturer, which is based in China, temporarily shut down for sixty
days during 2020 due to the pandemic and became fully operational in April 2020 which led to a significant delay in the production of
goods needed to fulfill our sales orders which were scheduled to be fulfilled in our first quarter of 2020. We were able to fulfill these
orders in the second quarter of 2020. Additionally, the notified regulatory body we rely on to obtain European CE approval is located
in Italy and was shut down for approximately six weeks from March to April 2020, which delayed our submission for CE mark approval for
the year 2020. The CE Mark approval was subsequently approved in April 2020. The various precautionary measures taken by many governmental
authorities around the world in order to limit the spread of COVID-19 have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on the global
markets and global economy, including on the availability and pricing of employees, resources, materials, manufacturing and delivery
efforts and other aspects of the global economy. The financial downturn had compelled us to furlough or reduce working hours for much
of our operating staff in 2020, and continue to force remaining staff as well as third-party contractors, to work remotely from time
to time. In addition, many staff members continue to operate remotely from their homes, which is continuing to result in delays in obtaining
certain financial records. We also rely on third-party professionals to provide services such as the preparation of our financial statements
and to conduct audits, and many of these parties have been affected by government-imposed precautionary measures, thereby delaying our
receipt of these services. Such government-imposed precautionary measures may have been relaxed in certain countries or states, but there
is no assurance that more strict measures will be put in place again due to a resurgence in COVID-19 cases. Therefore, the COVID-19 pandemic
has and may again disrupt production and cause delays in the development, supply and delivery of our products, our operation, further
divert the attention and efforts of the medical community coping with COVID-19 and disrupt the marketplace in which we operate. The extent
to which COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including
new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19, its variants and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact,
among others. The COVID-19 pandemic could continue to materially disrupt our business and operations, hamper our ability to raise additional
funds or sell or securities, continue to slow down the overall economy, curtail consumer spending, interrupt our sources of supply, and
make it hard to adequately staff our operations. 

38 

If
we are unable to raise additional capital, our clinical trials and product development will be limited and our long-term viability will
be threatened; however, if we do raise additional capital, your percentage ownership as a stockholder could decrease and constraints
could be placed on the operations of our business. 

We
have experienced negative operating cash flows since our inception and have funded our operations primarily from proceeds of the sale
of our securities, with only limited revenue being generated from our product sales. In order to fully realize our business objectives,
we may need to raise additional capital. We will seek to raise such additional funds through equity or debt financings, or strategic
alliances with third parties, either alone or in combination with equity financings. These financings could result in substantial dilution
to the holders of our common stock, or require contractual or other restrictions on our operations or on alternatives that may be available
to us. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt securities, these debt securities could impose significant restrictions on our operations
through the imposition of restrictive covenants and requiring us to pledge assets in order to secure repayment. In addition, if we raise
funds through the sale of equity, we may issue equity securities with rights superior to our common stock, including voting rights, rights
to proceeds upon our liquidation or sale, rights to dividends and rights to appoint board members. There can be no assurance that we
will be able to complete a required financing on acceptable terms or at all. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms,
or is not available in sufficient amounts, we may be required to delay, limit or eliminate the development of business opportunities.
The failure to procure such required financing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations, or threaten our ability to continue as a going concern. 

A
variety of factors could impact the timing and amount of any required financings, including, without limitation: 

unforeseen developments
 during our clinical trials; 

delays in our receipt of
 required regulatory approvals; 

delayed market acceptance
 of our products; 

unanticipated expenditures
 in our acquisition and defense of intellectual property rights, and/or the loss of those rights; 

the failure to develop
 strategic alliances for the marketing of some of our product candidates; 

unforeseen changes in healthcare
 reimbursement for any of our approved products; 

lack of financial resources
 to adequately support our operations; 

difficulties in maintaining
 commercial scale manufacturing capacity and capability; 

unanticipated difficulties
 in operating in international markets; 

unanticipated financial
 resources needed to respond to technological changes and increased competition; 

unforeseen problems in
 attracting and retaining qualified personnel; 

enactment of new legislation
 or administrative regulations; 

the application to our
 business of new regulatory interpretations; 

claims that might be brought
 in excess of our insurance coverage; 

the failure to comply with
 regulatory guidelines; and 

the uncertainty in industry
 demand; 

the delisting of our common
 stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market; and 

the geographic, social
 and economic impact of COVID-19 on the Company s business operations. 

Any
required financing efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect its ability to develop
and commercialize our products Moreover, if we complete additional financing by issuing equity securities, the percentage ownership of
its existing stockholders may be reduced, and accordingly these stockholders may experience substantial dilution. Given our need for
cash and that equity issuances are the most common type of fundraising for similarly situated companies, the risk of dilution is particularly
significant for our stockholders. 

39 

In
addition, although we have no present commitments or understandings to do so, we may seek to expand our operations and product lines
through acquisitions or joint ventures. Any acquisition or joint venture would likely increase our capital requirements. 

If
we fail to obtain an adequate level of reimbursement for our approved products by third party payers, there may be no commercially viable
markets for our approved products or the markets may be much smaller than expected. 

The
availability and levels of reimbursement by governmental and other third party payers affect the market for our commercial products. The
efficacy, safety, performance and cost-effectiveness of our product and product candidates, and of any competing products, will determine
the availability and level of reimbursement. Reimbursement and healthcare payment systems vary significantly by country, and include
both government sponsored healthcare and private insurance. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be
required to produce clinical data, which may involve one or more clinical trials, that compares the cost-effectiveness of our approved
products to other available therapies. We may not obtain reimbursement or pricing approvals in markets we seek to enter in a timely manner,
if at all. Our failure to receive reimbursement or pricing approvals in target markets would negatively impact market acceptance of our
products in these jurisdictions, placing us at a material cost disadvantage to our competitors. 

Even
if we obtain reimbursement approvals for our products, we believe that, in the future, reimbursement for any of our products or product
candidates may be subject to increased restrictions both in the United States and in international markets. Future legislation, regulation
or policies of third party payers that limit reimbursement may adversely affect the demand for our products currently under development
and our ability to sell our products on a profitable basis. In addition, third party payers continually attempt to contain or reduce
the costs of healthcare by challenging the prices charged for healthcare products and services. 

In
the United States, specifically, health care providers, such as hospitals and clinics, and individual patients, generally rely on third-party
payers. Third-party reimbursement is dependent upon decisions by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, contracted Medicare
carriers or intermediaries, individual managed care organizations, private insurers, other governmental health programs and other payers
of health care costs. Failure to receive or maintain favorable coding, coverage and reimbursement determinations for our products by
these organizations could discourage medical practitioners from using or prescribing our products due to their costs. In addition, with
recent federal and state government initiatives directed at lowering the total cost of health care, the U.S. Congress and state legislatures
will likely continue to focus on health care reform including the reform of the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and on the cost of medical
products and services, which could limit reimbursement. Additionally, third-party payers are increasingly challenging the prices charged
for medical products and services, and imposing conditions on payment. We may be unable to sell our products on a profitable basis if
third-party payers deny coverage, provide low reimbursement rates or reduce their current levels of reimbursement. 

The
medical device and therapeutic product industries are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change. If our competitors
are able to develop and market products that are safer and more effective than any products we may develop, our commercial opportunities
will be reduced or eliminated. 

Our
success depends, in part, upon our ability to maintain a competitive position in the development of technologies and products. We face
competition from established medical device companies, such as Neurometrix Inc., Zetrox, Kinetic Concepts, Inc., (a subsidiary of the
3M Company) and Smith Nephew plc, manufacturers of certain portable ultrasound devices capable of self-administered use, as well
as from academic institutions, government agencies, and private and public research institutions in the United States and abroad. Most,
if not all, of our principal competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise than we do in research and development,
manufacturing, pre-clinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, marketing approved products, protecting
and defending their intellectual property rights and designing around the intellectual property rights of others. Other small or early-stage
companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements, or mergers with, or acquisitions
by, large and established companies, or through the development of novel products and technologies. 

40 

The
industry in which we operate has undergone, and we expect it to continue to undergo, rapid and significant technological change, and
we expect competition to intensify as technological advances are made. Our competitors may be able to respond to changes in technology
or the marketplace faster than us. Our competitors may develop and commercialize medical devices that are safer or more effective or
are less expensive than any products that we may develop. We also compete with our competitors in recruiting and retaining qualified
scientific and management personnel, in establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, and in acquiring
technologies complementary to our programs or advantageous to our business. Given our small size and lack of resources, we are often
at a disadvantage with our competitors in all of these areas, which could limit or eliminate our commercial opportunities. 

We
face the risk of product liability claims and may not be able to obtain insurance. 

Our
business exposes us to the risk of product liability claims that are inherent in the development of medical devices and products. If
the use of one or more of our products harms people, we may be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims brought against
us by clinical trial participants, consumers, health care providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling our products. We currently
carry clinical trial and product liability insurance for the products we sell. However, we cannot predict all of the possible harms or
side effects that may result and, therefore, the amount of insurance coverage we hold may not be adequate to cover all liabilities we
might incur. We intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of additional commercial products as we obtain marketing
approval for our product candidates in development and as our sales expand, but we may be unable to obtain commercially reasonable product
liability insurance for such products. If we are unable to obtain insurance at an acceptable cost or otherwise protect against potential
product liability claims and we continue to make sales, or if our coverages turns out to be insufficient, we may be exposed to significant
liabilities, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial position. If we are sued for any injury allegedly caused
by our products and do not have sufficient insurance coverage, our liability could exceed our total assets and our ability to pay the
liability. A product liability claim or series of claims brought against us would decrease our cash and could reduce our value or marketability. 

Our
product candidates may not be developed or commercialized successfully. 

Our
product candidates are based on a technology that has not been used previously in the manner we propose and must compete with more established
treatments currently accepted as the standards of care. Market acceptance of our products will largely depend on our ability to demonstrate
their relative safety, efficacy, cost-effectiveness and ease of use. 

We
are subject to the risks that: 

the FDA or a foreign regulatory
 authority finds our product candidates ineffective or unsafe; 

we do not receive necessary
 regulatory approvals; 

the regulatory review and
 approval process may take much longer than anticipated, requiring additional time, effort and expense to respond to regulatory comments
 and/or directives; 

we are unable to get our
 product candidates in commercial quantities at reasonable costs; and 

the patient and physician
 community does not accept our product candidates. 

In
addition, our product development program may be curtailed, redirected, eliminated or delayed at any time for many reasons, including: 

adverse or ambiguous results; 

undesirable side effects
 that delay or extend the trials; 

the inability to locate,
 recruit, qualify and retain a sufficient number of clinical investigators or patients for our trials; and 

regulatory delays or other
 regulatory actions. 

Additionally,
we currently have limited experience in marketing or selling our products, and we have a limited marketing and sales staff and distribution
capabilities. Developing a marketing and sales force is time-consuming and will involve the investment of significant amounts of financial
and management resources, and could delay the launch of new products or expansion of existing product sales. In addition, we compete
with many companies that currently have extensive and well-funded marketing and sales operations. If we fail to establish successful
marketing and sales capabilities or fail to enter into successful marketing arrangements with third parties, our ability to generate
revenues will suffer. 

41 

Furthermore,
even if we enter into marketing and distributing arrangements with third parties, we may have limited or no control over the sales, marketing
and distribution activities of these third parties, and these third parties may not be successful or effective in selling and marketing
our products. If we fail to create successful and effective marketing and distribution channels, our ability to generate revenue and
achieve our anticipated growth could be adversely affected. If these distributors experience financial or other difficulties, sales of
our products could be reduced, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 

We
cannot predict whether we will successfully develop and commercialize our product candidates. If we fail to do so, we will not be able
to generate substantial revenues, if any. 

If
we fail to retain our key management, or to attract and keep additional key personnel, we may be unable to successfully execute our business
plan. 

Our
success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management and personnel. As a small company with nine
full-time employees and five contract employees, our success depends on the continuing contributions of our management team and qualified
personnel and on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel. We face intense competition in our hiring efforts from
other medical device companies, as well as from universities and nonprofit research organizations, and we may have to pay higher salaries
to attract and retain qualified personnel. We are also at a disadvantage in recruiting and retaining key personnel as our small size
and limited resources may be viewed as providing a less stable environment, with fewer opportunities than would be the case at one of
our larger competitors. The loss of one or more of these individuals, or our inability to attract additional qualified personnel, could
substantially impair our ability to implement our business plan. In addition, the replacement of key personnel likely would involve significant
time and costs, and may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. 

Our
need to increase the size of our organization in order to successfully manage our growth. 

We
are a clinical-stage company with a small number of planned employees, and our management systems currently in place are not likely to
be adequate to support our future growth plans. Our ability to grow and to manage our growth effectively will require us to hire, train,
retain, manage and motivate additional employees and to implement and improve its operational, financial and management systems. These
demands also may require the hiring of additional senior management personnel or the development of additional expertise by our senior
management personnel. Hiring a significant number of additional employees, particularly those at the management level, would increase
our expenses significantly. Moreover, if we fail to expand and enhance its operational, financial and management systems in conjunction
with its potential future growth, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Our
failure to protect our intellectual property rights could diminish the value of our solutions, weaken our competitive position and reduce
our revenue. 

We
regard the protection of our intellectual property, which includes patents and patent applications, trade secrets, trademarks and domain
names, as critical to our success. We strive to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state and common law
rights, as well as contractual restrictions. We enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants
and contractors, and confidentiality agreements with parties with whom we conduct business in order to limit access to, and disclosure
and use of, our proprietary information. However, these contractual arrangements and the other steps we have taken to protect our intellectual
property may not prevent the misappropriation of our proprietary information or deter independent development of similar technologies
by others. 

42 

We
have patents, as well as pending patent applications, in both the United States and relevant foreign jurisdictions. There can be no assurance
that our patent applications will be approved, that any patents issued will adequately protect our intellectual property, or that these
patents will not be challenged by third parties or found to be invalid or unenforceable or that our patents would prevent a competitor
from designing around our claims in our patents. We have also obtained trademark registration in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions.
Effective trade secret, trademark and patent protection is expensive to develop and maintain, both in terms of initial and ongoing registration
requirements and the costs of defending our rights. We may be required to protect our intellectual property in an increasing number of
jurisdictions, a process that is expensive and may not be successful or which we may not pursue in every location. We may, over time,
increase our investment in protecting our intellectual property through additional patent filings that could be expensive and time-consuming. 

We
have granted US issued patents, as well as issued patents in Europe and China and a number of corresponding foreign patents in other
relevant jurisdictions, covering UROSHIELD devices and have expiration dates ranging from May of 2023 to July of 2030. We also have
pending patent applications related to UROSHIELD devices, which would have expected expiration dates, if granted, ranging from December
of 2041 to March of 2044. 

Granted
patents related to PAINSHIELD , PAINSHIELD PLUS TM , WOUNDSHIELD have expiration dates of August
of 2033 in the United States, and February of 2027 in Europe, China and Israel. We also have pending patent applications related to PAINSHIELD ,
PAINSHIELD PLUS TM , WOUNDSHIELD devices, which would have expected expiration dates, if granted, ranging from
September of 2040 to December of 2041. 

Monitoring
unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult and costly. Our efforts to protect our proprietary rights may not be adequate
to prevent misappropriation of our intellectual property. We may not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps
to enforce, our intellectual property rights. Further, our competitors may independently develop technologies that are similar to ours
but which avoid the scope of our intellectual property rights. Further, the laws in the United States and elsewhere change rapidly, and
any future changes could adversely affect us and our intellectual property. Our failure to meaningfully protect our intellectual property
could result in competitors offering solutions that incorporate our most technologically advanced features, which could seriously reduce
demand for our products. In addition, we may in the future need to initiate infringement claims or litigation. Litigation, whether as
a plaintiff or a defendant, can be expensive, time-consuming and may divert the efforts of our technical staff and managerial personnel,
which could harm our business, whether or not the litigation results in a determination that is unfavorable to us. In addition, litigation
is inherently uncertain, and thus we may not be able to stop our competitors from infringing our intellectual property rights. 

We
could incur substantial costs and disruption to our business as a result of any dispute related to, or claim of infringement of another
party s intellectual property rights, which could harm our business and operating results. 

In
recent years, there has been significant litigation in the United States over patents and other intellectual property rights. From time
to time, we may face allegations that we or customers who use our products have infringed the trademarks, copyrights, patents and other
intellectual property rights of third parties, including allegations made by our competitors or by non-practicing entities, or that we
or our customers have misappropriated the intellectual property rights of such third parties. We cannot predict whether assertions of
third party intellectual property rights or claims arising from these assertions will substantially harm our business and operating results.
If we are forced to defend any infringement or misappropriation claims or attacks on the validity of our intellectual property rights,
whether they are with or without merit or are ultimately determined in our favor, we may face costly litigation and diversion of technical
and management personnel. Most of our competitors have substantially greater resources than we do and are able to sustain the cost of
complex intellectual property litigation to a greater extent and for longer periods of time than we could. Furthermore, an adverse outcome
of a dispute may require us, among other things: to pay damages, potentially including treble damages and attorneys fees, if we
are found to have willfully infringed a party s patent or other intellectual property rights; to cease making, licensing or using
products that are alleged to incorporate or make use of the intellectual property of others; to expend additional development resources
to redesign our products; and to enter into potentially unfavorable royalty or license agreements in order to obtain the rights to use
necessary technologies. Royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may be unavailable on terms acceptable to us, or at all. In any
event, we may need to license intellectual property which would require us to pay royalties or make one-time payments. Even if these
matters do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor or without significant cash settlements, the time and resources necessary
to resolve them could harm our business, operating results, financial condition and reputation. 

43 

We
face risks associated with litigation and claims. 

We
may, in the future, be involved in one or more lawsuits, claims or other proceedings. These suits could concern issues including contract
disputes, employment actions, employee benefits, taxes, environmental, health and safety, fraud and abuse, personal injury and product
liability matters. 

On
February 26, 2021, Protrade Systems, Inc. Protrade filed a Request for Arbitration (the Request with the
International Court of Arbitration (the ICA of the International Chamber of Commerce alleging the Company is in breach
of an Exclusive Distribution Agreement dated March 7, 2019 (the Agreement between Protrade and the Company. Protrade alleges,
in part, that the Company has breached the Agreement by discontinuing the manufacture of the DV0057 Painshield MD device in favor of
an updated 10-100-001 Painshield MD device. While the Company has vigorously defended the claims asserted by Protrade, the litigation
is ongoing and we may be subject to other lawsuits, claims, or proceedings. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings Protrade Proceeding 
for a full description of the Protrade proceeding. 

The
Company s financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, and do not include adjustments that might be necessary
if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Management has substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of
assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s
cash used in operations was 7,035 leaving a cash balance of 2,713 as of December 31, 2022. Because the Company does not have sufficient
resources to fund our operations for the next twelve months from the date of this filing, management has substantial doubt of the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of asset amounts or the classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern. 

The
Company will need to raise additional capital to finance its losses and negative cash flows from operations and may continue to be dependent
on additional capital raising as long as our products do not reach commercial profitability. There are no assurances that the Company
would be able to raise additional capital on terms favorable to it. If the Company is unsuccessful in commercializing its products and
raising capital, it will need to reduce activities, curtail, or cease operations. 

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of computer system failures, cyber-attacks or deficiencies in our cyber-security. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, research data, our proprietary
business information and that of our suppliers, technical information about our products, clinical trial plans and employee records.
Similarly, our third-party providers possess certain of our sensitive data and confidential information. The secure maintenance of this
information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer
systems, and those of third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, malware, ransomware, cyber fraud,
natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the Internet, attachments
to emails, persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside our organization. The risk of a security breach
or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists,
has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased.
Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, encrypted, lost
or stolen. Any such access, inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information or other loss of information, including
our data being breached at third-party providers, could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or financial loss under laws
that protect the privacy of personal information, disruption of our operations or our product development programs and damage to our
reputation, which could adversely affect our business. 

44 

Risks
Related to the Regulation of Our Products 

We
are subject to extensive governmental regulation, including the requirement of U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval or clearance
before our product candidates may be marketed and after approval or clearance and during the marketing of our products. 

The
process of obtaining FDA approval is lengthy, expensive and uncertain, and we cannot be sure that our additional product candidates will
be approved in a timely fashion, or at all. If the FDA does not approve or clear our product candidates in a timely fashion, or at all,
our business and financial condition would likely be adversely affected. 

Both
before and after approval or clearance of our product candidates, we, our product candidates, our suppliers and our contract manufacturers
are subject to extensive regulation by governmental authorities in the United States and other countries. Failure to comply with applicable
requirements could result in, among other things, any of the following actions: 

FDA issuance of Form 483
 or Warning Letters, which may be made public and may lead to further regulatory or enforcement actions, or similar letters by other
 regulatory authorities; 

fines and other monetary
 penalties; 

unanticipated expenditures; 

delays in FDA approval
 and clearance, or FDA refusal to approve or clear a product candidate; 

product recall or seizure; 

interruption of manufacturing
 or clinical trials; 

operating restrictions; 

injunction or other restrictions
 imposed on our operations, including closing our facilities or our contract manufacturers facilities; or 

criminal prosecutions. 

In
addition to the approval and clearance requirements, numerous other regulatory requirements apply, both before and after approval or
clearance, to us, our products and product candidates, and our suppliers and contract manufacturers. These include requirements related
to the following: 

testing
and quality control; 

manufacturing; 

quality
 assurance; 

labeling; 

advertising; 

promotion (including the
 prohibition on promoting devices for off-label uses); 

distribution; 

export; 

reporting to the FDA certain
 adverse experiences associated with the use of the products, as well as our discovery of defects or a product s failure to
 comply with design specifications or applicable law; and 

obtaining additional approvals
 or clearances for certain modifications to the products or their labeling or claims. 

We
are also subject to inspection by the FDA to determine our compliance with regulatory requirements, as are our suppliers and contract
manufacturers, and we cannot be sure that the FDA will not identify compliance issues that may disrupt production or distribution, or
require substantial resources to correct. We also cannot be sure that the FDA will agree with our analysis of, conclusions regarding,
or handling of various situations that arise with our products. If it is determined that we failed to comply with any of our regulatory
obligations, we could be subject to a wide range of enforcement actions that could limit our ability to continue to successfully commercialize
impacted products or otherwise adversely impact us. 

The
FDA s requirements may change and additional government regulations may be promulgated that could affect us, our product candidates,
and our suppliers and contract manufacturers. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise
from future legislation or administrative action. There can be no assurance that we will not be required to incur significant costs to
comply with such laws and regulations in the future, or that such laws or regulations will not have a material adverse effect upon our
business. 

45 

UroShield
has not been cleared or approved by the FDA, nor has it undergone the same type of review as an FDA-approved or cleared device. 

In September 2020, the FDA exercised
its Enforcement Discretion to allow distribution of our UroShield device in the United States. This temporary authorization is limited
to use as an extracorporeal acoustic wave generating accessory to urological indwelling catheter for use during the COVID-19 pandemic.
The U.S. government has since-terminated the public health emergency, and FDA recently confirmed via guidance that the applicable policy
of Enforcement Discretion under which UroShield was maketed during the pandemic will expire in November 2023. Accordingly, if we do not
obtain FDA approval or clearance by the expiration of the applicable Enforcement Discretion policy in November 2023, we will have to discontinue
distribution of UroShield in the U.S. until FDA grants the requisite premarket authorization, which may not occur in a timely manner,
if at all. There is no guarantee that our collaborators or customers will purchase or use the UroShield, that any sales of UroShield by
us will generate any revenue or profits, or that we will ever be successful in obtaining FDA clearance or approval for the UroShield. 

Failure
to obtain regulatory approval in foreign jurisdictions will prevent us from marketing our products abroad. 

International
sales of our products and any of our product candidates that we commercialize are subject to the regulatory requirements of each country
in which the products are sold. Accordingly, the introduction of our product candidates in markets outside the United States where we
do not already possess regulatory approval will be subject to regulatory approvals in those jurisdictions. The regulatory review process
varies from country to country. Many countries impose product standards, packaging and labeling requirements, and import restrictions
on medical devices. In addition, each country has its own tariff regulations, duties and tax requirements, as well as reimbursement and
healthcare payment systems. The approval by foreign government authorities is unpredictable and uncertain, and can be expensive. We may
be required to perform additional pre-clinical, clinical or post-approval studies even if FDA approval has been obtained. Our ability
to market our approved products could be substantially limited due to delays in receipt of, or failure to receive, the necessary approvals
or clearances. 

We
are uncertain regarding the success of our clinical trials for our products in development. 

We
believe that all of our novel lines of product candidates in development, which currently consists of only RenooSkin, will require
clinical trials to determine their safety and efficacy by regulatory bodies in their target markets, including the FDA and various
foreign regulators. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully complete the U.S. and foreign regulatory approval
processes for products in development. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter additional problems that
will cause us to delay, suspend or terminate our clinical trials. In addition, we cannot make any assurance that clinical trials
will be deemed sufficient in size and scope to satisfy regulatory approval requirements, or, if completed, will ultimately
demonstrate our products to be safe and efficacious. 

We
depend on Sanuwave for developing and commercializing our WoundShield technology. 

In
March 2020, we entered into a license agreement with Sanuwave for the manufacture and delivery of our WoundShield technology. Under this
agreement, Sanuwave has received the worldwide, exclusive rights to our WoundShield technology. Sanuwave will bear the cost and clinical
validation responsibilities associated with obtaining approval for WoundShield from the FDA and other regulatory agencies around the
world. Sanuwave is also responsible for manufacturing and commercializing the WoundShield product and technology. Our right to receive
a milestone payment under the license agreement depends on the achievement of FDA approval by Sanuwave and our ability to receive royalties
under the agreement depends on Sanuwave s successful commercialization of the WoundShield product and technology. 

The
development and commercialization of the WoundShield product and technology and our ability to receive a potential milestone and royalty
payments under the license agreement with Sanuwave, could be adversely affected if Sanuwave: 

lacks or does not devote sufficient time and resources to the
development and commercialization of the WoundShield product and technology; 

lacks or does not devote sufficient capital to fund the development
and commercialization of the WoundShield product and technology; 

develops, either alone or with others, products that compete
with the WoundShield product and technology; 

fails to gain the requisite regulatory approvals for the WoundShield
product and technology; 

does not successfully commercialize the WoundShield product
and technology; 

46 

does not conduct its activities in a timely manner; 

terminates its license with us; or 

does not effectively pursue and enforce intellectual property
rights relating to the WoundShield product and technology. 

We
have limited or no control over the occurrence of any of the foregoing. Furthermore, disagreements with Sanuwave could lead to disputes,
which could be time-consuming and expensive. If any of these issues arise, it may delay the development and commercialization milestone
and royalties based on further development and sales of the WoundShield product and technology. 

Healthcare
reform measures could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

In
the United States, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare
system in ways that may adversely affect our business and financial results. Federal and state lawmakers regularly propose and, at times,
enact legislation that could result in significant changes to the healthcare system, some of which are intended to contain or reduce
the costs of medical products and services. Current and future legislative proposals to further reform healthcare or reduce healthcare
costs may limit coverage of or lower reimbursement for our products. The cost containment measures that payers and providers are instituting
and the effect of any healthcare reform initiative implemented in the future could impact our revenue from the sale of our products.
For example, the Patient Protection and Affordable Act of 2010, commonly referred to as the Affordable Care Act, contains a number of
provisions, including those governing enrollment in federal healthcare programs, reimbursement changes and fraud and abuse measures,
all of which will impact existing government healthcare programs and will result in the development of new programs. 

There have been executive, judicial
and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act for over a decade. However, as of the Supreme Court s
ruling ordering the dismissal of, arguably, the most promising case challenging the Affordable Care Act to-date in June 2021, it appears
that the Affordable Care Act will remain in-effect in its current form for the foreseeable future. We cannot predict what additional challenges
to the Affordable Care Act may arise in the future, the outcome thereof, or the impact any such actions may have on our business. Additionally,
the Biden administration has introduced various measures in recent years, focusing on healthcare and medical-product pricing, in particular.
It remains to be seen how these measures will affect our business and there is uncertainty as to what other healthcare programs and regulations
may be implemented or changed at the federal and/or state level in the U.S., but it is possible that such initiatives could have an adverse
effect on our ability to obtain FDA approval or clearance and/or successfully commercialize products in the U.S. in the future. For example,
any changes that reduce, or impede the ability of healthcare providers to obtain reimbursement for medical procedures in which the products
we currently, or intend to, commercialize are used, or that reduce medical procedure volumes, could adversely affect our operations and/or
future business plans. The financial impact of U.S. healthcare reform legislation over the next few years will depend on a number of factors,
including the policies reflected in implementing regulations and guidance and changes in sales volumes for medical devices affected by
the legislation. From time to time, legislation is drafted, introduced, and passed that could significantly change the statutory provisions
governing coverage, reimbursement, pricing, and marketing of medical device products. In addition, third-party payor coverage and reimbursement
policies are often revised or interpreted in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. 

47 

If
we fail to comply with the U.S. federal and state fraud and abuse and other health care laws and regulations, we could be subject to
criminal and civil penalties and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, which would have a material adverse effect on our
business and results of operations. 

All
of our financial relationships with health care providers and others who provide products or services to federal health care program
beneficiaries are potentially governed by the federal and state fraud and abuse laws, and other health care laws and regulations may
be or become applicable to our business and operations and expose us to risk. For example: 

The federal Anti-Kickback
 Statute, which prohibits the offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration in return for referring, ordering,
 leasing, purchasing or arranging for, or recommending the ordering, purchasing or leasing of, items or services payable by Medicare,
 Medicaid or any other federal health care program. 

Federal false claims laws
 and civil monetary penalty laws, including the False Claims Act, that prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from
 knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other government health care programs
 that are false or fraudulent, or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal
 government. 

The federal Health Insurance
 Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which prohibits knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute,
 a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises,
 any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any health care benefit program, and for knowingly and
 willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the
 delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items or services. 

HIPAA, as amended by the
 Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and its implementing regulations, which also impose obligations
 and requirements on health care providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses as well as their respective business associates
 that perform certain services for them that involve the use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information, with respect
 to safeguarding the privacy and security of certain individually identifiable health information. 

The federal transparency
 requirements under the Affordable Care Act, including the provision commonly referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act,
 which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies that are reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid
 or Children s Health Insurance Program to report annually to Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, information
 related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests held
 by physicians and their immediate family members. 

Analogous state and foreign
 laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may be broader in scope and apply to referrals and
 items or services reimbursed by both governmental and non-governmental third-party payers, including private insurers, many of which
 differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by federal law, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

48 

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our
business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. In addition, recent health care reform legislation
has strengthened these laws. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties and our operations are compliant with
applicable health care laws and regulations will involve the expenditure of appropriate, and possibly significant, resources. If we are
found to be in violation of any current or future statutes or regulations involving applicable fraud and abuse or other health care laws
and regulations, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment,
exclusion from government funded health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished
profits and future earnings, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
If any physicians or other health care providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found to not be in compliance with
applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded health
care programs, which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 

Risks
Related to our Operations in Israel 

We
conduct our operations in Israel and therefore our results may be adversely affected by political, economic and military instability
in Israel and its region. 

Our
principal offices and manufacturing facilities are located in Israel and most of our officers and employees are residents of Israel.
Accordingly, political, economic and military conditions in Israel and the surrounding region may directly affect our business. Since
the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its Arab neighbors.
Any hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade within Israel or between Israel and its trading partners
could adversely affect our operations and results of operations and could make it more difficult for us to raise capital. Civil unrest
and political turbulence has occurred in other countries in the region, including Syria which shares a common border with Israel, and
is affecting the political stability of those countries. The civil war that has been ongoing in Syria has escalated, and this instability
and any intervention may lead to additional conflicts in the region. In addition, Iran has threatened to attack Israel and is widely
believed to be developing nuclear weapons. Iran also has a strong influence among extremist groups in the region. These situations may
potentially escalate in the future to more violent events which may affect Israel and our operations. Any armed conflicts, terrorist
activities or political instability in the region could adversely affect business conditions and could harm our results of operations.
For example, any major escalation in hostilities in the region could result in a portion of our employees being called up to perform
military duty for an extended period of time. Our operations could be disrupted by the absence of a significant number of our employees.
Parties with whom we do business have sometimes declined to travel to Israel during periods of heightened unrest or tension, forcing
us to make alternative arrangements when necessary. In addition, the political and security situation in Israel may result in parties
with whom we have agreements involving performance in Israel claiming that they are not obligated to perform their commitments under
those agreements pursuant to force majeure provisions in such agreements. 

Our
commercial insurance does not cover losses that may occur as a result of events associated with the security situation in the Middle
East. Although the Israeli government currently covers the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused by terrorist attacks
or acts of war, we cannot assure you that this government coverage will be maintained. Any losses or damages incurred by us could have
a material adverse effect on our business. Any armed conflicts or political instability in the region would likely negatively affect
business conditions and could harm our results of operations. 

Further,
in the past, the State of Israel and Israeli companies have been subjected to an economic boycott. Several countries still restrict business
and trade activity with the State of Israel and with Israeli companies. These restrictive laws and policies may have an adverse impact
on our operating results, financial condition or the expansion of our business. 

Because
a certain portion of our expenses is incurred in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, our results of operations may be harmed by currency
fluctuations and inflation. 

We
expect our revenues from future licensing agreements to be denominated mainly in U.S. dollars or in Euros. We pay a substantial portion
of our expenses in U.S. dollars; however, a portion of our expenses, related to salaries of the employees in Israel and payment to part
of the service providers in Israel and other territories, are paid in New Israeli Shekels, or NIS, and in other currencies. In addition,
a portion of our financial assets is held in NIS and in other currencies. As a result, we are exposed to the currency fluctuation risks,
and we do not attempt to hedge against such risks. For example, if the NIS strengthens against the U.S. dollar, our reported expenses
in U.S. dollars may be higher than anticipated. In addition, if the NIS weakens against the U.S. dollar, the U.S. dollar value of our
financial assets held in NIS will decline. 

49 

It
may be difficult for investors in the United States to enforce any judgments obtained against us or any of our directors or officers. 

Almost
all of our assets are located outside the United States, although we do maintain a permanent place of business within the United States.
In addition, some of our officers and directors are nationals and/or residents of countries other than the United States, and all or
a substantial portion of such persons assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors
to enforce within the United States any judgments obtained against us or any of our non-U.S. directors or officers, including judgments
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. Additionally, it may
be difficult to assert U.S. securities law claims in actions originally instituted outside of the United States. Israeli courts may refuse
to hear a U.S. securities law claim because Israeli courts may not be the most appropriate forums in which to bring such a claim. Even
if an Israeli court agrees to hear a claim, it may determine that the Israeli law, and not U.S. law, is applicable to the claim. Further,
if U.S. law is found to be applicable, certain content of applicable U.S. law must be proved as a fact, which can be a time-consuming
and costly process, and certain matters of procedure would still be governed by the Israeli law. Consequently, you may be effectively
prevented from pursuing remedies under U.S. federal and state securities laws against us or any of our non-U.S. directors or officers. 

Risks
Related to Our Organization and Our Securities 

The
price of our securities may be volatile, and the market price of our securities may drop below the price you pay. 

We
expect that the price of our securities will fluctuate significantly. Market prices for securities of early-stage medical device companies
have historically been particularly volatile. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere
in this report, these factors include: 

progress, or lack of progress,
 in developing and commercializing our products; 

favorable or unfavorable
 decisions about our products or intellectual property from government regulators, insurance companies or other third-party payers; 

our ability to recruit
 and retain qualified regulatory and research and development personnel; 

changes in investors 
 and securities analysts perception of the business risks and conditions of our business; 

changes in our relationship
 with key collaborators; 

changes in the market valuation
 or earnings of our competitors or companies viewed as similar to us; 

changes in key personnel; 

depth of the trading market
 in our common stock; 

changes in our capital
 structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 

the granting or exercise
 of employee stock options or other equity awards; 

realization of any of the
 risks described under this section entitled Risk Factors and 

general market and economic
 conditions. 

In
recent years, the stock markets, in general, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations especially in the biotechnology sector.
Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of shares of our common stock. In the past, following periods
of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against
that company. If we were involved in any similar litigation, we could incur substantial costs and our management s attention and
resources could be diverted. On March 12, 2020, the WHO declared COVID-19 to be a pandemic, and the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in
significant financial market volatility and uncertainty since then. In addition, U.S. and global markets are experiencing volatility
and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the start of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. A
continuation or worsening of the levels of market disruption and volatility could have an adverse effect on our ability to access capital,
on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and on the market price of our common shares. 

50 

We
have a significant number of warrants and options, and future sales of our common stock upon exercise of these options or warrants, or
the perception that future sales may occur, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline, even if our business is doing
well. 

Sales
of a significant number of shares of our common stock in the public market could harm the market price of our common stock and make it
more difficult for us to raise funds through future offerings of common stock. Our stockholders and the holders of our outstanding warrants
and options, upon exercise of these options or warrants, may sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market. The availability
of these shares of our common stock for resale in the public market has the potential to cause the supply of our common stock to exceed
investor demand, thereby decreasing the price of our common stock. 

In
addition, the fact that our stockholders and holders of our warrants and options can sell substantial amounts of our common stock in
the public market, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, could make it more difficult for us to raise additional financing
through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

Although
our shares of common stock are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, we currently have a limited trading volume, which results in higher
price volatility for, and reduced liquidity of, our common stock. 

Although
our shares of common stock are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NAOV, trading volume in our common
stock has been limited and an active trading market for our shares of common stock may never develop or be maintained. The absence of
an active trading market increases price volatility and reduces the liquidity of our common stock. As long as this condition continues,
the sale of a significant number of shares of common stock at any particular time could be difficult to achieve at the market prices
prevailing immediately before such shares are offered. 

If
we fail to comply with the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market, our common stock may be delisted and the price
of our common stock and our ability to access the capital markets could be negatively impacted. 

Our
common stock is currently listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market. We must satisfy Nasdaq s continued listing requirements,
including, among other things, a minimum stockholders equity of 2.5 million and a minimum closing bid price of 1.00 per
share or risk delisting, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. A delisting of our common stock from the Nasdaq
Capital Market could materially reduce the liquidity of our common stock and result in a corresponding material reduction in the price
of our common stock. In addition, delisting could harm our ability to raise capital through alternative financing sources on terms acceptable
to us, or at all, and may result in the potential loss of confidence by investors, suppliers, customers and employees and fewer business
development opportunities. 

On
March 2, 2022, the Company received notice from the Listing Qualifications Staff of Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the closing bid
price of the Company s common stock for the 30 consecutive business day period between January
14, 2022, through March 1, 2022 , we did not meet the minimum bid price of 1.00 per share required for continued listing on the
Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 555(a)(2). The letter also indicated that the Company will be provided with a compliance
period until August 29, 2022 (the Compliance Period ), in which to regain compliance pursuant to
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A). 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company received notice from Nasdaq indicating that the Company s securities would be subject to delisting
due to the Company s continued non-compliance with the minimum bid price requirement unless the Company timely requests a hearing
before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ). The Company timely requested a hearing before the Panel, which stayed any
further action by Nasdaq at least pending the issuance of a decision by the Panel and the expiration of any extension the Panel may grant
to the Company following the hearing. On October 17, 2022, the Panel granted the Company s request for continued listing on The
Nasdaq Capital Market until December 15, 2022, subject to the Company providing a written update to the Panel on December 15, 2022. 

51 

On
February 8, 2023, the Company effected a reverse stock split of its common stock at a ratio of 1 post-split share for every 20 pre-split
shares. The Company s common stock continued to be traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NAOV and began trading
on a split-adjusted basis at market open on February 9, 2023. 

On
February 28, 2023 The Company was notified by Nasdaq that it regained compliance with all Nasdaq listing requirements and the matter
was closed. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings Nasdaq Deficiency and Hearings Panel Decision, for a full description
of the Nasdaq hearing and the Company s actions to regain compliance. 

There
is no assurance that we will maintain compliance with such minimum listing requirements. If our common stock were delisted from
Nasdaq, trading of our common stock would most likely take place on an over-the-counter market established for unlisted securities,
such as the OTCQB or the Pink Market maintained by OTC Markets Group Inc. An investor would likely find it less convenient to sell,
or to obtain accurate quotations in seeking to buy, our common stock on an over-the-counter market, and many investors would likely
not buy or sell our common stock due to difficulty in accessing over-the-counter markets, policies preventing them from trading in
securities not listed on a national exchange or other reasons. In addition, as a delisted security, our common stock would be
subject to SEC rules as a penny stock, which impose additional disclosure requirements on broker-dealers. The
regulations relating to penny stocks, coupled with the typically higher cost per trade to the investor of penny stocks due to
factors such as broker commissions generally representing a higher percentage of the price of a penny stock than of a higher-priced
stock, would further limit the ability of investors to trade in our common stock. In addition, delisting could harm our ability to
raise capital through alternative financing sources on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and may result in the potential loss of
confidence by investors, suppliers, customers and employees and fewer business development opportunities. For these reasons and
others, delisting would adversely affect the liquidity, trading volume and price of our common stock, causing the value of an
investment in us to decrease and having an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including
our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and to raise capital. 

We
are a smaller reporting company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to our filing status will
make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company and, thus, have certain decreased disclosure obligations in our SEC filings, including,
among other things, simplified executive compensation disclosures and only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements
in annual reports. Decreased disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as a smaller reporting company may make it
harder for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects and may make our common stock a less attractive investment.
If some investors find our common stock less attractive, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock
price may be more volatile. 

Anti-takeover
provisions of our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial
to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove the current members of our board
and management. 

Certain
provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws could discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition
or other change of control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium
for your shares. Furthermore, these provisions could prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove members of
our board of directors. These provisions also could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for our securities,
thereby depressing the market price of our securities. Stockholders who wish to participate in these transactions may not have the opportunity
to do so. These provisions, among other things: 

allow the authorized number
 of directors to be changed only by resolution of our board of directors; 

authorize our board of
 directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock, the rights of which will be determined at the discretion of the
 board of directors and that, if issued, could operate as a poison pill to dilute the stock ownership of a potential
 hostile acquirer to prevent an acquisition that our board of directors does not approve; 

establish advance notice
 requirements for stockholder nominations to our board of directors or for stockholder proposals that can be acted on at stockholder
 meetings; and 

limit who may call a stockholder
 meeting. 

52 

In
addition, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law that may, unless certain criteria
are met, prohibit large stockholders, in particular those owning 15 or more of the voting rights on our common stock, from merging or
combining with us for a prescribed period of time. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports or publish unfavorable research about our business, the price of our
securities and their trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our securities will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our business. Currently there is only one research coverage by a securities and industry analyst. If one or more of the analysts
who covers us downgrades our securities, the price of our securities would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases to
cover us or fails to publish regular reports on us, interest in the purchase of our securities could decrease, which could cause the
price of our securities and their trading volume to decline. 

We
may be subject to ongoing restrictions related to grants from the Israeli Office of the Chief Scientist. 

Through
our Israeli subsidiary, as of December 31, 2017, we received grants of 437,000 from the Office of the Chief Scientist of the Israeli
Ministry of Industry, Trade and Labor, or the Office of the Chief Scientist, for research and development programs related to products
that we are not currently commercializing or marketing. Because we are no longer developing the product to which the grants relate, we
do not believe that we are subject to any material conditions with respect to the grants, except for the restrictions on our ability
to make certain transfers of the technology or intellectual property related to these grants described below. We could in the future
determine to apply for further grants. If we receive any such grants, we would have to comply with specified conditions, including paying
royalties with respect to grants received. If we fail to comply with these conditions in the future, sanctions might be imposed on us,
such as grants could be cancelled and we could be required to refund any payments previously received under these programs. 

Pursuant
to the Israeli Encouragement of Industrial Research and Development Law, any products developed with grants from the Office of the Chief
Scientist are required to be manufactured in Israel and certain payments may be required in connection with the change of control of
the grant recipient and the financing, mortgaging, production, exportation, licensing and transfer or sale of its technology and intellectual
property to third parties, which will require the Office of the Chief Scientist s prior consent and, in case such a third party
is outside of Israel, extended royalties and/or other fees. This could have a material adverse effect on and significant cash flow consequences
to us if, and when, any technologies, intellectual property or manufacturing rights are exported, transferred or licensed to third parties
outside Israel. If the Office of the Chief Scientist does not wish to give its consent in any required situation or transaction, we would
need to negotiate a resolution with the Office of the Chief Scientist. In any event, such a transaction, assuming it was approved by
the Office of the Chief Scientist, would involve monetary payments, such as royalties or fees, of not less than the applicable funding
received from the Office of the Chief Scientist plus interest, not to exceed, in aggregate, six times the applicable funding received
from the Office of the Chief Scientist. 

Because
we do not expect to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future, you must rely on appreciation of our common stock price for any return
on your investment. Even if we change that policy, we may be restricted from paying dividends on our common stock. 

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends on shares of our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the
future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon results of operations, financial performance, contractual
restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. Accordingly, you will have
to rely on capital appreciation, if any, to earn a return on your investment in our common stock. Investors seeking cash dividends in
the foreseeable future should not purchase our common stock. 

53 

Our
ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

Our
ability to utilize our federal net operating loss, carryforwards and federal tax credit may be limited under Sections 382 and 383 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The limitations apply if an ownership change, as defined by Section 382,
occurs. Generally, an ownership change occurs if the percentage of the value of the stock that is owned by one or more direct or indirect
 five percent shareholders increases by more than 50 over their lowest ownership percentage at any time during the applicable
testing period (typically three years). If we have experienced an ownership change at any time since our formation, we
may already be subject to limitations on our ability to utilize our existing net operating losses and other tax attributes to offset
taxable income. In addition, future changes in our stock ownership, which may be outside of our control, may trigger an ownership
change and, consequently, Section 382 and 383 limitations. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our
pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset U.S. federal taxable income may be subject to limitations,
which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us. 

If
we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our business, financial condition or results of operations may
be adversely affected. 

As
a public reporting company, we are required to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. Failure to
establish such internal control, or any failure of such internal control once established, could adversely impact our public disclosures
regarding our business, financial condition or results of operations. Any failure of our internal control over financial reporting could
also prevent us from maintaining accurate accounting records and discovering accounting errors and financial frauds. 

Rules
adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require annual assessment of
our internal control over financial reporting. The standards that must be met for management to assess the internal control over financial
reporting as effective are complex, and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards.
We may encounter problems or delays in completing activities necessary to make an assessment of our internal control over financial reporting.
If we cannot assess our internal control over financial reporting as effective, investor confidence and share value may be negatively
impacted. In addition, management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions
that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Any
actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting (including those
weaknesses identified in our periodic reports), or disclosure of management s assessment of our internal control over financial
reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our securities. 

As
disclosed in Part II, Item 9A, Controls and Procedures, we have identified material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting due to a lack of a full and complete testing of our disclosure controls and procedures. We concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting and related disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022.
Our management is in the process of implementing remediation measures with respect to the controls and written policies and procedures
as described in Part II, Item 9A, Controls and Procedures, and management expects that such measures, once fully implemented,
will be sufficient to remediate such material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that existed as of December
31, 2022. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
lease an office and manufacturing facility in Nesher, Israel and maintain an office in Tyler, Texas. Our lease for the facility in Nesher
expires on December 31, 2023 with an option to renew the lease for an additional 24 months. The space is approximately 284 square meters.
We pay approximately 4,200 per month under our lease. We also use a facility in Tyler, Texas from an unrelated party, for which we pay
rent of 1,200 a month although we do not have a lease. This space is approximately 200 square meters. We believe that our facilities
are adequate to meet our current and proposed needs. 

54 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may be involved in certain claims and litigation arising out of the ordinary course and conduct of business. Management
assesses such claims and, if it considers that it is probable that an asset had been impaired or a liability had been incurred and the
amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, provisions for loss are made based on management s assessment of the most likely outcome. 

See
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies, which information is
incorporated herein by reference, for a description of pending and recent litigation. 

Protrade
Proceeding 

On
February 26, 2021, Protrade Systems, Inc. Protrade filed a Request for Arbitration (the Request with the
International Court of Arbitration (the ICA of the International Chamber of Commerce alleging the Company is in breach
of an Exclusive Distribution Agreement dated March 7, 2019 (the Agreement between Protrade and the Company. Protrade alleges,
in part, that the Company has breached the Agreement by discontinuing the manufacture of the DV0057 Painshield MD device in favor of
an updated 10-100-001 Painshield MD device. Protrade claims damages estimated at 3 million. The Company vigorously defended the claims
asserted by Protrade. 

On
March 15, 2022, the arbitrator issued a final award, which, although denied all Protrade s claims, nevertheless awarded Protrade
about 1.5 million, on the grounds that the Company allegedly failed to fulfill an order for reusable hydrogel patches placed after the
Agreement was terminated. The arbitrator based her decision on the basis of testimony of Protrade s president who asserted that
a patient would use in excess of 33 reusable patches per each device, which the Company believes is a grossly inflated number. 

On
April 5, 2022, Protrade filed a Petition with the Supreme Court of New York Nassau County seeking to confirm the Award. On April 13,
2022, the Company submitted an application to the ICA seeking to correct an error in the award based on the evidence that the Company
only sold 2-3 reusable patches per device contrary to the 33 reusable patches claimed by Protrade. The same arbitrator who issued the
award, denied the application. 

On
July 22, 2022, the Company filed a cross-motion seeking to vacate arbitration award on the grounds that the arbitrator exceeded her authority,
that the award was procured by fraud, and that the arbitrator failed to follow procedures established by New York law. In particular,
the Company averred in its motion that Protrade s witness made false statements in arbitration, and that the arbitrator resolved
a claim that was never raised by Protrade and that has no factual basis. 

On
October 3, 2022, the court issued a decision granting Protrade its petition to confirm the Award and denying the cross-motion. 

On
November 9, 2022, the Company filed a motion to re-argue and renew its cross-motion to vacate the arbitration decision based on newel
information that was not available during the initial hearing. On the same day, the Company also filed a notice of appeal with the Appellate
Division, Second Department. On March 21, 2023, the Court denied the motion to re-argue and renew. The Company intends to file a notice
of appeal with the Appellate Division, Second Department and to continue to vigorously pursue its opposition to the award in all appropriate
fora. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company accrued the amount of the award to Protrade amounting to 1,500,250 as part of General
and administrative expenses . In addition, as the Company has not made payments on this award since it continues to appeal, the Company accrued
the amount of 346,544 as part of Interest Expense , with the total amount of 1,846,794 included in Other accounts
payable and accrued expenses . 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

55 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock has been quoted on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol NAOV since November 8, 2017. Prior to that date,
our common stock had been quoted on the OTCQB over-the-counter marketplace under the symbol NAOV since April 10, 2015.
Prior to April 10, 2015, there was no established public trading market for our common stock. 

As
of April 17, 2023, we had 1,662,377 issued and outstanding shares of common stock. The common stock was held by 96 holders of record.
The actual number of holders of our common stock is greater than the number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial
owners, but whose shares are held in street names by brokers or other nominees. 

On
March 3, 2021, we filed a proxy statement in connection with a special meeting of stockholders that was held on March 31, 2021, and ultimately
adjourned until May 6, 2021, to (i) ratify the increase in the number of authorized shares of common stock from 20,000,000 to 24,109,635
and the issuance of such 4,109,635 shares of common stock, and (ii) further increase the number of our authorized shares of common stock.
On May 6, 2021, the Company s stockholders voted to approve the ratification of the increase in the number of authorized shares
of common stock from 20,000,000 to 24,109,635 and the issuance of such 4,109,635 shares of common stock to be effective as of December
4, 2020, but the stockholders did not approve a further increase in the number of its authorized shares of common stock. 

On
August 17, 2021, the Company s stockholders voted to approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
to increase the number of shares of our common stock authorized for issuance from 24,109,635 shares to 40,000,000 shares. 

As
of April 17, 2023, we had a total of no shares of our Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. Each share of our Series C Preferred
Stock is convertible into one share of our common stock (subject to adjustment as provided in the related designation of preferences)
at any time at the option of the holder, provided that the holder would be prohibited from converting Series C Preferred Stock into shares
of our common stock if, as a result of such conversion, the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than 9.99 
of the total number of shares of our common stock then issued and outstanding. This limitation may be waived upon not less than 61 days 
prior written notice to us. 

As
of April 17, 2023, we had a total of no shares of our Series D Preferred Stock outstanding. Each share of our Series D Preferred Stock
is convertible into one thousand shares of our common stock (subject to adjustment as provided in the related designation of preferences)
at any time at the option of the holder, provided that the holder would be prohibited from converting Series D Preferred Stock into shares
of our common stock if, as a result of such conversion, the holder, together with its affiliates, would own more than 9.99 of the total
number of shares of our common stock then issued and outstanding. This limitation may be waived upon not less than 61 days prior
written notice to us. 

As
of April 17, 2023, we had a total of no shares of our Series E Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. Each share of our Series E Preferred
Stock is convertible into one share of our common stock (subject to adjustment as provided in the related designation of preferences)
at any time at the option of the holder, provided that the holder would be prohibited from converting Series E Preferred Stock into shares
of our common stock if, as a result of such conversion, the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than 9.99 
of the total number of shares of our common stock then issued and outstanding. This limitation may be waived upon not less than 61 days 
prior written notice to us. 

As
of April 17, 2023, we held no shares of our Series F Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. Each share of Series F Preferred Stock entitles
the holder thereof to 1,000,000 votes per share (and, for the avoidance of doubt, each fraction of a share of Series F Preferred Stock
has a ratable number of votes). Thus, each one-thousandth of a share of Series F Preferred Stock entitles the holder thereof to 1,000
votes. The outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock will vote together with the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company
as a single class exclusively with respect to (1) any proposal to adopt an amendment to Certificate of Incorporation to reclassify the
outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio specified in or determined in accordance with the terms of such amendment (the Reverse
Stock Split and (2) any proposal to adjourn any meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of voting on the Reverse Stock
Split (the Adjournment Proposal ). The Series F Preferred Stock is not entitled to vote on any other matter, except to the
extent required under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

56 

Unless
otherwise provided on any applicable proxy or ballot with respect to the voting on the Reverse Stock Split or the Adjournment Proposal,
the vote of each share of Series F Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) entitled to vote on the Reverse Stock Split, the Adjournment
Proposal or any other matter brought before any meeting of stockholders held to vote on the Reverse Stock Split and the Adjournment Proposal
will be cast in the same manner as the vote, if any, of the share of common stock (or fraction thereof) in respect of which such share
of Series F Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) was issued as a dividend is cast on the Reverse Stock Split, the Adjournment Proposal
or such other matter, as applicable, and the proxy or ballot with respect to shares of common stock held by any holder on whose behalf
such proxy or ballot is submitted will be deemed to include all shares of Series F Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) held by such
holder. Holders of Series F Preferred Stock will not receive a separate ballot or proxy to cast votes with respect to the Series F Preferred
Stock on the Reverse Stock Split, the Adjournment Proposal or any other matter brought before any meeting of stockholders held to vote
on the Reverse Stock Split. All shares of Series F Preferred Stock that are not present in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders
held to vote on the Reverse Stock Split and the Adjournment Proposal as of immediately prior to the opening of the polls at such meeting
(the Initial Redemption Time will automatically be redeemed in whole, but not in part, by the Company at the Initial Redemption
Time without further action on the part of the Company or the holder of shares of Series F Preferred Stock (the Initial Redemption ).
Any outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock that have not been redeemed pursuant to an Initial Redemption will be redeemed in
whole, but not in part, (i) if such redemption is ordered by the Board in its sole discretion, automatically and effective on such time
and date specified by the Board in its sole discretion or (ii) automatically upon the approval by the Company s stockholders of
the Reverse Stock Split at any meeting of the stockholders held for the purpose of voting on such proposal (the Subsequent Redemption and, together with the Initial Redemption, the Redemption ). As of December 31, 2022, both the Initial Redemption and the Subsequent Redemption have occurred. As a result, no
shares of Series F Preferred Stock remain outstanding. 

Each
share of Series F Preferred Stock redeemed in any redemption described above will be redeemed in consideration for the right to receive
an amount equal to 0.10 in cash for each one hundred whole shares of Series F Preferred Stock that are beneficially owned 
by the beneficial owner (as such terms are defined in the Certificate of Designation) thereof as of the applicable redemption
time and redeemed pursuant to such redemption, payable upon receipt by the Company of a written request submitted by the applicable holder
to the corporate secretary of the Company (each a Redemption Payment Request following the applicable redemption time.
Such Redemption Payment Request shall (i) be in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company (ii) set forth in reasonable detail the number
of shares of Series F Preferred Stock beneficially owned by the holder at the applicable redemption time and include evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company regarding the same, and (iii) set forth a calculation specifying the amount in cash owed to such Holder by
the Company with respect to the shares of Series F Preferred Stock that were redeemed at the applicable redemption time. However, the
redemption consideration in respect of the shares of Series F Preferred Stock (or fractions thereof) redeemed in any redemption described
above: (i) will entitle the former beneficial owners of less than one hundred whole shares of Series F Preferred Stock redeemed in any
redemption to no cash payment in respect thereof and (y) will, in the case of a former beneficial owner of a number of shares of Series
F Preferred Stock (or fractions thereof) redeemed pursuant to any redemption that is not equal to a whole number that is a multiple of
one hundred, entitle such beneficial owner to the same cash payment, if any, in respect of such redemption as would have been payable
in such redemption to such beneficial owner if the number of shares (or fractions thereof) beneficially owned by such beneficial owner
and redeemed pursuant to such redemption were rounded down to the nearest whole number that is a multiple of one hundred (such, that
for example, the former beneficial owner of 150 shares of Series F Preferred Stock redeemed pursuant to any redemption will be entitled
to receive the same cash payment in respect of such redemption as would have been payable to the former beneficial owner of 100 shares
of Series F Preferred Stock redeemed pursuant to such redemption). 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

All
sales of unregistered securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 were previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

We
did not purchase any of our registered equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

57 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements
with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other
factors that may affect our future results. You should read the following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results
of operations in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, the following discussion and analysis includes forward-looking information
that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated
by these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Form 10 -K. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Form
10 -K. 

Overview 

We
are a medical device company focusing on noninvasive biological response-activating devices that target wound healing and pain therapy
and can be administered at home, without the assistance of medical professionals. Our WoundShield, PainShield and UroShield products
are backed by novel technology which relates to ultrasound delivery through surface acoustic waves. 

Recent
Events 

COVID-19 

The
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has and may continue to adversely impact our business, as our operations are based in and rely on third parties
located in countries affected by the pandemic. Our third-party manufacturer, which is based in China, temporarily shut down for sixty
days during 2020 due to the pandemic and became fully operational in April 2020 which led to a significant delay in the production of
goods needed to fulfill our sales orders which were scheduled to be fulfilled in our first quarter of 2020. We were able to fulfill these
orders in the second quarter of 2020. Additionally, the notified regulatory body we rely on to obtain European CE approval is located
in Italy and was shut down for approximately six weeks from March to April 2020, which delayed our submission for CE mark approval for
the year 2020. The CE Mark approval was subsequently approved in April 2020. The various precautionary measures taken by many governmental
authorities around the world in order to limit the spread of COVID-19 have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on the global
markets and global economy, including on the availability and pricing of employees, resources, materials, manufacturing and delivery
efforts and other aspects of the global economy. During the first six months of 2020, the financial downturn compelled us to furlough
or reduce working hours for much of our operating staff, and forced our remaining staff as well as third-party contractors, to work remotely.
In addition, many staff members continue to operate remotely from their homes which is continuing to result in delays in obtaining certain
financial records. We also rely on third-party professionals to provide services such as the preparation of our financial statements
and to conduct audits, and many of these parties have been affected by government-imposed precautionary measures, thereby delaying our
receipt of these services. Such government-imposed precautionary measures may have been relaxed in certain countries or states, but there
is no assurance that more strict measures will be put in place again due to a resurgence in COVID-19 cases. Although there were no material
disruptions during 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic again disrupt production and cause delays in the development, supply and delivery of our
products, our operation, further divert the attention and efforts of the medical community coping with COVID-19 and disrupt the marketplace
in which we operate. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19, its variants and the actions
to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. The COVID-19 pandemic could continue to materially disrupt our business and operations,
hamper our ability to raise additional funds or sell or securities, continue to slow down the overall economy, curtail consumer spending,
interrupt our sources of supply, and make it hard to adequately staff our operations. 

Protrade
Proceeding 

On
February 26, 2021, Protrade Systems, Inc. Protrade filed a Request for Arbitration (the Request with the
International Court of Arbitration (the ICA of the International Chamber of Commerce alleging the Company is in breach
of an Exclusive Distribution Agreement dated March 7, 2019 (the Agreement between Protrade and the Company. Protrade alleges,
in part, that the Company has breached the Agreement by discontinuing the manufacture of the DV0057 Painshield MD device in favor of
an updated 10-100-001 Painshield MD device. Protrade claims damages estimated at 3 million. The Company vigorously defended the claims
asserted by Protrade. 

58 

On
March 15, 2022, the arbitrator issued a final award, which, although denied all Protrade s claims, nevertheless awarded Protrade
about 1.5 million, on the grounds that the Company allegedly failed to fulfill an order for reusable hydrogel patches placed after the
Agreement was terminated. The arbitrator based her decision on the basis of testimony of Protrade s president who asserted that
a patient would use in excess of 33 reusable patches per each device, which the Company believes is a grossly inflated number. 

On
April 5, 2022, Protrade filed a Petition with the Supreme Court of New York Nassau County seeking to confirm the Award. On April 13,
2022, the Company submitted an application to the ICA seeking to correct an error in the award based on the evidence that the Company
only sold 2-3 reusable patches per device contrary to the 33 reusable patches claimed by Protrade. The same arbitrator who issued the
award, denied the application. 

On
July 22, 2022, the Company filed a motion seeking to vacate arbitration award on the grounds that the arbitrator exceeded her authority,
that the award was procured by fraud, and that the arbitrator failed to follow procedures established by New York law. In particular,
the Company averred in its motion that Protrade s witness made false statements in arbitration, and that the arbitrator resolved
a claim that was never raised by Protrade and that has no factual basis. 

On
October 3, 2022, the court issued a decision granting Protrade its petition to confirm the Award and
denying the cross-motion. 

On
November 9, 2022, the Company filed a motion to re-argue and re-plead the arbitration decision based on additional information that was
not available during the initial hearing. On the same
day, the Company also filed a notice of appeal with the Appellate Division, Second Department. The Company expects to continue to vigorously
pursue its opposition to the award in all appropriate fora. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company accrued the amount of the award to Protrade amounting to approximately 1.9 million and 1.5
million, respectively, with the 0.4 million of interest accrued in 2022 as part of Interest expense and Other accounts
payable and accrued expenses . 

Business
Developments 

Effective
as of January 2020, the U.S. CMS approved our PainShield for reimbursement for Medicare beneficiaries on a national basis. We
were notified on March 30, 2020 that our Medicare Enrollment Application was approved, and we are now an approved Medicare Supplier for
DME through the National Supplier Clearinghouse, Palmetto-GBA as well as Noridian Administrative Services, LLC, the two Medicare Administrative
Contractors that handle DME reimbursement nationwide. PainShield is currently available for Medicare reimbursement on a national level
under new HCPCS (Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System) code K1004. 

In
March 2020, we signed a license agreement with Sanuwave Health, Inc. for the manufacture and delivery of our WoundShield technology.
Under the terms of the agreement, we will receive warrants to purchase 127,000 shares of Sanuwave stock, a 250,000 milestone payment
based on receipt of FDA approval, and 10 royalty on Sanuwave s gross revenues from sales or rentals of WoundShield. In return,
Sanuwave has received the worldwide, exclusive rights to our WoundShield product and technology. In addition, Sanuwave will bear the
costs and clinical validation responsibilities associated with obtaining approval for WoundShield from the FDA and other regulatory agencies
around the world. 

In
September 2020, the FDA exercised its Enforcement Discretion to allow distribution of our UroShield device in the United States. This
temporary authorization is limited to use as an extracorporeal acoustic wave generating accessory to urological indwelling catheter for
use during the COVID-19 pandemic. 

59 

Nasdaq
Deficiency and Hearings Panel Decision 

On
March 2, 2022, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of the Company s common
stock for the 30 consecutive business day period between January 14, 2022, through March 1, 2022, the Company did not meet the minimum
bid price of 1.00 per share required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2).
The letter also indicated that the Company will be provided with a compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until August 29, 2022 (the
 Compliance Period ), in which to regain compliance pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A). 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company received notice from Nasdaq indicating that the Company s securities would be subject to delisting
due to the Company s continued non-compliance with the minimum bid price requirement unless the Company timely requests a hearing
before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ). The Company timely requested a hearing before the Panel, which stayed any
further action by Nasdaq at least pending the issuance of a decision by the Panel and the expiration of any extension the Panel may grant
to the Company following the hearing. On October 17, 2022, the Panel granted the Company s request for continued listing on The
Nasdaq Capital Market until December 15, 2022, subject to the Company providing a written update to the Panel on December 15, 2022. 

On
September 13, 2022, subject to stockholder approval, the Board approved an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to, at the discretion
of the Board, effect the reverse stock split of our common stock at a ratio of 1-for-2 to 1-for-50, with the exact ratio within such
range to be determined by the Board at its discretion. The primary goal of the reverse stock split is to increase the per share market
price of the Company s common stock to meet the minimum per share bid price requirements for continued listing on Nasdaq. As indicated
by the Company s proxy statement filed on October 31, 2022, stockholders of the Company s common stock and Series F Preferred
Stock were able to vote on the reverse stock split at the annual meeting held on December 15, 2022. 

At
an annual meeting of stockholders held on December 15, 2022, the Company s stockholders granted Board the discretion to effect
a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock through an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation at a ratio of not
less than 1-for-2 and not more than 1-for-50, such ratio to be determined by the Board. 

On
February 8, 2023, the Company effected a reverse stock split of its common stock at a ratio of 1 post-split share for every 20 pre-split
shares. The Company s common stock continued to be traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NAOV and began trading
on a split-adjusted basis at market open on February 9, 2023. 

On
February 28, 2023 the Company was notified by Nasdaq that it regained compliance with all Nasdaq listing requirements and the matter
was closed. 

Regulatory
Update 

On
May 26, 2022, we were notified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA that we should discontinue any new marketing
of our PainShield Plus products until we receive the requisite regulatory clearance. The Company retained a qualified third-party laboratory
to prepare and submit the appropriate 510(k) premarket notification to FDA. And, on November 28, 2023, the Company announced that the
FDA officially granted 510(k) clearance of PainShield MD PLUS to apply ultrasonic energy
to generate deep heat within body tissues for the treatment of selected medical conditions, such as relief of pain, muscle spasms, and
joint contractures. 

In
addition, the Company is working with the laboratory on our PainShield Relief product so that it meets the predicate product category
specifications, There is no guarantee that we will ever be successful in obtaining FDA clearance or approval for the Painshield Relief
products. 

We
also filed an application with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for reimbursement earlier this year. The application
was rejected due to a lack of data supporting PainShield MD s life expectancy. We subsequently entered into an agreement with
a qualified third-party laboratory to conduct testing that we hope will provide the necessary independent data to support
our resubmission of an application for reimbursement. 

60 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 

This
management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we base our estimates
on historical experience and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ
from these estimates if conditions differ from our assumptions. While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in
Note 3 in the Notes to Financial Statements , we believe the following accounting policies are critical to the process of
making significant estimates in preparation of our financial statements. 

Inventory 

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course
of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Cost is determined using the first-in,
first-out method. 

Inventory
write-offs are provided to cover risks arising from slow-moving items or technological obsolescence. The Company periodically evaluates
the quantities on hand relative to current and historical selling prices and historical and projected sales volume. Based on this evaluation,
provisions are made when required to write-down inventory to its net market value. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no allowance
on inventory. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

Management
reviews for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of property and equipment may not
be recoverable under the provisions of accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets. If it is determined that an impairment loss
has occurred based upon expected future cash flows, the loss is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Sequencing 

The
Company adopted a sequencing policy under ASC 815-40-35 whereby if reclassification of contracts from equity to liabilities is necessary
pursuant to ASC 815 due to the Company s inability to demonstrate it has sufficient authorized shares. This was due to the Company
committing more shares than authorized. While temporary suspensions are in place to keep the potential exercises beneath the number authorized,
certain instruments are classified as liabilities, after allocating available authorized shares on the basis of the most recent grant
date of potentially dilutive instruments. Pursuant to ASC 815, issuances of securities granted as compensation in a share-based payment
arrangement are not subject to the sequencing policy. 

Revenue
recognition 

It
is the Company s policy that revenues from product sales is recognized in accordance with ASC 606 Revenue Recognition. 
Five basic steps must be followed before revenue can be recognized; (1) Identifying the contract(s) with a customer that create(s) enforceable
rights and obligations; (2) Identifying the performance obligations in the contract, such as promising to transfer goods or services
to a customer; (3) Determining the transaction price, meaning the amount of consideration in a contract to which an entity expects to
be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer; (4) Allocating the transaction price to the performance
obligations in the contract, which requires the company to allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation on the basis
of the relative standalone selling prices of each distinct good or services promised in the contract; and (5) Recognizing revenue when
(or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service to a customer. The amount of revenue
recognized is the amount allocated to the satisfied performance obligation. Adoption of ASC 606 has not changed the timing and nature
of the Company s revenue recognition and there has been no material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

Revenue
from product sales is recorded at the net sales price, or transaction price, which includes estimates of variable consideration
that result from coupons, discounts, chargebacks and distributor fees, processing fees, as well as allowances for returns and government
rebates. The Company constrains revenue by giving consideration to factors that could otherwise lead to a probable reversal of revenue.
Collectability of revenue is reasonably assured based on historical evidence of collectability between the Company and its customers. 

61 

Revenues
from sales to distributors are recognized at the time the products are delivered to the distributors sell-in ). The Company
does not grant rights of return, credits, rebates, price protection, or other privileges on its products to distributors. 

Revenues
from sales to distributors are recognized at the time the products are delivered to the distributors sell-in ). The Company
does not grant rights of return, credits, rebates, price protection, or other privileges on its products to distributors. 

Stock-based
compensation 

We
rely on the Black-Scholes option pricing model for estimating the fair value of stock-based awards granted, and expected volatility is
based on the historical volatilities of peer company s common stock. Stock options generally vest over one or two years from the
grant date and generally have ten-year contractual terms. Information about the assumptions used in the calculation of stock-based compensation
expense is set forth in Notes 3 and 6 in the Notes to Financial Statements . 

Income
taxes 

On
March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act was enacted in response to the COVID-19
pandemic. The CARES Act, among other things, permits NOL carryovers and carrybacks to offset 100 of taxable income for taxable years
beginning before 2021. In addition, the CARES Act allows NOLs incurred in 2018, 2019, and 2020 to be carried back to each of the five
preceding taxable years to generate a refund of previously paid income taxes. The Company has been consistently in a loss position in
the U.S. and at present does not expect that the NOL carryback provision of the CARES Act would result in a material cash benefit to
the Company. 

We
account for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes . This topic prescribes the use of the liability method
whereby deferred tax assets and liability account balances are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases
of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected
to reverse. We provide full valuation allowance, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. 

We
implemented a two-step approach to recognize and measure uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position taken
or expected to be taken in a tax return by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not
that, on an evaluation of the technical merits, the tax position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of any related appeals
or litigation processes. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 (cumulative basis)
likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. 

We
recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions on the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statement
of operations. Accrued interest and penalties are included on the related tax liability line in the consolidated balance sheet. 

Recently
issued accounting standards 

For
a summary of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our consolidated financial statements see Note 3, Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

62 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues .
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our revenues were approximately 752,000 and 1,695,000, respectively, a decrease of
approximately 56 , or 943,000, between the periods. The decrease was attributable to absence of sales from our Ultra Pain Products distributor
in the third and fourth quarter of 2022 due to suspension of PainShield Plus by the FDA. Our revenues may fluctuate as we add new customers
or when existing distributors make large purchases of our products during one period and no purchases during another period. Our revenues
by quarter may not be linear or consistent. We do not anticipate that our revenues will be impacted by inflation or changing prices in
the foreseeable future. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, the percentage of revenues attributable to our products was: PainShield 96 and UroShield
 4 . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the percentage of revenues attributable to our products was: PainShield 99 
and UroShield 1 . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the portion of our revenues that was derived from distributors
was 89 and 93 , respectively. 

Gross Profit . For the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, gross profit was approximately 167,000 and 770,000, respectively. The decrease was mainly due to the
large decrease in revenues as we suspended sales of our most popular product, Painshield Plus, until we received marketing clearance from
the FDA, which was not received until very late in the fourth quarter in 2022, and to a lesser degree due to (i) incurring additional
labor and material costs due to in the third and fourth quarter of 2022 which usually produced higher margins in the prior years ,
production delays caused by the suspension of Painshield Plus by the FDA and minor changes we made to the product and its packaging to
regain compliance, (ii) increases in certain components of our devices due to inflation, (iii) increased importing and delivery costs
because of inflation and transportation supply chain issues and (iv) to a lesser degree obsolescence costs pertaining to certain components
that were changed to regain compliance with the FDA as well as the retirement of inventory repurchased from a former customer pursuant
to an agreement to cancel a contract that had certain exclusive international distribution rights. 

Gross
profit as a percentage of revenues were approximately 22 and 45 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The
decrease in gross profit as a percentage is mainly due to the reasons described above. 

Research
and Development Expenses . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, research and development expenses were approximately 283,000
and 293,000, respectively, a decrease of approximately 3 , or 10,000 between the periods. This decrease was mainly due to studies performed
in the prior year and development of an over-the-counter PainShield product and a CBD application for our PainShield product in 2021
that did not occur in 2022. 

Research
and development expenses as a percentage of total revenues were approximately 38 and 17 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

Our
research and development expenses consist mainly of payroll expenses to employees involved in research and development activities, expenses
related to subcontracting, patents, clinical trial and facilities expenses associated with and allocated to research and development
activities. 

Selling
and Marketing Expenses . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, selling and marketing expenses were approximately 965,000
and 1,101,000, respectively, a decrease of approximately 12 , or 136,000 between the periods. The decrease in selling and marketing
expenses was mainly due to 50 re-allocation of a sales executive s payroll to administrative
costs amounting to 120,000 as his roles and responsibilities changed in 2022. 

Selling
and marketing expenses as a percentage of total revenues were approximately 128 and 65 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The increase in our percentage was due to the decrease in revenues. 

Selling
and marketing expenses consist mainly of payroll expenses to direct sales and marketing employees, stock-based compensation expenses,
travel expenses, conventions, advertising and marketing expenses, rent and facilities expenses associated with and allocated to selling
and marketing activities. 

General
and Administrative Expenses . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, general and administrative expenses were approximately
 3,931,000 and 5,059,000, respectively, a decrease of approximately 22 , or 1,128,000 between the periods. The decrease was mainly
due to the recognition of a 1,500,000 arbitration settlement expense in 2021 from final award of arbitration issued in favor of the
Company s former distributor to cover for lost profits and reimbursement of arbitration costs. 

63 

Interest
expense . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 347,000 and 0, respectively. This pertain to the interest on the
Company s judgment liability in the current year. 

Change
in fair value of derivative liabilities . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was a change in fair value of derivative
liabilities resulting in a loss of approximately 0 and 6,956,000, respectively. The loss in 2021
was derived from the Company s total potentially dilutive shares exceed the Company s authorized share limit. 

Gain
on purchase of warrants. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was a gain of
approximately 0 and 64,000, respectively. The gain in 2021 was related to the settlement
of derivative liabilities which was the result of the repurchase of warrants from certain investors. 

Warrant
modification expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, warrant modification expense was approximately 0 and 1,627,000,
respectively. The warrant modification expense was due to the resolution of the over-issuance shares
matter. The over-issuance shares matter resulted in a reclassification of derivative liabilities to equity during 2021 . There
was no warrant modification in 2022. 

Income
tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our income tax expense was approximately 35,000 and 32,000, respectively.
The low tax expense for 2021 was a result of favorable adjustments due to lapses of statutes of limitations on its Israel tax positions.
In 2022, there was no such adjustment. 

Net
Loss . Our net loss decreased by approximately 8,834,000 or 62 , to approximately 5,448,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022
from approximately 14,282,000 during the same period in 2021. The decrease in net loss resulted primarily from the factors described
above. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
have incurred losses in the amount of approximately 5,448,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, which primarily consisted of
decreased revenues and increase in interest expense from judgement liability. We also had negative cash flow from operating
activities of 7,035,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Although we received proceeds from sale of common stock amounting to
 2,090,000 and had a cash balance of just over 2,713,000 as of December 31, 2022, we expect to continue to incur losses and
negative cash flows from operating activities, and therefore, we do not have sufficient resources to fund our operation for the next
twelve months from the date of this filing causing us to have substantial doubt of the Company s ability to continue as a going concern The Company will need to continue to raise additional capital to finance its losses and
negative cash flows from operations beyond the next years and may continue to be dependent on additional capital raising as long as
our products do not reach commercial profitability. If we are unable to obtain stockholder ratification of certain prior issuances
of our common stock and approval of an increase in the number of authorized shares of our common stock, we will be unable to issue
common stock or convertible instruments. As a result, the Company will be limited in its ability to raise additional
capital. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we met our short-term liquidity requirements from our existing cash reserves and proceeds from sale
of common stock. Our future capital requirements and the adequacy of our available funds will depend on many factors, including our ability
to successfully commercialize our products, our development of future products and competing technological and market developments as
well as our ability to overcome obstacles that may be presented due to developments caused by the coronavirus outbreak. We expect to
continue to incur losses and negative flows from operations. We intend to use the proceeds generated from equity financings, or strategic
alliances with third parties, either alone or in combination with equity financing to meet our short-term liquidity requirements as well
as to advance our long-term plans. There are no assurances that we are able to raise additional capital, as required, on terms favorable
to us. 

We
do not have any material commitments to capital expenditures as of December 31, 2022, and we are not aware of any material trends in
capital resources that would impact our business. 

64 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have no off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), or other
relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons that have, or may have, a material effect on our financial condition, changes
in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Years Ended December 31, 2021 

General .
As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of approximately 2,713,000, compared to approximately 7,737,000 as of December 31, 2021. We have
historically met our cash needs through a combination of issuance of equity, borrowing activities and sales. Our cash requirements are
generally for product development, research and development cost, marketing and sales activities, general and administrative cost, capital
expenditures and general working capital. 

Cash
used in our operating activities was approximately 7,035,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and approximately 4,367,000 for
the same period in 2021. The increase in our net cash used in operating activities in the amount of 2,668,000 is mainly attributable
to the increase in changes in working capital accounts, partially offset by decrease in noncash expense of arbitration settlement expense
and warrant modification expense. 

Cash
used in our investing activities was approximately 3,000 for both years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 from purchases of fixed assets. 

Cash
provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 2,092,000, which was composed of the net
proceeds received from the sale of common stock and exercise of employee stock options in 2022 compared to 4,580,000 in 2021, which
was the net proceeds received from the exercise of warrants completed in 2021. Our future capital requirements and the adequacy of available
funds will depend on many factors, including our ability to successfully commercialize our products, our development of future products
and competing technological and market developments. 

Factors
That May Affect Future Operations 

We
believe that our future operating results will continue to be subject to quarterly variations based upon a wide variety of factors, including
the ordering patterns of our distributors, timing of regulatory approvals, the implementation of various phases of our clinical trials
and manufacturing efficiencies due to the learning curve of utilizing new materials and equipment as well issues that may continue to
occur due to the development of the coronavirus outbreak. While there were significant delays in the production of goods due to COVID-19
issues, presently, we are no longer experiencing such delays in the production of our products. That said, there are no assurances that
if a second wave of the pandemic occurs that we will not experience significant delays in the future. Our operating results could also
be impacted by a weakening of the Euro and strengthening of the New Israeli Shekel, or NIS, both against the U.S. dollar. Lastly, other
economic conditions we cannot foresee may affect customer demand, such as individual country reimbursement policies pertaining to our
products. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
Consolidated Financial Statements and the relevant notes to those statements are attached to this report beginning on page F-1. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

65 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures . 

The
Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act) that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s Securities Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the
Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

In
designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act),
management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that
there are resource constraints, and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and
procedures relative to their costs. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the PCAOB standards, a control deficiency exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or employees, in
the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. A significant deficiency
is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness,
yet important enough to merit the attention by those responsible for oversight of the company s financial reporting. A material
weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e)
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). Our management including the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer has determined that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are
not effective due to the material weaknesses described below. In light of this fact, our management has performed additional analyses,
reconciliations, and other post-closing procedures and has concluded that, notwithstanding the material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting, the consolidated financial statements for the periods covered by and included in this Annual Report fairly present,
in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with GAAP. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision
of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company s board of directors,
management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies
and procedures that: 

1) 
 Pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

2) 
 Provide reasonable assurance
 that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
 accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
 management and directors of the Company; and 

3) 
 Provide reasonable assurance
 regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could
 have a material effect on the financial statements. 

66 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

With
the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission, known as COSO, in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this evaluation,
our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, as the result of the material weaknesses described below. 

A
material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that
there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. In previously filed Annual Reports on Form 10-K s, we disclosed material weaknesses related to the
design and effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 

We
 did not have adequate controls in place to ensure adequate review, including (1) effective
 controls over our information technology and information systems relevant to the preparation
 of our financial statements, (2) the controls over managements review procedures for processing,
 recording and reviewing transactions related to certain contracts, accounting memos and certain
 monthly closing procedures, (3) proper accounting of the number of shares of our common stock
 issued in connection with the conversion of shares of our preferred stock and the exercise
 of warrants, which resulted in the Company issuing more shares of common stock than are authorized
 under our governance documents, and (4) lacking a formalized written set of policies and
 procedures including testing documentation to provide evidence that our system of internal
 controls over financial reporting meets the requirements of the COSO 2013 framework. 

Additionally,
 we did not maintain effective controls over the operating effectiveness of information technology
 IT general controls for information systems that are relevant to the preparation
 of our financial statements. Specifically, we did not establish or formalize appropriate
 IT policies, segregation of duties and monitoring procedures and without monitoring procedures
 over third-party service providers, did not evaluate whether the providers were appropriately
 managing its and the Company s IT infrastructure, operations, and critical financial
 systems. 

As
 of December 31, 2022, we did not have adequate controls in place to ensure adequate review,
 including (1) effective controls over our IT and information systems relevant to the issuance
 of securities, (2) the controls over managements review procedures for processing, recording
 and reviewing such issuances of securities, and (3) we implemented a new inventory system
 in the fourth quarter of 2021 which lacked adequate inventory control procedures, (4) we
 lacked a formalized written set of policies and procedures including testing documentation
 to provide evidence that our system of internal controls over our issuance of securities
 meets the requirements of the COSO 2013 framework, and (5) we did not maintain effective
 controls over the operating effectiveness of IT general controls for information systems
 that are relevant to the preparation of their financial statements. 

As
a smaller reporting company, the Company is not required to include in this Annual Report on Form 10-K a report on the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

Management s
Remediation Plans 

To date, we have implemented certain measures to address the identified
material weaknesses. These measures include adding personnel as well as improving our internal controls around financial systems and processes.
We intend to continue to take steps to remediate the material weaknesses described above and further evolve our internal controls and
processes. We will not be able to remediate these material weaknesses until these steps have been completed and have been operating effectively
for a sufficient period of time. The following remedial actions were taken through the year ended December 31, 2021: 

We
 have been able to remediate the material weakness identified above with respect to the issuance
 of shares in excess of the number of authorized shares in 2021 and implemented a plan in
 place to have adequate controls in place to avoid future issuances in excess of authorized
 shares. The Company took steps to remediate the stock issuance material weakness through
 creating procedures over the approval of any new equity issuances to ensure that there are
 no further over-issuances which includes the creation of an equity roll forward master sheet
 that must be approved and signed off by senior management before the issuance of any new
 equity issuances, including warrants, stock options and issuances of any shares of stock. 

67 

The
following remedial actions were taken during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

With
 assistance from a current finance and accounting third-party service provider, the Company
 is formalizing our risk assessment process, policies and procedures, implementing revised
 control activities, controls documentation, and ongoing monitoring activities related to
 the internal controls over financial reporting including testing documentation to provide
 evidence that our system of internal controls over financial reporting meets the requirements
 of the COSO 2013 framework, and provide a foundation for the Company to communicate internal
 control deficiencies in a timely manner to those parties responsible for taking corrective
 action. 
 
 expanded
 consultations with third party specialists on complex accounting matters, financial reporting
 and regulatory filings, 
 
 enhanced
 documentation to support a more precise review process, 
 
 enhanced
 monitoring of the review process, and 
 
 review
 of inventory recording system. 

During
the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, with exception for the issuance of excess shares, we have not been able to remediate
the material weaknesses identified above. Although the Company has taken numerous steps, our remediation plan is not complete due to
the lack of a written testing plan to conclude if our controls and procedures and management were operating effectively; and our remediation
plan has not operated for a sufficient period of time for the Company to complete testing to conclude that our newly implemented controls
and procedures were operating effectively as of December 31, 2022. We will look to develop a full testing plan and document to determine
that management designs, implements and maintains adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future our controls
and procedures and management are operating effectively. To address these internal control deficiencies, management will continue to
perform additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements included herein fairly present, in all material
respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

In
addition, under the direction of the audit committee of the Board of Directors, management will continue to review and make necessary
changes to the overall design of the Company s internal control environment, as well as to refine policies and procedures to improve
the overall effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of the Company. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 

Other
than described above in this Item 9A, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended
December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

 ITEM
 9C. DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
information required in response to this Item 10 will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for the 2023
annual meeting of stockholders, which shall be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than May 1, 2023 (the
 Proxy Statement ). 

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including the principal executive officer
and the principal financial officer. The full text of our code of ethics was filed as Exhibit 14.1 to the annual report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2017. 

68 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
information required in response to this Item 11 will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
information required in response to this Item 12 will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

The
information required in response to this Item 13 will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
information required in response to this Item 14 will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The
following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

None 

(3) 
 Exhibits: 

See
 Index to Exhibits for a description of our exhibits. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

69 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 NanoVibronix,
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet s of NanoVibronix, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss , stockholders equity
and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more
fully described in Note 2, the Company has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and
sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit s . We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit s in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB . Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express
no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
 2018. 

April 17, 2023 

F- 1 

NanoVibronix,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 (Amounts
in thousands except share and per share data) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Trade receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Total current assets 

Noncurrent assets: 

Fixed assets, net 

Other assets 

Severance pay fund 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Current liabilities: 

Trade payables 

Other accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities: 

Accrued severance pay 

Deferred licensing income 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity: 

Series C Preferred stock of par value - Authorized: shares at both December 31, 2022 and 2021; Issued and outstanding: shares at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 

Series D Preferred stock of par value - Authorized: shares at both December 31, 2022 and 2021; Issued and outstanding: shares at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 

Series E Preferred stock of par value - Authorized: shares at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; Issued and outstanding: shares at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 

Series F Preferred stock of par value - Authorized: and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; Issued and outstanding: shares at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock, value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock of par value - Authorized: shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; Issued and outstanding: and shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 2 

NanoVibronix,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

 (Amounts
in thousands except share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Financial expense, net 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 - 

Gain on purchase of warrants 
 - 

Warrant modification expense 
 - 

Loss before taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted net loss available for holders of common stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss available to common stockholders 

Change in foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive loss available to common stockholders 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

NanoVibronix,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statement of Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Series
 C Preferred Stock 
 Series
 D Preferred Stock 
 Series
 E Preferred Stock 
 Series
 F Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid - in 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2020 

- 

- 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Exercise
 of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Reclass
 of derivative liabilities to APIC 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of Series C Preferred Stock into Common Stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of Series D Preferred Stock into Common Stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Conversion
 of Series E Preferred Stock into Common Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Currency
 translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Beginning
 balance, value 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock, net of offering costs of 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of redeemable Series F preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 27,998 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Redemption of redeemable Series F preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (27,998 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercise
 of options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Other
 comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Ending
 balance, value 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

NanoVibronix,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Amounts
in thousands except share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Noncash interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Arbitration settlement expense 
 - 

Warrant modification expense 
 - 

Change in fair value of equity investment 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 - 

Gain on purchase of warrants 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade receivable 

Other accounts receivable and prepaid expenses 

Inventory 

Trade payables 

Other accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued severance pay, net 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of fixed assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock, net 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of options 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 - 

Buy back of warrants from investor 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effects of currency translation on cash 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for taxes 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental non-cash financing and investing activities: 

Exchange of common stock into preferred stock 
 - 

Shares issued from exercise of warrants previously classified as derivative liability 
 - 

Reclass derivative liability to equity due to increase in authorized shares 
 - 

Reclass liability to equity after increase in authorized shares 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

NANOVIBRONIX,
INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (Amounts
in thousands except share and per share data) 

and
received net proceeds of (net of offering costs of from the sale of our equity securities, leaving a cash balance of
 as of December 31, 2022. Because the Company does not have sufficient resources to fund our operation for the next twelve months
from the date of this filing, management has substantial doubt of the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company
will need to raise additional capital to finance its losses and negative cash flows from operations and may continue to be dependent
on additional capital raising as long as our products do not reach commercial profitability. 

and , respectively. 

allowance
on inventory. 

Office furniture and equipment 
 - 

and , respectively. 

Revenue
from product sales is recorded at the net sales price, or transaction price, which includes estimates of variable consideration
that result from coupons, discounts, chargebacks and distributor fees, processing fees, as well as allowances for returns and government
rebates. The Company constrains revenue by giving consideration to factors that could otherwise lead to a probable reversal of revenue.
Collectability of revenue is reasonably assured based on historical evidence of collectability between the Company and its customers. 

Revenues
from sales to distributors are recognized at the time the products are delivered to the distributors (sell-in ). The Company
does not grant rights of return, credits, rebates, price protection, or other privileges on its products to distributors. 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other
 receivables 

- 
 
 Finished goods 

Inventory 

shares
to shares. As a result of the vote to increase the number of shares authorized for issuance, the warrants that were previously
accounted for as derivative liabilities were marked to market through the date of approval and then reclassified to additional paid in
capital (equity), as the Company had sufficient authorized shares to settle the exercise of the warrants. 

Issuance
of common stock for cash 

On
November 29, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors pursuant to which the
Company agreed to sell in a registered direct offering (the Offering ), shares of the Company s common stock
at an offering price of per share. The Company received net proceeds from the sale of such offering, after deducting
placement agent fees and expenses and offering expenses payable by the Company, of approximately million. The
Company intends to use the net proceeds for general working capital purposes. 

On
October 6, 2022, the Company entered into an engagement letter with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC (the Wainwright ), pursuant
to which Wainwright agreed to serve as the exclusive placement agent for the Company, on a reasonable best-efforts basis, in connection
with the Offering. The Company will pay Wainwright an aggregate cash fee equal to of the gross proceeds of the Offering, a management
fee equal to of the gross proceeds of the Offering, a non-accountable expense allowance of and for clearing fees.
Additionally, the Company has agreed to issue to Wainwright or its designees as compensation, warrants to purchase up to shares
of common stock. The warrants expire on and have an exercise price of per share. 

Series
C, D and E Preferred Stock conversion to common stock 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, shareholders converted and shares of Series E Preferred Stock into and 
shares of common stock, respectively, at a conversion rate of 20 to 1. No purchase was made to convert these shares. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, shareholders converted and shares of Series D Preferred Stock into and shares
of common stock, respectively, at a conversion rate of 1 to 50. No purchase was made in order to convert these shares. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, shareholders converted and shares of Series C Preferred Stock into and 
shares of common stock, respectively, at a conversion rate of 20 to 1. No purchase was made in order to convert these shares. 

Series
F Preferred Stock 

On
September 13, 2022, the Board declared a dividend of one one-thousandth of a share of Series F Preferred Stock, par value per
share Series F Preferred Stock ), for each one share of the Company s common stock, par value per share, to
stockholders of record at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on October 14, 2022. 

The outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock will vote together with the outstanding
shares of common stock of the Company as a single class exclusively with respect to (1) any proposal to adopt an amendment to Certificate
of Incorporation to reclassify the outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio specified in or determined in accordance with the terms
of such amendment (the Reverse Stock Split and (2) any proposal to adjourn any meeting of stockholders called for the
purpose of voting on the Reverse Stock Split (the Adjournment Proposal ). The Series F Preferred Stock is not entitled to
vote on any other matter, except to the extent required under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

Unless
otherwise provided on any applicable proxy or ballot with respect to the voting on the Reverse Stock Split or the Adjournment Proposal,
the vote of each share of Series F Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) entitled to vote on the Reverse Stock Split, the Adjournment
Proposal or any other matter brought before any meeting of stockholders held to vote on the Reverse Stock Split and the Adjournment Proposal
will be cast in the same manner as the vote, if any, of the share of common stock (or fraction thereof) in respect of which such share
of Series F Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) was issued as a dividend is cast on the Reverse Stock Split, the Adjournment Proposal
or such other matter, as applicable, and the proxy or ballot with respect to shares of common stock held by any holder on whose behalf
such proxy or ballot is submitted will be deemed to include all shares of Series F Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) held by such
holder. Holders of Series F Preferred Stock will not receive a separate ballot or proxy to cast votes with respect to the Series F Preferred
Stock on the Reverse Stock Split, the Adjournment Proposal or any other matter brought before any meeting of stockholders held to vote
on the Reverse Stock Split. All shares of Series F Preferred Stock that are not present in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders
held to vote on the Reverse Stock Split and the Adjournment Proposal as of immediately prior to the opening of the polls at such meeting
(the Initial Redemption Time will automatically be redeemed in whole, but not in part, by the Company at the Initial Redemption
Time without further action on the part of the Company or the holder of shares of Series F Preferred Stock (the Initial Redemption ).
Any outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock that have not been redeemed pursuant to an Initial Redemption will be redeemed in
whole, but not in part, (i) if such redemption is ordered by the Board in its sole discretion, automatically and effective on such time
and date specified by the Board in its sole discretion or (ii) automatically upon the approval by the Company s stockholders of
the Reverse Stock Split at any meeting of the stockholders held for the purpose of voting on such proposal (the Subsequent Redemption 
and, together with the Initial Redemption, the Redemption ). As of December 31, 2022, both the Initial Redemption and the
Subsequent Redemption have occurred. As a result, no shares of Series F Preferred Stock remain outstanding. 

Each
share of Series F Preferred Stock redeemed in any redemption described above will be redeemed in consideration for the right to receive
an amount equal to in cash for each one hundred whole shares of Series F Preferred Stock that are beneficially owned 
by the beneficial owner (as such terms are defined in the Certificate of Designation) thereof as of the applicable redemption
time and redeemed pursuant to such redemption, payable upon receipt by the Company of a written request submitted by the applicable holder
to the corporate secretary of the Company (each a Redemption Payment Request following the applicable redemption time.
Such Redemption Payment Request shall (i) be in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company (ii) set forth in reasonable detail the number
of shares of Series F Preferred Stock beneficially owned by the holder at the applicable redemption time and include evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company regarding the same, and (iii) set forth a calculation specifying the amount in cash owed to such Holder by
the Company with respect to the shares of Series F Preferred Stock that were redeemed at the applicable redemption time. However, the
redemption consideration in respect of the shares of Series F Preferred Stock (or fractions thereof) redeemed in any redemption described
above: (i) will entitle the former beneficial owners of less than one hundred whole shares of Series F Preferred Stock redeemed in any
redemption to no cash payment in respect thereof and (y) will, in the case of a former beneficial owner of a number of shares of Series
F Preferred Stock (or fractions thereof) redeemed pursuant to any redemption that is not equal to a whole number that is a multiple of
one hundred, entitle such beneficial owner to the same cash payment, if any, in respect of such redemption as would have been payable
in such redemption to such beneficial owner if the number of shares (or fractions thereof) beneficially owned by such beneficial owner
and redeemed pursuant to such redemption were rounded down to the nearest whole number that is a multiple of one hundred (such, that
for example, the former beneficial owner of 150 shares of Series F Preferred Stock redeemed pursuant to any redemption will be entitled
to receive the same cash payment in respect of such redemption as would have been payable to the former beneficial owner of 100 shares
of Series F Preferred Stock redeemed pursuant to such redemption). 

No
shares of Series F Preferred Stock may be transferred by the holder thereof except in connection with a transfer by such holder of any
shares of common stock held by such holder, in which case a number of one one-thousandths (1/1,000ths) of a share of Series F Preferred
Stock equal to the number of shares of common stock to be transferred by such holder will be automatically transferred to the transferee
of such shares of common stock. The holders of Series F Preferred Stock, as such, are not entitled to receive dividends of any kind. 

The
Certificate of Designation was filed with the Delaware Secretary of State and became effective on September 14, 2022. 

As
described in the proxy statement filed on October 31, 2022, holders of The Company s common stock and Series F Preferred Stock
as of the close of business on October 17, 2022, are entitled to vote on the amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation
to effect, at the discretion of the Company s Board but prior to the six-month anniversary of the date on which the reverse stock
split is approved by the Company s stockholders at the Annual Meeting, a reverse stock split of all of the outstanding shares of
the Company s common stock at a ratio in the range of 1-for-2 to 1-for-50, with such ratio to be determined by the Board in its
discretion and included in a public announcement, and the proposal to adjourn the Annual Meeting to a later date at the Annual Meeting
held on December 15, 2022. 

Stock-based
compensation and options 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and employee options were exercised, and and options were granted,
respectively. The options granted during 2022 and 2021 vest at different schedules ranging from date granted to years and were recorded
at fair values of and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, stock-based compensation expense of
 and was recorded for options that vested, respectively. 

Granted 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

Outstanding December 31, 2022 

Exercise price 

Risk free interest 

Expected term (in years) 

Volatility 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total 

As
of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized estimated compensation cost related to non-vested stock options granted prior to that date
was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 

Warrants 

On
December 2, 2020, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors pursuant to which
the Company issued and sold to such investors in a private placement an aggregate of (i) shares of the Company s common
stock at an offering price of per share and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at a purchase
price of per pre-funded warrant, for gross proceeds of approximately million, and net proceeds of approximately million.
In January 2021, two investors exercised an aggregate of warrants at per share. 

On
January 21, 2021, Company entered into letter agreements (the Letter Agreements with certain existing accredited investors
to exercise certain outstanding warrants (the Existing Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the
Company s common stock at an exercise price per share of (the Exercise ). Certain of the Existing Warrants
(the Registered Existing Warrants and the shares of common stock underlying the Registered Existing Warrants have been
registered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-251264) and a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No.
333-218871). In consideration for the exercise of the Existing Warrants for cash, the exercising holders received new unregistered warrants
to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock (the New Warrants at an exercise price of per share
and with an exercise period of seven years from the initial closing date. The gross proceeds to the Company from the Exercise were approximately
 million. 

The
New Warrants were accounted for in warrant modification expense, which was measured at the amount equal to the incremental value reflecting
the change in the fair value of the warrants before and after the Warrant Amendment. Accordingly, warrant modification expense in the
amount of was recorded with a corresponding increase in additional paid in capital. 

In
August and September 2021, investors exercised warrants to purchase shares of common stock between and per share
for proceeds of approximately million. 

On
June 14, 2022, the Company issued warrants to two sales consultants to purchase shares of common stock which will expire on and have an exercise price of per share. Accordingly, expense related to these warrants in the amount of was
recorded with a corresponding increase in additional paid in capital. 

On
September 30, 2022, the Company and the two sales consultants mutually agreed to cancel the latter s annual stock warrants to purchase
 shares of common stock. Accordingly, expense related to these warrants were reversed in the amount of with a corresponding
decrease in additional paid in capital. 

On
November 29, 2022, the Company granted warrants to purchase Company s common stock in conjunction with the private placements. 

Dividend yield 

Volatility 
 
 - 
 
 Contractual term (in years) 

Granted 

Exercised 

Exercised - cashless 

Expired 

Canceled 

Outstanding December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Expired 

Canceled 

Outstanding December 31, 2022 

warrants from investors for a total of . The warrants had exercise prices between
 and per share. The value of the derivative liabilities associated with these warrants was . The Company recorded a 
gain in connection with the buyback of the warrants. 

Conversion price 

Contractual term (in years) 

Volatility (annual) 
 
 - 
 
 Risk-free rate 

The
foregoing assumptions were reviewed quarterly and were subject to change based primarily on management s assessment of the probability
of the events described occurring. 

- years, including car and office space leases. 

The
Company s weighted-average remaining lease term relating to its operating leases is years, with a weighted-average discount
rate of . 

The
Company incurred of lease expense for its operating leases for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

2024 

Total undiscounted operating lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

Warrants 

Total 

The
diluted loss per share equals basic loss per share in the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because the Company had a net loss and
the impact of the assumed exercise of stock options and the vesting of restricted stock would have been anti-dilutive. 

Europe 

Australia 

India 
 
 - 
 
 Israel 
 - 

Other 

Total 

The
Company s long-lived assets are all located in Israel. 

-year warrants to purchase 
shares of Sanuwave Health, Inc. at a price of per share. The fair value for warrants received is estimated at the date of grant
using a Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model with the following underlying assumptions: 

Exercise price 

Risk free interest 

Expected term (in years) 

Volatility 

The
Company considers this to be Level 3 inputs and is valued at each reporting period. The fair value of these warrants for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. There was a net and change in fair value during the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Financial
Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

The
fair value accounting standards define fair value as the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is determined based upon assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing an asset or liability. Fair value measurements are rated on a three-tier hierarchy as follows: 

Level
 1 inputs: Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets; 

Level
 2 inputs: Inputs, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

Level
 3 inputs: Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own
 assumptions. 

There
were no transfers between Level 3 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

New Issuances 
 - 

Fair value adjustments Sanuwave warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value adjustments Warrant liability 
 - 

Reclassification liability to equity 
 - 

Buy back of warrants 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 
 New Issuances 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fair value adjustments Sanuwave warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Balance December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Level I 
 Level II 
 Level III 
 Total 

Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2021 

Level I 
 Level II 
 Level III 
 Total 
 
 Asset: 

Other assets 
 - 
 - 

for breach of the Separation Agreement executed on July 4, 2018. The Israeli court issued a court
order demanding that we restrict approximately of the Company s money until the matter is adjudicated. The Company appealed
the court order and in February 2020, the Company agreed to restrict approximately 1,187 NIS New Israeli Shekel and agreed
to try to settle the matter in mediation. On November 30, 2020, the Company funded the escrow account with . In January 2021, the
parties reached a settlement in which the Company paid the plaintiff approximately as settlement in full. 

On
February 26, 2021, Protrade Systems, Inc. Protrade filed a Request for Arbitration (the Request with the
International Court of Arbitration (the ICA of the International Chamber of Commerce alleging the Company is in breach
of an Exclusive Distribution Agreement dated March 7, 2019 (the Agreement between Protrade and the Company. Protrade alleges,
in part, that the Company has breached the Agreement by discontinuing the manufacture of the DV0057 Painshield MD device in favor of
an updated 10-100-001 Painshield MD device. Protrade claims damages estimated at million. The Company vigorously defended the claims
asserted by Protrade. 

On
March 15, 2022, the arbitrator issued a final award, which, although denied all Protrade s claims, nevertheless awarded Protrade
about million, on the grounds that the Company allegedly failed to fulfill an order for reusable hydrogel patches placed after the
Agreement was terminated. The arbitrator based her decision on the basis of testimony of Protrade s president who asserted that
a patient would use in excess of 33 reusable patches per each device, which the Company believes is a grossly inflated number. 

On
April 5, 2022, Protrade filed a Petition with the Supreme Court of New York Nassau County seeking to confirm the Award. On April 13,
2022, the Company submitted an application to the ICA seeking to correct an error in the award based on the evidence that the Company
only sold 2-3 reusable patches per device contrary to the 33 reusable patches claimed by Protrade. The same arbitrator who issued the
award, denied the application. 

On
July 22, 2022, the Company filed a cross-motion seeking to vacate arbitration award on the grounds that the arbitrator exceeded her authority,
that the award was procured by fraud, and that the arbitrator failed to follow procedures established by New York law. In particular,
the Company averred in its motion that Protrade s witness made false statements in arbitration, and that the arbitrator resolved
a claim that was never raised by Protrade and that has no factual basis. 

On
October 3, 2022, the court issued a decision granting Protrade its petition to confirm the Award and
denying the cross-motion. 

On
November 9, 2022, the Company filed a motion to re-argue and renew its cross-motion to vacate the arbitration decision based on newel
information that was not available during the initial hearing. On the same day, the Company also filed a notice of appeal with the Appellate
Division, Second Department. On March 21, 2023, the Court denied the motion to re-argue and renew. The Company intends to file a notice
of appeal with the Appellate Division, Second Department and to continue to vigorously pursue its opposition to the award in all appropriate
fora. 

Other
Risks 

On
March 12, 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 to be a pandemic, and the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant
financial market volatility and uncertainty. A continuation or worsening of the levels of market disruption and volatility seen in the
recent past could have an adverse effect on our ability to access capital, on our business, results of operations and financial condition,
and on the market price of our common shares. 

and recorded as part of General and administrative expenses 
in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. As has been previously disclosed, one of our board members, Aurora Cassirer,
is a partner at Fisher Broyles. Ms. Cassirer does not provide any legal services or legal advice to the Company . 

and , respectively. of the federal net operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely but can only offset up to 80 
of taxable income in a given year, and of the federal net operating loss can be used to fully offset taxable income in the period
it is utilized but can only be carried forward for years. Utilization of the U.S. net operating losses may be subject to substantial
limitations in the event of a change of ownership under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The Company has not performed
an analysis, but the potential impact of any limitation would not be material to the financial statements due to the fact that the respective
DTAs are fully offset by a valuation allowance. 

Total 

Deferred Tax 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Total 

Less: Valuation Allowance 

Total Tax 

The
difference between the statutory tax rate of the Company and the effective tax rate is primarily the result of tax benefits generated
by the Company and its subsidiary which have not been recognized due to the uncertainty that such tax benefits will ultimately be realized.
A reconciliation of the statutory U.S Federal rate to the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 
 - 

Foreign rate differential 
 - 

Permanent Items 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Return to provision adjustments 
 
 - 
 
 Forfeited options 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Effective tax rate 
 - 
 - 

Foreign
tax 

Tax
rates applicable to the income of the Israeli subsidiary: 

The
Israeli corporate tax rate in 2022 and 2021 is . 

The
subsidiary has final tax assessments through 2016. 

Loss
before taxes: 

Foreign 

Loss before taxes 

Deferred
income taxes 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets are as follows: 

Arbitration accrual 

Stock compensation and other 

Deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net increases in valuation allowance of and , respectively was primarily driven
by the increase in net operating loss carryforwards. 

In
assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion of
the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

The
ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which
temporary differences are deductible and net operating losses are able to be utilized. Based on consideration of these factors, the Company
concluded that all of its recorded deferred tax assets are not more likely than not realizable and recorded a full valuation allowance
at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company considers the earnings of its non-U.S. subsidiary to be indefinitely invested outside the United States on the basis of estimates
that future domestic cash generation will be sufficient to meet future domestic cash needs and our specific plans for reinvestment of
those subsidiary earnings. We have not recorded a deferred tax liability related to the U.S. federal and state income taxes as an estimate
of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries would not be practicable to estimate at this time. If the Company does decide to repatriate
the foreign earnings, we would need to adjust our income tax provision in the period we determined that the earnings will no longer be
indefinitely invested outside the United States. 

Reconciliation
of the theoretical tax expense to the actual tax expense 

The
main reconciling items between the statutory tax rate of the Company and the effective tax rate are the non-recognition of tax benefits
from accumulated net operating loss carryforward among the Company and its subsidiary due to the uncertainty of the realization of such
tax benefits. 

The
Company s policy is to record interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits as additional income taxes in the
statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company does not have any liabilities recorded for uncertain tax positions
and does not expect there to be any events which could potentially result in the need for a material liability to be recorded. There
were no changes in the Company s unrecognized tax benefits during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company did not
recognize any interest or penalties during fiscal 2022 or 2021 related to unrecognized tax benefits. 

U.S.
federal and New York State income taxes are open for examination for years 2019-2022 and Israel tax returns are open for examination
for years 2018-2022. 

. The Company s common stock begin trading on a split-adjusted basis when the market opened on February 9, 2023. 

At
an annual meeting of stockholders held on December 15, 2022, the Company s stockholders granted the Company s Board of Directors
the discretion to effect a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock through an amendment to its , with such ratio to be determined by the Company s
Board of Directors. 

At
the effective time of the reverse stock split, every shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock was converted
automatically into issued and outstanding share of common stock without any change in the par value per share. Stockholders holding
shares through a brokerage account had their shares automatically adjusted to reflect the 1-for-20 reverse stock split. The reverse stock
split affected all stockholders uniformly and did not alter any stockholder s percentage interest in the Company s equity,
except to the extent that the reverse stock split resulted in a stockholder owning a fractional share. Any fractional share of a stockholder
resulting from the reverse stock split was rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares. Proportional adjustments were made to the
number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise or conversion of the Company s equity awards, warrants
and other convertible securities, as well as the applicable exercise or conversion price thereof. 

Accordingly,
on February 28, 2023, the Company received official notice from Nasdaq that the Company evidenced compliance with all applicable criteria
for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, including the bid price requirement. As previously disclosed, the Company was
granted an extension by the Nasdaq Hearings Panel through February 23, 2023 to regain compliance with the bid price requirement
for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

F- 19 

Index
to Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as presently in effect) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 17, 2015) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 30, 2014) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (creating the Series C Preferred Stock) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 30, 2014) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 7, 2017) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series E Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 19, 2019) 

3.6 

Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 21, 2019) 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 15, 2021) 

3.8 

Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2021) 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series F Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022) 

3.10 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 8, 2023) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2014) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant Agency Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2017) 

4.3 
 
 Form of Unit Purchase Option (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 18, 2017) 

4.4 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 18, 2017) 

70 

4.5 
 
 Form of May 10 and May 15, 2019 Warrants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 20, 2019) 

4.6 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 26, 2019) 

4.7 
 
 Form of Preferred Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2019) 

4.8 
 
 Form of Common Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2019) 

4.9 
 
 Form of Warrant Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 20, 2020) 

4.10 
 
 Form of Underwriter Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 26, 2020). 

4.11 
 
 Form of Underwriter Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2020). 

4.12 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2020). 

4.13 

Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2020). 

4.14 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 1, 2020). 

4.15 
 
 Description of Securities 

10.1 
 
 Fourteenth Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 16, 2014, by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Globis Overseas Fund, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2015) 

10.2 
 
 Fourteenth Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 11, 2014, by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Globis Capital Partners, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2015) 

10.3 
 
 Fifteenth Amended and Restated Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated December 11, 2014, by NanoVibronix, Inc. in favor of and Globis Overseas Fund, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2015) 

10.4 
 
 Fifteenth Amended and Restated Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated December 11, 2014, by NanoVibronix, Inc. in favor of and Globis Capital Partners, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2015) 

71 

10.5 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated 2013 and 2014 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 2014) 

10.6+ 
 
 NanoVibronix, Inc. 2004 Global Share Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2014) 

10.7+ 
 
 Personal Employment Agreement, dated March 1, 2008, by and between Nano-Vibronix (Israel 2003) Ltd and Jona Zumeris (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2014) 

10.8+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between NanoVibronix, Inc. and certain of its officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2014) 

10.9 
 
 Amendment to Subscription Agreement Convertible Promissory Notes, dated February 28, 2014, by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and the note holders signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2014) 

10.10 
 
 Second Amendment to Subscription Agreement Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and Warrants), dated February 28, 2014, by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and the holders signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2014) 

10.11 
 
 Third Amendment to Subscription Agreement Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and Warrants), dated February 28, 2014, by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and the holders signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2014) 

10.12+ 
 
 NanoVibronix, Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 30, 2014) 

10.13+ 
 
 First Amendment to Personal Employment Agreement, dated June 16, 2014, by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Dr. Jona Zumeris (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Amendment No. 8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 23, 2014) 

10.14 
 
 Services Agreement, dated March 25, 2015, by and between Multigon Industries, Inc. and NanoVibronix, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2015) 

10.15+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated March 25, 2015, by and between William Stern and NanoVibronix, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2015) 

10.16+ 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated March 25, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2015) 

10.17+ 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 25, 2015, by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Martin Goldstein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2015) 

72 

10.18+ 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2015) 

10.19+ 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2015) 

10.20+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2015) 

10.21+ 
 
 Form of 3(i) Award Agreement under the Israeli Appendix to the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2015) 

10.22+ 
 
 Form of 102 Award Agreement under the Israeli Appendix to the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2015) 

10.23+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 13, 2016, by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Brian Murphy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2016) 

10.24 
 
 Form of Amendment to Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, effective as of January 27, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 31, 2017) 

10.25 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 7, 2017) 

10.26 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 7, 2017) 

10.27 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 23, 2017, by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and an individual investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 27, 2017) 

10.28 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated March 23, 2017, by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and an individual investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 27, 2017) 

10.29+ 
 
 First Amendment to Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement, dated March 30, 2017, between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Ira A. Greenstein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 31, 2017) 

10.30+ 
 
 First Amendment to Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement, dated March 30, 2017, between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Ira A. Greenstein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 31, 2017) 

10.31+ 
 
 Offer Letter, dated October 14, 2016, between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Christopher M. Fashek (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2016) 

73 

10.32+ 
 
 Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement, dated October 14, 2016, between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Christopher M. Fashek (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2016) 

10.33 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2017) 

10.34 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2017) 

10.35 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement, dated September 7, 2017, between NanoVibronix, Inc. and holders of the 2017 Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 14, 2017) 

10.36 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated as of February 21, 2019, between NanoVibronix, Inc and Bespoke Growth Partners, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2019) 

10.37 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2019) 

10.38 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2019) 

10.39 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2019) 

10.40 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note (Globis), May 10, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 20, 2019) 

10.41 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note (AiGH), May 15, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 20, 2019) 

10.42+ 
 
 CFO Consulting Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2019, between NanoVibronix Inc. and James S. Cardwell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 4, 2019) 

10.43 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2019, by and among the Company and each investor identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 26, 2019) 

10.44 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2019, by and among the Company and each investor identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2019) 

10.45 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2019, by and among the Company and each investor identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2019) 

10.46 
 
 Form of Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 26, 2020). 

10.47 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 26, 2020). 

74 

10.48 
 
 Note with Cross River Bank (SBA-Payroll Protection Program loan) dated May 14, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 19, 2020). 

10.49+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2020, between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Stephen Brown (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 8, 2020). 

10.50+ 
 
 Option Cancellation and Release Agreement, dated November 2, 2020, by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Brian Murphy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 5, 2020). 

10.51+ 
 
 Option Cancellation and Release Agreement, dated November 2, 2020, by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Christopher Fashek (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 5, 2020). 

10.52+ 
 
 Option Cancellation and Release Agreement, dated November 2, 2020, by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Martin Goldstein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 5, 2020). 

10.53+ 
 
 Option Cancellation and Release Agreement, dated November 2, 2020, by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Michael Ferguson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 5, 2020). 

10.54+ 
 
 Option Cancellation and Release Agreement, dated November 2, 2020, by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Stephen Brown (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 5, 2020). 

10.55+ 
 
 Option Cancellation and Release Agreement, dated November 2, 2020, by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Thomas Mika (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 5, 2020). 

10.56 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 2, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2020). 

10.57 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 2, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2020). 

10.58# 
 
 Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement for Private Labeled Products dated December 10, 2020 by and between NanoVibronix, Inc. and Ultra Pain Products Inc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 15, 2021). 

10.59+ 
 
 Second Amendment to the NanoVibronix, Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Company s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 30, 2019). 

10.60+ 

Third Amendment to the Nanovibronix, Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 30, 2021). 

75 

10.61 
 
 Fourth Amendment to the Nanovibronix, Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 15, 2022) 

10.62

Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 1, 2022) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2014) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum, LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 
 The
 following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline
 XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language), (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss,
 (iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficiency, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

+ 
 Management contract or
 compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 # 
 Certain portions of this
 exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. The omitted information is (i) not material and (ii) would
 likely cause competitive harm to the Company if publicly disclosed. 

76 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NANOVIBRONIX, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Brian Murphy 

Brian Murphy 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date:
April 17, 2023 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Brian Murphy as his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and
all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents
in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to
do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes
as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their
or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ BRIAN
 MURPHY 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Brian Murphy 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ STEPHEN
 BROWN 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Stephen Brown 
 
 (principal financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ CHRISTOPHER
 FASHEK 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Christopher Fashek 

/s/ MARTIN
 GOLDSTEIN 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Martin Goldstein 

/s/ HAROLD
 JACOB M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Harold Jacob, M.D. 

/s/ MICHAEL
 FERGUSON 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Michael Ferguson 

/s/ THOMAS
 R. MIKA 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Thomas R. Mika 

/s/
 Aurora Cassirer 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Aurora Cassirer 

/s/ Maria
 Schroeder 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Maria Schroeder 

77 

<EX-4.15>
 2
 ex4-15.htm

Exhibit
4.15 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As
of May 14, 2020, NanoVibronix, Inc., a Delaware corporation we, our and the Company has its
common stock, par value 0.001 per share, registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

The
following description is intended as a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, as amended (the Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the amended and restated by-laws,
as amended (the By-laws as currently in effect, copies of which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K
and are incorporated by reference herein. 

Authorized
Capital Stock 

As
of April 17, 2023, our authorized capital stock consists of shares, of which 40,000,000 shares are common stock, par value 0.001 per
share, and 5,040,000 shares are preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, 3,000,000 of which have been designated as Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock Series C Preferred Stock ), 506 of which have been designated as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Series
D Preferred Stock ), 1,994,494 of which have been designated as Series E Convertible Preferred Stock Series E Preferred
Stock and 40,000 of which have been designated as Series F Convertible Preferred Stock Series F Preferred Stock ).
As of April 17, 2023, there were 1,662,377 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, 0 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock issued and outstanding, 0 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, 0 shares of Series E Convertible
Preferred Stock issued and outstanding and 0 shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Our
Board, in consultation with counsel, determined that it was in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders to ratify, pursuant
to Section 204 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL and Delaware common law, an increase in the number of authorized
shares of our common stock from 20,000,000 to 24,109,635 (the Authorized Share Increase and the issuance of 4,109,635
shares of common stock (the Authorized Share Increase Issuance upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock and the
exercise of certain December 2020 Warrants and Pre-Existing Warrants (the Share Increase Ratification ). On March 3, 2021,
we filed a proxy statement in connection with a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting to be held at 10:00
a.m. Eastern time on March 31, 2021 to (i) ratify the Authorized Share Increase and the Authorized Share Increase Issuance, and (ii)
further increase the number of our authorized shares of common stock. On March 31, 2021, we did not have the requisite vote to approve
the Share Increase Ratification and the meeting was adjourned. At the reconvened Special Meeting on May 6, 2021, our stockholders voted
to approve the ratification of the Authorized Share Increase, but the stockholders did not approve the Share Increase Ratification. 

On
August 17, 2021, at our 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our stockholders voted to approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of our common stock authorized for issuance from 24,109,635 shares to 40,000,000
shares. 

Common
Stock 

Voting
Rights 

Each
stockholder has one vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. A stockholder may vote
in person or by proxy. Elections of directors are determined by a plurality of the votes cast and all other matters are decided by a
majority of the votes cast by those stockholders entitled to vote and present in person or by proxy. 

Because
our stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights, stockholders holding a majority of the voting power of our shares of common stock
will be able to elect all of our directors. Our Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws provide that stockholder
actions may be effected at a duly called meeting of stockholders or pursuant to written consent of the majority of stockholders. 

Dividend
Rights 

The
holders of outstanding shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available at the times and in the
amounts that the board of directors (the Board may determine, provided that required dividends, if any, on preferred stock
have been paid or provided for. However, the current policy of our Board is to retain earnings, if any, for operations and growth. 

No
Preemptive or Similar Rights 

The
holders of our common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The rights, preferences and privileges
of holders of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any series of preferred
stock, which may be designated solely by action of the Board and issued in the future. 

Right
to Receive Liquidation Distributions 

Upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets that are legally
available for distribution. 

The
NASDAQ Capital Market Listing 

Our
common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market NASDAQ under the symbol NAOV. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is VStock Transfer, LLC, 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598. 

Options
and Warrants 

As
of April 17, 2023, we had 147,619 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options and 78,252 shares of common stock
issuable upon the exercise of warrants. There are no other outstanding warrants or options at this time. 

Preferred
Stock 

We
may issue any class of preferred stock in any series. The Board has the authority, subject to limitations prescribed under Delaware law
and the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time
to time the number of shares to be included in each series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of
each series and any of its qualifications, limitations and restrictions. The number of authorized shares of preferred stock may be increased
or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote thereon, without a vote of the holders of the
preferred stock, or of any series thereof, unless a vote of any such holders is required pursuant to the terms of any preferred stock
designation. The Board may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the
voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection
with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing
a change in control of our company and may adversely affect the market price of common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders
of common stock. 

Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock 

Conversion
Rights 

Each
share of the Series C Preferred Stock is convertible into one (1) share of common stock, provided that the holder will be prohibited
from converting Series C Preferred Stock into shares of common stock if, as a result of such conversion, the holder would own more than
9.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the shares of common stock
issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock, or, at the election of a holder, together with its affiliates, would own more
than 9.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the shares of common
stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock. The conversion rate of the Series C Preferred Stock is subject to proportionate
adjustments for stock splits, reverse stock splits and similar events. 

Dividend
Rights 

Shares
of Series C Preferred Stock are not entitled to receive any dividends, unless and until specifically declared by the Board. However,
holders of Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends on shares of Series C Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-common-stock
basis) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the common stock when such dividends are specifically declared
by the Board. The Company is not obligated to redeem or repurchase any shares of Series C Preferred Stock. Shares of Series C Preferred
Stock are not otherwise entitled to any redemption rights, or mandatory sinking fund or analogous fund provisions. 

Voting
Rights 

Except
as provided in the Designation, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Preferred Stock or as otherwise required by law, each
holder of Series C Preferred Stock will be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which such
share of Series C Preferred Stock could be converted, provided that the holder would be prohibited from converting Series C Preferred
Stock if, as a result of such conversion, the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than 9.99 of the total
number of shares of our common stock then issued and outstanding, for purposes of determining the shares entitled to vote at any regular,
annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Company, and shall have voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers
of the common stock (except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by law, voting together with the common stock as a
single class) and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders meeting in accordance with the By-laws of the Company. Fractional
votes shall not, however, be permitted and any fractional voting rights shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being
rounded upward). We may not, without the written consent of holders of a majority of the then issued and outstanding shares of Series
C Preferred Stock, increase the number of authorized shares of Series C Preferred Stock. 

Liquidation
Rights 

Upon
any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock
are entitled to receive, pari passu with the holders of common stock, out of the assets available for distribution to stockholders an
amount equal to such amount per share as would have been payable had all shares of Series C Preferred Stock been converted into common
stock immediately before such liquidation, dissolution or winding up, without giving effect to any limitation on conversion as a result
of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, as described above. 

Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock 

Conversion
Rights 

Each
share of the Series D Preferred Stock is convertible into fifty (50) shares of common stock, provided that the holder will be prohibited
from converting Series D Preferred Stock into shares of common stock if, as a result of such conversion, the holder would own more than
9.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the shares of common stock
issuable upon conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock, or, at the election of a holder, together with its affiliates, would own more
than 9.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the shares of common
stock issuable upon conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock. The conversion rate of the Series D Preferred Stock is subject to proportionate
adjustments for stock splits, reverse stock splits and similar events. 

Dividend
Rights 

Shares
of Series C Preferred Stock are not entitled to receive any dividends, unless and until specifically declared by the Board. Series D
Preferred Stockholders Series D Holders are entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay, dividends on shares of Series
D Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-common-stock basis) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of
the common stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the common stock. No other dividends shall be paid on shares of
Series D Preferred Stock. 

Voting
Rights 

Except
as provided in the Series D Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation or as otherwise required by law, Series D Holders shall have no
voting rights. However, as long as any shares of Series D Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company shall not, without the affirmative
vote of the Series D Holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series D Preferred Stock, (a) alter or change adversely
the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series D Preferred Stock or alter or amend the Series D Preferred Stock Certificate of
Designation, (b) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of
the Series D Holders, (c) increase the number of authorized shares of Series D Preferred Stock, or (d) enter into any agreement with
respect to any of the foregoing. 

Liquidation
Rights 

Upon
any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the Series D Holders shall be entitled to
receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Company the same amount that a holder of common stock would receive if
the Series D Preferred Stock were fully converted (disregarding for such purpose any conversion limitations hereunder) to common stock
which amounts shall be paid pari passu with all holders of common stock. The Company shall mail written notice of any such liquidation,
not less than 30 days prior to the payment date stated therein, to each Series D Holder. 

Series
E Convertible Preferred Stock 

Conversion
Rights 

Each
share of Series E Preferred Stock is convertible at any time and from time to time at the option of a holder of Series E Preferred Stock
(a Series E Holder into one twentieth (1/20) of a share of our common stock, provided that each holder is prohibited from
converting Series E Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock if, as a result of such conversion, any such holder, together with
its affiliates, would own more than 9.99 of the total number of shares of our common stock then issued and outstanding. This limitation
may be waived with respect to a holder upon such holder s provision of not less than 61 days prior written notice to the
Company. The conversion rate of the Series E Preferred Stock is subject to proportionate adjustments for stock splits, reverse stock
splits and similar events. 

Dividend
Rights 

Shares
of Series E Preferred Stock are not entitled to receive any dividends, unless and until specifically declared by the Board. However,
Series E Holders are entitled to receive dividends on shares of Series E Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-common-stock
basis) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the common stock when such dividends are specifically declared
by the Board. The Company is not obligated to redeem or repurchase any shares of Series E Preferred Stock. Shares of Series E Preferred
Stock are not otherwise entitled to any redemption rights, or mandatory sinking fund or analogous fund provisions. 

Voting
Rights 

Each
Series E Holder shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of our common stock equal to the voting ratio,
which, for each share of Series E Preferred Stock, is equal to 2.00 divided by 3.53. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted
and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all shares into which shares of Series E Preferred
Stock held by each Series E Holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward). 

Liquidation
Rights 

Upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, each Series E Holder shall be entitled to receive
the amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would be entitled to receive with respect to such shares of Series
E Preferred Stock if such shares had been converted to our common stock immediately prior to such liquidation. 

Series
F Convertible Preferred Stock 

Conversion
Rights 

Each
share of Series F Preferred Stock is convertible at any time and from time to time at the option of a holder of Series E Preferred Stock
(a Series E Holder into one twentieth (1/20) of a share of our common stock, provided that each holder is prohibited from
converting Series E Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock if, as a result of such conversion, any such holder, together with
its affiliates, would own more than 9.99 of the total number of shares of our common stock then issued and outstanding. This limitation
may be waived with respect to a holder upon such holder s provision of not less than 61 days prior written notice to the
Company. The conversion rate of the Series F Preferred Stock is subject to proportionate adjustments for stock splits, reverse stock
splits and similar events. 

Dividend
Rights 

Shares
of Series F Preferred Stock are not entitled to receive any dividends, unless and until specifically declared by the Board. However,
Series E Holders are entitled to receive dividends on shares of Series F Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-common-stock
basis) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the common stock when such dividends are specifically declared
by the Board. The Company is not obligated to redeem or repurchase any shares of Series F Preferred Stock. Shares of Series F Preferred
Stock are not otherwise entitled to any redemption rights, or mandatory sinking fund or analogous fund provisions. 

Voting
Rights 

Each
Series F Holder shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of our common stock equal to the voting ratio,
which, for each share of Series F Preferred Stock, is equal to 2.00 divided by 3.53. Fractional votes shall not, however, be permitted
and any fractional voting rights resulting from the above formula (after aggregating all shares into which shares of Series F Preferred
Stock held by each Series F Holder could be converted) shall be rounded to the nearest whole number (with one-half being rounded upward). 

Liquidation
Rights 

Upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, each Series F Holder shall be entitled to receive
the amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would be entitled to receive with respect to such shares of Series
F Preferred Stock if such shares had been converted to our common stock immediately prior to such liquidation. 

Delaware
Anti-Takeover Law and Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Delaware
Anti-Takeover Law 

We
are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). Section 203 generally prohibits a public
Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period
of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless: 

prior to the date of the
 transaction, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted
 in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

the interested stockholder
 owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes
 of determining the number of shares outstanding (i) shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) shares owned
 by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject
 to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

on or subsequent to the
 date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders,
 and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the
 interested stockholder. 

Section 203
 defines a business combination to include: 

any merger or consolidation
 involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; 

any sale, transfer, pledge
 or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation; 

subject to exceptions,
 any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder;
 or 

the receipt by the interested
 stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 

In
general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting
stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with, or controlling, or controlled by, the entity or person. The term owner 
is broadly defined to include any person that, individually, with or through that person s affiliates or associates, among other
things, beneficially owns the stock, or has the right to acquire the stock, whether or not the right is immediately exercisable, under
any agreement or understanding or upon the exercise of warrants or options or otherwise or has the right to vote the stock under any
agreement or understanding, or has an agreement or understanding with the beneficial owner of the stock for the purpose of acquiring,
holding, voting or disposing of the stock. 

The
restrictions in Section 203 do not apply to corporations that have elected, in the manner provided in Section 203, not to be subject
to Section 203 of the DGCL or, with certain exceptions, which do not have a class of voting stock that is listed on a national securities
exchange or authorized for quotation on the Nasdaq Stock Market or held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders. Our certificate of
incorporation and bylaws do not opt out of Section 203. 

Section
203 could delay or prohibit mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts with respect to us and, accordingly, may discourage
attempts to acquire us even though such a transaction may offer our stockholders the opportunity to sell their stock at a price above
the prevailing market price. 

Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws 

The
provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual
or potential change in our control or change in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive
a premium for their shares, or transactions that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. Therefore, these
provisions could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Among other things, our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws: 

permit our board of directors
 to issue up to 11,000,000 shares of preferred stock, without further action by the stockholders, with any rights, preferences and
 privileges as they may designate, including the right to approve an acquisition or other change in control; 

provide that the authorized
 number of directors may be changed only by resolution of a majority of the total number of authorized directors whether or not there
 exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships (the Whole Board ); 

provide that all vacancies,
 including newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority
 of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum; 

do not provide for cumulative
 voting rights (therefore allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors
 to elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose); 

provide that special meetings
 of our stockholders may be called only by a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board; and 

set forth an advance notice
 procedure with regard to the nomination, other than by or at the direction of our Board, of candidates for election as directors
 and with regard to business to be brought before a meeting of stockholders. 

</EX-4.15>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of NanoVibronix, Inc. on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-229106,
333-236000, 333- 239965 and 333-251264) and Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-259274 and 333-205577) of our report dated April 17, 2023, which
includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audits of
the consolidated financial statements of NanoVibronix, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the
two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NanoVibronix, Inc.
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
 Marcum llp 

Marcum
 llp 

New
 York, NY 

April
 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 

I,
Brian Murphy, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of NanoVibronix, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Brian Murphy 

Name: 
 Brian Murphy 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 

I,
Stephen Brown, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of NanoVibronix, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Stephen Brown 

Name: 
 Stephen Brown 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
FURNISHED PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

This
certification is furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) and accompanies the Annual
Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of NanoVibronix, Inc. (the Company ).
I, Brian Murphy, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify that, based on my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Form 10-K fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained
 in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of
 and for the periods covered in this report. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Brian Murphy 

Name: 
 Brian Murphy 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Form 10-K pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly,
is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not
incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
FURNISHED PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

This
certification is furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) and accompanies the Annual
Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 of NanoVibronix, Inc. (the Company ).
I, Stephen Brown, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify that, based on my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Form 10-K fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained
 in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of
 and for the periods covered in this report. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Stephen Brown 

Name: 
 Stephen Brown 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Form 10-K pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly,
is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not
incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 naov-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 naov-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 naov-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 naov-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

