<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1851484_0001493152-23-012545.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3559255</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>183138</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>632459</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1117002</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>721865</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>823802</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012545.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417161821
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012545
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TenX Keane Acquisition
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001851484
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41534
		FILM NUMBER:		23824183

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 LEXINGTON AVE,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2446
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(347) 627-0058

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 LEXINGTON AVE,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2446
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012545.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices and zip code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate
market value of the Registrant s ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was . The Registrant s ordinary
shares were not separately traded in the open market as of June 30, 2022. 

As
of April 17, 2023, there were ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

TENX
KEANE ACQUISITION 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 13 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 13 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 13 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 13 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 13 
 
 PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholders Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 13 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 14 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 19 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 19 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 19 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 19 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 20 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 20 
 
 PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 21 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 28 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 28 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 29 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 33 
 
 PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 33 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 35 

2 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

References
to the Company, our Company, our, us or we refer to TenX Keane
Acquisition, a blank check company incorporated on March 1, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted corporation and formed for the purpose
of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or
more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K as our initial business combination. References
to our Sponsor refer to 10XYZ Holdings LP, a Delaware limited partnership. References to equity-linked securities 
are to any securities of the Company which are convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, equity securities of the Company,
including any securities issued by the Company which are pledged to secure any obligation of any holder to purchase equity securities
of the Company. References to the SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. References to our initial
public offering or IPO refer to our initial public offering, which closed on October 18, 2022 (the Closing
Date ). References to Public Shares are to shares of our ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial
public offering. References to public shareholders are to the holders of our Public Shares. 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report or Annual Report may constitute forward
looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward looking statements include, but are not limited to,
statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future and
the statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. In addition, any
statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying
assumptions, are forward looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward looking. Forward
looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account described below or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our
 financial performance; or 

the
 other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in
 our other filings with the SEC. 

The
forward looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning
future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those
that we have anticipated. These forward looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control)
or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these
forward looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under Part
I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove
incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward looking statements. We undertake no obligation
to update or revise any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may
be required under applicable securities laws. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business Overview. 

We
are a Cayman Islands company incorporated on March 1, 2021 as an exempted company with limited liability. We were formed for the purpose
of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as a target business. Our efforts to identify a prospective
target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location but will initially focus in Asia. Despite our Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman either being currently located in or having significant ties to the People s Republic of China PRC 
or China ), for the purposes of consummating an initial business combination, we shall not undertake our initial business
combination with any entity that conducts a majority of its business or is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

We
do not have any specific business combination under consideration and we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf), directly or indirectly,
contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction.
We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of our initial public offering (the IPO ), our securities, debt or a
combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting a business combination. 

Initial
Public Offering and Private Placement 

In
March 2021, we issued an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares to our Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.017 per share. On December 20, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company and our Sponsor, as sole shareholder of the Company, approved,
through a special resolution, the following share capital changes: 

(a) 
 Each
 of the authorized but unissued 150,000,000 Class A ordinary shares were cancelled and re-designated as ordinary shares of 0.0001
 par value each; 

(b) 
 Each
 of the 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares in issue were exchanged in consideration for the issuance of 1,437,500 ordinary shares of
 0.0001 par value each; and 

(c) 
 Upon
 completion of the above steps, the authorized but unissued 10,000,000 Class B ordinary shares were cancelled. 

On
December 20, 2021, the Company issued an additional 287,500 Ordinary Shares to our Sponsor for no additional consideration, resulting
in our Sponsor holding an aggregate of 1,725,000 Ordinary Shares (the Founder Shares ). The issuance was considered as a
bonus share issuance, in substance a recapitalization transaction, which was recorded and presented retroactively. The Founder Shares
include an aggregate of up to 225,000 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment
is not exercised in full or in part. With the consummation of the IPO (including partial exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment
option), 75,000 Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting in our Sponsor holding an aggregate of 1,650,000 Founder Shares. 

On
 October 18, 2022 , the Company consummated its IPO of 6,600,000 units (the Units ),
including 600,000 additional Units issued pursuant to the partial exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option. Each Unit
consists of one ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Ordinary Shares and one right to receive
two-tenths (2/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the Company s initial business combination (the Rights ).
The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 66,000,000. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the IPO and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private placement (the Private Placement of 394,000 Units (the Placement Units ), each Placement Unit consisting of one Ordinary Share and one right, to 10XYZ Holdings
LP (the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of 3,940,000. The issuance of the
Placement Units was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

4 

A
total of 67,320,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were placed in a U.S.-based trust account established
for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders and maintained by American Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

Our
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement that are
held out of the trust account, although substantially all the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally towards consummating
a business combination and working capital. 

Since
our IPO, our sole business activity has been identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates. We presently have
no revenue and have had losses since inception from incurring formation and operating costs. We have relied upon the sale of our securities
and loans from the Sponsor and other parties to fund our operations. 

On
December 6, 2022, we announced that holders of the Company s Units sold in the IPO may elect to separately trade the Ordinary Shares
and Rights included in the Units, commencing on or about December 8, 2022. The Ordinary Shares and Rights are trading on the Nasdaq Global
Market Nasdaq under the symbols TENK, and TENKR, respectively. Units not separated will continue
to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol TENKU . Holders of Units will need to have their brokers contact the Company s
transfer agent, American Stock Transfer Trust Company , in order to separate the holders 
Units into Ordinary Shares and Rights. 

COMPETITIVE
ADVANTAGES 

Leadership
of an Experienced Management Team and Board of Directors 

Our
management team is led by our Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director and Chairman of our Board of Directors, Mr. Xiaofeng Yuan,
our Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director, Mr. Taylor Zhang, and our Independent Directors, Ms. Cathy Jiang, Mr. Joel Mayersohn
and Mr. Brian Hartzband. 

Mr.
Xiaofeng Yuan has served as our Executive Director and Chairman since March 2021, and our Chief Executive Officer since July 2021. Mr.
Yuan founded 38Fule Group and served as the Chairman of Xianyang 38Fule from 1992 to 1998. Mr. Yuan also serves as the Chairman of Shaanxi
38Fule Technology Company, a developer, manufacturer, and distributor of health and personal care products in China, since 1999. Mr.
Yuan founded 38Fule in 1992 and led the company to become one of the top 100 healthcare companies in China and has personally become
an influential leader in the healthcare industry as well. Mr. Yuan and his team have always been devoted to women s healthcare
and wellbeing. 38Fule has received several awards under Mr. Yuan s leadership, including National Brand ,
 Women s Choice Brand and Shaanxi s Trademark . Shaanxi 38Fule Technology Group received the only
direct selling license in Shaanxi Province in 2016. In addition, Mr. Yuan also serves as the Deputy Chairman of China Reproductive Health
Association, the Managing Director of China Youth Volunteer Organization, Adjunct Professor at Xi an Jiaotong University as well
as Visiting Professor at Xi an Polytechnic University. Mr. Yuan has won several awards in his career, including Top Ten
Outstanding Youth in Xiangyang , Top Ten Outstanding Youth in Shaanxi , Top Ten Outstanding Entrepreneurs in
Shaanxi , Expert with Outstanding Contribution in Shaanxi , Winner of China Science and Entrepreneur Award 
and National Outstanding Entrepreneur . 

Mr.
Taylor Zhang has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director since March 2021. Mr. Zhang served as our Chief Executive
Officer from March 2021 to July 2021. From May 2009 to December 2021, Mr. Zhang served as Chief Financial Officer and executive director
of the China XD Plastics Company Limited, where he oversaw CXDC s major financial and capital market matters, including Nasdaq
listing, direct equity financing from world class institutional investors and a global bond offering. During his tenure at CXDC, its
revenue grew at CAGR of 56 and exceeded US 1 billion in 6 years after listing on Nasdaq. From May 2008 to March 2009, Mr. Zhang served
as Chief Financial Officer of Advanced Battery Technologies, Inc. From 2007 to 2008, he served as the Executive Vice President of Finance
of China Natural Gas, Inc. From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Zhang worked as a research analyst in New York Private Equity. From 2000 to 2002, he
was employed as Finance Manager by Datong Thermal Power Limited. Mr. Zhang contributes to our Board of Directors with extensive experience
in finance and operations. 

5 

Ms.
Cathy Jiang, our director, is an experienced professional in asset management and banking industries. Ms. Jiang serves as the Managing
Director at Alpha Square Group, a family office in New York City. Her primary responsibility includes asset allocation, fund manager
selection, and new investment initiatives. From 2017 to 2020, Ms. Jiang served as the Associate Managing Director, Greater China at Federated
Hermes (NYSE: FHI), one of the largest asset management companies in the U.S. with 575.9 billion asset under management as of the end
of 2020, where she focused on the company s expansion in Asia and particularly in Greater China. Previously, she worked for Agricultural
Bank of China and Bank of China in institutional business development roles covering both Asian and U.S. institutional investors. 

Mr.
Joel Mayersohn, our director, is a member at Dickinson Wright, where he specializes in corporate, securities and business law. He advises
a diversified client base in private placements, public offerings, mergers and acquisitions, financing transactions and general securities
law matters. He also has experience in venture capital, bridge loans and pipe financings. He is a member of the Florida and New York
Bars and received his J.D. and B.A from The State University of New York at Buffalo. 

Mr.
Brian Hartzband, our director, is an experienced professional in business development and finance industry. Mr. Hartzband is a business
development executive with large corporate and start-up experience. He co-founded Handcrafted 4 Home in June 2017, which is a home decor
brand, specializing in handcrafted home storage products. Under his leadership, Mr. Hartzband grew the company to one of the top sellers
by volume of home organization products on Wayfair.com and expanded to other large retail outlets, such as Walmart and Home Depot. Prior
to founding Handcrafted 4 Home, Brian spent over 10 years in Wall Street and worked in finance for some of the largest financial institutions
of the world. From January 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Hartzband worked as a Financial Advisor at Merrill Lynch, primarily responsible for
managing public company executives stock plans and personal wealth investment strategies. From February 2008 to January 2014,
Mr. Hartzband worked as a Senior Investment Associate at UBS Financial Services, where his team s assets grew to over 125 million
by developing relationships with C-Suite executives of major public companies along with international clients in China. From 2007 to
March 2008 Mr. Hartzband started out at Bear Stearns (acquired by J.P. Morgan as a Marketing Assistant, primarily responsible for building
and growing relationships with ultra-high net worth individuals, C-Suite executives at public companies. 

Established
Deal Sourcing Network 

We
believe our management team s strong track record will provide us with access to high quality companies. In addition, we believe
we, through our management team, have contacts and sources from which to generate acquisition opportunities and possibly seek complementary
follow-on business arrangements. These contacts and sources include those in government, private and public companies, private equity
and venture capital funds, investment bankers, attorneys and accountants. 

Status
as a Publicly Listed Acquisition Company 

We
believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to prospective target businesses. As a publicly listed
company, we will offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering process. We believe that some target
businesses will favor this alternative, which we believe is less expensive, while offering greater certainty of execution, than the traditional
initial public offering process. During an initial public offering, there are typically underwriting fees and marketing expenses, which
would be costlier than a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is approved by our shareholders
(if applicable) and the transaction is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public
offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could
prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional
means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with shareholders interests than it would as a private company.
It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting
talented management staffs. 

6 

With
respect to the foregoing examples and descriptions, past performance by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success
with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial
business combination. Potential investors should not rely upon the historical record of our management as indicative of future performance. 

BUSINESS
STRATEGIES 

We
will seek to capitalize on the strength of our management team. Our team consists of experienced financial services, accounting and legal
professionals and senior operating executives of companies operating in multiple jurisdiction. Collectively, our officers and directors
have decades of experience in mergers and acquisitions and operating companies. We believe we will benefit from their accomplishments,
and specifically, their current activities, in identifying attractive acquisition opportunities. However, there is no assurance that
we will complete a business combination. Our officers and directors have no prior experience consummating a business combination for
a blank check company. We believe that we will add value to these businesses primarily by providing them with access to
the U.S. capital markets. 

There
is no restriction in the geographic location of targets we can pursue, although we intend to initially prioritize Asia, excluding companies
located or operating in mainland China, Hong Kong or Macau. In particular, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination
on private companies in Asia, excluding companies located or operating in mainland China, Hong Kong or Macau, that have compelling economics
and clear paths to positive operating cash flow, significant assets, and successful management teams that are seeking access to the U.S.
public capital markets. We will primarily seek to acquire one or more businesses with a total enterprise value of between 200,000,000
and 600,000,000. 

As
an emerging market, Asia has experienced remarkable growth. The Asian economy experienced sustained expansion in recent years. We believe
that Asia is entering a new era of economic growth, which we expect will result in attractive initial business combination opportunities
for us. We believe the growth will primarily be driven by private sector expansion, technological innovation, increasing consumption
by the middle class, structural economic and policy reforms and demographic changes in Asia. 

The
development of private equity and venture capital activities in Asia also provides us opportunities. According to the Asia-Pacific Private
Equity Report 2020 issued by Bain Company, Asia-Pacific now represents a quarter of the global PE market. According to the Asia-Pacific
Private Equity Report 2020, exit value in 2019 saw a drop by 43 from 2018. With exits on hold, the value of companies held in PE portfolios,
or unrealized value, reached a new high of 806 billion in June 2019, up 32 from a year earlier. Uncertain times and challenges faced
by fund managers create opportunities for those who are well-prepared, which positions us as a natural exit alternative and creates opportunities
for us to identify targets for our initial business combination. 

ACQUISITION
CRITERIA 

Our
management team intends to focus on creating shareholder value by leveraging its experience in the management, operation and financing
of businesses to improve the efficiency of operations while implementing strategies to scale revenue organically and/or through acquisitions.
We have identified the following general criteria and guidelines, which we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses.
While we intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may deviate from these criteria and guidelines
should we see justification to do so. 

7 

Strong
 management team that can create significant value for target business . We will seek to identify companies with strong and
 experienced management teams that will complement the operating and investment abilities of our management team. We believe we can
 provide a platform for the existing management team to leverage the experience of our management team. We also believe that the operating
 expertise of our management team is well suited to complement the target s management team. 

Revenue
 and Earnings Growth Potential . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant revenue
 and earnings growth through a combination of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, expense reduction
 and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage. 

Potential
 for Strong Free Cash Flow Generation . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential to generate
 strong, stable and increasing free cash flow, particularly businesses with predictable revenue streams and definable low working
 capital and capital expenditure requirements. We may also seek to prudently leverage this cash flow in order to enhance shareholder
 value. 

Benefit
 from Being a Public Company . We intend to only acquire a business or businesses that will benefit from being publicly traded
 and which can effectively utilize access to broader sources of capital and a public profile that are associated with being a publicly
 traded company. 

This
criteria does not intend to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our Sponsor and
management team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that
does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder
communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, that we would file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. 

Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market
value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest
earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our Board of Directors
is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an
independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are
seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction
with our initial business combination. 

We
will have until 9 months from the closing of our IPO to consummate an initial business combination (the Combination Period ).
However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 9 months, we may extend the Combination
Period up to three times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a business combination) without
submitting such proposed extensions to our shareholders for approval or offering our public shareholders redemption rights in connection
therewith. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement entered into
between us and American Stock Transfer Trust Company on October 13, 2022, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate
our initial business combination, our Sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon ten days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline,
must deposit into the trust account 660,000 0.10 per share) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month
extension (or up to an aggregate of 1,980,000, or 0.30 per share, if we extend for the full nine months). Any such payments would be
made in the form of a loan. Any such loans will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of our initial business combination.
If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released
to us. If we do not complete a business combination, we will not repay such loans. Furthermore, the letter agreement with our initial
shareholders contains a provision pursuant to which our Sponsor has agreed to waive its right to be repaid for such loans out of the
funds held in the trust account in the event that we do not complete a business combination. Our Sponsor and its affiliates or designees
are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000
of the loans made by our Sponsor, our officers and directors, or our or their affiliates to us prior to or in connection with our initial
business combination (including loans made to extend our time period for consummating a business combination) may be convertible into
Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit at the option of the lender. 

8 

If
we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within such time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (net
of interest that may be used by us to pay our taxes payable and for dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding
Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to
receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and as further described herein, and then seek to dissolve
and liquidate. We expect the pro rata redemption price to be approximately 10.20 per public share (subject to increase of up to an additional
 0.30 per share in the event that our Sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full nine
months), without taking into account any interest earned on such funds. However, we cannot assure you that we will in fact be able to
distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public shareholders. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete
such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority
interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance
of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority
of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned
or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If our initial business combination involves more than
one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 

Permission
Required from the Chinese Authorities for a Business Combination 

Although
our offices are located in United States, a majority of our directors and officers have significant ties to China. As a result, our directors
and officers who have significant ties to China may be subject to certain risks relating to regulatory oversight by the PRC government.
In particular, changes in the policies, regulations, rules, and the enforcement of laws of the PRC government may be adopted quickly
with little advance notice. The Chinese government may also intervene or influence our search for a target business or the completion
of an initial business combination at any time through our directors and officers who have significant ties to China. This could significantly
and negatively impact our search for a target business and/or the value of the securities. 

9 

As
a Cayman Islands company with no operations or subsidiaries in China and expected to conduct a target search outside of China, we are
not required to obtain permission from any Chinese authorities to operate, nor have we been contacted by any Chinese authorities in connection
with our operations, and we do not expect that permission will be required from the Chinese authorities in the future in connection with
our business combination since we will not undertake our initial business combination with any entity that is based in, located in or
with its principal business operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

Implication
of the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act 

The
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCAA, was enacted on December 18, 2020. The HFCAA states that if the SEC determines
that an issuer s audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm have not been subject to inspection by the PCAOB for
three consecutive years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall prohibit such issuer s securities from being traded on a national securities
exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States. On December 29,
2022, the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act AHFCAA was enacted, which
amends the HFCAA and requires the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor
is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three consecutive years. 

Recent
PCAOB Developments 

Future
developments in U.S. laws may restrict our ability or willingness to complete certain business combinations with companies. For instance,
the enacted HFCAA would restrict our ability to consummate a business combination with a target business unless that business met certain
standards of the PCAOB and would require delisting of a company from U.S. national securities exchanges if the PCAOB is unable to inspect
its public accounting firm for three consecutive years. The HFCAA also requires public companies to disclose, among other things, whether
they are owned or controlled by a foreign government. We may not be able to consummate a business combination with a favored target business
due to these laws. Furthermore, on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the AHFCAA, which, if signed into law, would amend the HFCAA
and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to
PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three consecutive years. 

The
documentation we may be required to submit to the SEC proving certain beneficial ownership requirements and establishing that we are
not owned or controlled by a foreign government in the event that we use a foreign public accounting firm not subject to inspection by
the PCAOB or where the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate our accounting practices or financial statements because of a position
taken by an authority in the foreign jurisdiction could be onerous and time consuming to prepare. The HFCAA mandates the SEC to identify
issuers of SEC-registered securities whose audited financial reports are prepared by an accounting firm that the PCAOB is unable to inspect
due to restrictions imposed by an authority in the foreign jurisdiction where the audits are performed. If such identified issuer s
auditor cannot be inspected by the PCAOB for three consecutive years, the trading of such issuer s securities on any U.S. national
securities exchanges, as well as any over-the-counter trading in the U.S., will be prohibited. 

On
March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements
of the HFCAA. An identified issuer will be required to comply with these rules if the SEC identifies it as having a non-inspection 
year under a process to be subsequently established by the SEC. 

10 

On
November 5, 2021, the SEC approved the PCAOB s Rule 6100, Board Determinations Under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act. Rule 6100 provides a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as contemplated under the HFCAA, whether it is unable to inspect
or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or
more authorities in that jurisdiction. 

On
December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act. The rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit
report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that PCAOB is unable to inspect or
investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in foreign jurisdictions. 

On
December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a Determination Report which found that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate certain registered
public accounting firms headquartered in: (i) mainland China, and (ii) Hong Kong. In addition, the PCAOB s report identified the
specific registered public accounting firms that are subject to these determinations. On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement
of Protocol with the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the Ministry of Finance of the PRC SOP ), taking the first
step toward opening access for the PCAOB to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China
and Hong Kong completely, consistent with U.S law. Pursuant to the SOP, the PCAOB shall have independent discretion to select any issuer
audits for inspection or investigation and has the unfettered ability to transfer information to the SEC. 

On
December 15, 2022, the PCAOB determined that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate registered public
accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and voted to vacate its previous determinations to the contrary. However,
should PRC authorities obstruct or otherwise fail to facilitate the PCAOB s access in the future, the PCAOB will consider the need
to issue a new determination. 

Our
auditor, Marcum LLP, headquartered in New York, NY, is an independent registered public accounting firm with the PCAOB and has been inspected
by the PCAOB on a regular basis. The PCAOB currently has access to inspect the working papers of our auditor. If, for whatever reason,
the PCAOB is unable to conduct inspections or full investigations of our auditor, we could be delisted or prohibited from being traded
over the counter. If our securities are unable to be listed on another securities exchange by then, such delisting and prohibition would
substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase our securities when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated
with potential delisting and prohibition would have a negative impact on the price of our securities. Also, such delisting and prohibition
could significantly affect our ability to raise capital on acceptable terms, or at all, which would have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and prospects. Future developments in respect of increase U.S. regulatory access to audit information
are uncertain, as the legislative developments are subject to the legislative process and the regulatory developments are subject to
the rule-making process and other administrative procedures. 

In
the event that we complete a business combination with a non-U.S. company and any of the legislative actions or regulatory changes discussed
above were to proceed in ways that are detrimental to a non-U.S. issuer, it could cause us to fail to be in compliance with U.S. securities
laws and regulations, we could cease to be listed on a U.S. securities exchange, and U.S. trading of our shares could be prohibited.
Any of these actions, or uncertainties in the market about the possibility of such actions, could adversely affect our prospects to successfully
complete a business combination with a non-U.S. company, our access to the U.S. capital markets and the price of our shares. 

11 

Corporate
Information 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval
of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may
be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to
be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Ordinary Shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the prior December 31, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during
the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in
the JOBS Act. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our Ordinary Shares
held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of the second fiscal quarter of such fiscal year, or (2) our annual
revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our Ordinary Shares held by non-affiliates
equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of the second fiscal quarter of such fiscal year. 

Exempted
companies are Cayman Islands companies wishing to conduct business outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying
with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and expect to receive a tax exemption undertaking
from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for
a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on
profits, income, gains or appreciations shall apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income,
gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares,
debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution
of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation
of us. 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company incorporated on March 1, 2021. Our executive offices are located at 420 Lexington Ave Suite 2446,
New York, NY 10170, and our telephone number is 347-627-0058. The cost for this space is provided to us by our Sponsor, as part of the
 10,000 per month payment we make to it for office space and related services. We consider our current office space adequate for our
current operations. 

Employees 

We
currently have 2 officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend
to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount
of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination
and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. 

12 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this Annual Report. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

We
do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operations. We maintain our principal executive offices
are located at 420 Lexington Ave Suite 2446, New York, NY 10170, and our telephone number is 347-627-0058. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

We
are not currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal
proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market Information. 

Our
Units, Ordinary Shares, and Rights are each traded on The Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq under the symbols TENKU, 
 TENK, and TENKR, respectively. 

Holders 

As
of the date hereof, we had 4 holders of record of our Units, 4 holders of record of our separately
traded Ordinary Shares, and 1 holder of our separately traded Rights. The number of record holders was determined
from the records of our transfer agent. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our Ordinary Shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends
subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors at such time. In addition, our
Board of Directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further,
if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by
restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

13 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

In
March 2021, we issued an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares to our Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.017 per share. On December 20, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company and our Sponsor, as sole shareholder of the Company, approved,
through a special resolution, the following share capital changes: 

(a) 
 Each
 of the authorized but unissued 150,000,000 Class A ordinary shares were cancelled and re-designated as ordinary shares of 0.0001
 par value each; 

(b) 
 Each
 of the 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares in issue were exchanged in consideration for the issuance of 1,437,500 ordinary shares of
 0.0001 par value each; and 

(c) 
 Upon
 completion of the above steps, the authorized but unissued 10,000,000 Class B ordinary shares were cancelled. 

On
December 20, 2021, the Company issued an additional 287,500 Ordinary Shares to our Sponsor for no additional consideration, resulting
in our Sponsor holding an aggregate of 1,725,000 Ordinary Shares (the Founder Shares ). The issuance was considered as a
bonus share issuance, in substance a recapitalization transaction, which was recorded and presented retroactively. The Founder Shares
include an aggregate of up to 225,000 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment
is not exercised in full or in part. With the consummation of the IPO (including partial exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment
option), 75,000 Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting in our Sponsor holding an aggregate of 1,650,000 Founder Shares. 

On
 October 18, 2022 , the Company consummated its IPO of 6,600,000 Units, including 600,000
additional Units issued pursuant to the partial exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one ordinary
share, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company and one Right to receive two-tenths (2/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation
of the Company s initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross
proceeds of 66,000,000. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the IPO and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private placement of 394,000 Units (the Placement
Units ), each Placement Unit consisting of one Ordinary Share and one Right, to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Placement
Unit, generating total proceeds of 3,940,000. 

As
of October 18, 2022, transaction costs amounted to 4,859,330 consisting of 1,320,000 of cash underwriting fees, non-cash underwriting
fees of 2,922,480 represented by the fair value of 297,000 shares issued to the underwriter and 616,850 of other offering costs. 

A
total of 67,320,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were placed in a U.S.-based trust account established
for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders and maintained by American Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
6. Reserved. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References
to the Company, us, our or we refer to TenX Keane Acquisition. The following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements
and related notes included herein. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

14 

Overview 

We
were incorporated in the Cayman Islands on March 1, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. 

Results
of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events 

We
have not generated any revenues to date, and we will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our
initial business combination. Our entire activity up to December 31, 2022 has been related to our formation, the Initial Public Offering
and, since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, and a search for a business combination target. We have, and expect to continue
to generate, non-operating income in the form of interest income and unrealized gains on investments held in the trust account. We expect
to continue to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing
compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with the search for a business combination target. 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational
activities and those necessary to prepare for the IPO. Following the IPO, we will not generate any operating revenues until after completion
of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents
after the IPO. After the IPO, we expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as expenses as we conduct due diligence on prospective business combination candidates.
We expect our expenses to increase substantially after the closing of the IPO. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 380,811, which primarily consisted of investment income on the trust assets of
 493,020, partially offset by operating expenses of 138,115. 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources Going Concern 

As
of December 31, 2022 our cash was 289,175. 

Our
registration statement for the IPO (the Registration Statement was declared effective on October 13, 2022. On October
18, 2022, we consummated the IPO of 6,600,000 Units, including 600,000 additional Units issued pursuant to the partial exercise by the
underwriter of its over-allotment option (with respect to the common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ),
generating gross proceeds of 66,000,000. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the IPO and the sale of the Units, we consummated the Private Placement of 394,000 Placement Units to the Sponsor
at a price of 10.00 per Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of 3,940,000. 

Following
the closing of the IPO on October 18, 2022, an amount of 67,320,000 10.20 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units
in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement was placed in the trust account. The funds held in the trust account may be
invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
(the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself
out as a money market fund selected by us meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the us,
until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination or (ii) the distribution of the trust account. 

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust
account, to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as
consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working
capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

15 

As of December 31, 2022, we had available to us approximately 289,175 of proceeds held outside
the trust account. We will use these funds to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective
target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives
or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete
an initial business combination. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination,
our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a
non-interest bearing basis as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In
the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account
to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Other than as described above,
the terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe
third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust
account. 

We
expect our primary liquidity requirements during that period to include 92,000 for legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and
other expenses associated with structuring, negotiating and documenting successful business combinations as well as legal and
accounting fees related to regulatory reporting requirements, and 216,800 for working capital that will be used for miscellaneous
expenses and reserves. In addition, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ),
pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000 if we need additional capital. 

These
amounts are estimates and may differ materially from our actual expenses. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being
placed in trust to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a
down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision designed to keep target businesses from shopping 
around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular
proposed initial business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where
we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business, the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a no-shop 
provision would be determined based on the terms of the specific business combination and the amount of our available funds at the time.
Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not having sufficient funds to continue
searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses. 

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following the IPO in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our
business. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating
an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate
our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial
business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon completion of our initial
business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. In
addition, we are targeting businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Units,
and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance
with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced
to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient,
we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

16 

There
is no assurance that our plans to consummate a business combination will be successful within the combination period. As a result, there
is substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial
statements are issued or are available to be issued. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern, management believes that the funds which the Company has available following the completion of the Initial
Public Offering will enable it to sustain operations for a period of at least one-year from the issuance date of this financial
statement. However, management has determined that the combination period is less than one year from the date of the issuance of the
financial statements. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a business combination will be successful
within the combination period. The liquidation deadline before any extension is less than a year from the date of this report. As a
result, there is substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date
that the financial statements are issued or are available to be issued. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of the uncertainty. 

The
change in cash for the year ended December 31, 2022 was an increase of 289,175 and was comprised of cash used in operating activities
of 47,968, cash used in investing activities of 67,320,000 and cash provided by financing activities of 67,657,143. The investing
and financing activities related to the IPO proceeds and investing the proceeds in the trust account. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term
liabilities. 

Our
Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers or directors
or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling
on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate
of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete
our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close,
we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust
account would be used for such repayment. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and
no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate
of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights
to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

Our
Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with
the completion of a business combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
(i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of the Public Shares if we do not complete a business combination within the Combination Period or (ii)
with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide
the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the trust account and
not previously released to pay taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares. 

17 

Our
Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the Founder Shares it will
receive if we fail to complete a business combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or any of its respective
affiliates acquire Public Shares, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail
to complete a business combination within the Combination Period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share
value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Public Offering price per Unit 10.00). 

The
holders of the Founder Shares, Placement Units and Units that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any shares
of Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Right) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration
rights agreement signed prior to or on the effective date of the IPO requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders
of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities.
In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to completion of a business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the
Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not be required to effect or permit any registration
or cause any registration statement to become effective until the securities covered thereby are released from their lock-up restrictions.
We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have not identified any critical accounting policies or estimates. 

Deferred
Offering Costs 

Deferred
offering costs consist of costs incurred in connection with preparation for the IPO. These costs, together with the underwriting discounts
and commissions, were charged to additional paid in capital upon completion of the IPO. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 we had deferred
offering costs of 0 and 126,422, respectively. 

Net
income (loss) per share 

The
Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . Net income (loss)
per share of ordinary shares is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
for the period. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating income (loss) per ordinary share. 

The
calculation of diluted income (loss) per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i)
Initial Public Offering, and (ii) the Private Placement since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future
events. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could,
potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income
(loss) per ordinary share is the same as basic net income (loss) per ordinary share for the period presented. 

18 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

We
evaluate our financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives
in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . For derivative financial instruments that are accounted
for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value on the grant date and is then re-valued at each
reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. The classification of derivative instruments,
including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period.
Derivative liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion
of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. The over-allotment option is deemed to be a freestanding
financial instrument indexed on the contingently redeemable shares and will be accounted for as a liability pursuant to ASC 480. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our IPO, the net proceeds
of our IPO, including amounts in the trust account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity
of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments,
we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

19 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
 assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors,
 and 

(3) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting
firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

20 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Our
current officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Xiaofeng
 Yuan 
 
 50 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Taylor
 Zhang 
 
 42 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Cathy
 Jiang 
 
 32 
 
 Director 
 
 Joel
 Mayersohn 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 Brian
 Hartzband 
 
 36 
 
 Director 

Xiaofeng
Yuan has served as our Executive Director and Chairman since March 2021, and our Chief Executive Officer since July 2021. Mr.
Yuan founded 38Fule Group and served as the Chairman of Xianyang 38Fule from 1992 to 1998. Mr. Yuan also serves as the Chairman of Shaanxi
38Fule Technology Company, a developer, manufacturer, and distributor of health and personal care products in China, since 1999. Mr.
Yuan founded 38Fule in 1992 and led the company to become one of the top 100 healthcare companies in China and himself is an influential
leader in the healthcare industry as well. Mr. Yuan and his team have always been devoted to women s healthcare and wellbeing.
 38Fule has received several awards under Mr. Yuan s leadership, including National Brand , Women s
Choice Brand and Shaanxi s Trademark . Shaanxi 38Fule Technology Group received the only direct selling license
in Shaanxi Province in 2016. In addition, Mr. Yuan also serves as the Deputy Chairman of China Reproductive Health Association, the Managing
Director of China Youth Volunteer Organization, Adjunct Professor at Xi an Jiaotong University as well as Visiting Professor at
Xi an Polytechnic University. We believe that Mr. Yuan is qualified to serve on our board due to his extensive experience in management
and leadership skills. 

Taylor
Zhang has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director since March 2021. Mr. Zhang served as our Chief Executive
Officer from March 2021 to July 2021. From May 2009 to December 2021, Mr. Zhang served as Chief Financial Officer and executive director
of the China XD Plastics Company Limited (CXDC), where he oversees CXDC s major financial and capital market matters, including
Nasdaq listing, direct equity financing from world class institutional investors and a global bond offering. During his tenure at CXDC,
its revenue grew at CAGR of 56 and exceeded US 1 billion in 6 years after listing on Nasdaq. From May 2008 to March 2009, Mr. Zhang
served as Chief Financial Officer of Advanced Battery Technologies, Inc. From 2007 to 2008, he served as the Executive Vice President
of Finance of China Natural Gas, Inc. From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Zhang worked as a research analyst in New York Private Equity. From 2000
to 2002, he was employed as Finance Manager by Datong Thermal Power Limited. Mr. Zhang contributes to our Board of Directors with extensive
experience in finance and operations. He holds an MBA from University of Florida and a Bachelor s Degree in Mechanical and Electronic
Engineering from Beijing Technology and Business University. 

Cathy
Jiang is an experienced professional in asset management and banking industries. Ms. Jiang serves as the Managing Director at
Alpha Square Group, a family office in New York City. Her primary responsibility includes asset allocation, fund manager selection, and
new investment initiatives. From 2017 to 2020, Ms. Jiang served as the Associate Managing Director, Greater China at Federated Hermes
(NYSE: FHI), one of the largest asset management companies in the U.S. with 575.9 billion asset under management as of the end of 2020,
where she focused on the company s expansion in Asia and particularly in Greater China. Previously, she worked for Agricultural
Bank of China and Bank of China in institutional business development roles covering both Asian and U.S. institutional investors. Ms.
Jiang received her M.A. degree from Michigan State University. We believe that Ms. Jiang is well qualified to serve on our board due
to her extensive experience in finance. 

Joel
Mayersohn is a member at Dickinson Wright, where he specializes in corporate, securities and business law. He advises a diversified
client base in private placements, public offerings, mergers and acquisitions, financing transactions and general securities law matters.
He also has experience in venture capital, bridge loans and pipe financings. He is a member of the Florida and New York Bars and received
his J.D. and B.A from The State University of New York at Buffalo. We believe that Mr. Mayersohn is well qualified to serve on our board
due to his extensive experience in corporate and finance legal matters. 

21 

Brian
Hartzband is a business development executive with large corporate and start-up experience. He co-founded Handcrafted 4 Home
in June 2017, which is a home decor brand, specializing in handcrafted home storage products. Under his leadership, Mr. Hartzband grew
the company to one of the top sellers by volume of home organization products on Wayfair.com and expanded to other large retail outlets,
such as Walmart and Home Depot. Prior to founding Handcrafted 4 Home, Brian spent over 10 years in Wall Street and worked in finance
for some of the largest financial institutions of the world. From January 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Hartzband worked as a Financial Advisor
at Merrill Lynch, primarily responsible for managing public company executives stock plans and personal wealth investment strategies.
From February 2008 to January 2014, Mr. Hartzband worked as a Senior Investment Associate at UBS Financial Services, where his team s
assets grew to over 125 million by developing relationships with C-Suite executives of major public companies along with international
clients in China. From 2007 to March 2008 Mr. Hartzband started out at Bear Stearns (acquired by J.P. Morgan as a Marketing Assistant,
primarily responsible for building and growing relationships with ultra-high net worth individuals, C-Suite executives at public companies.
Mr. Hartzband holds a B.S. in Finance from Suffolk University. We believe that Mr. Hartzband is well qualified to serve on our board
due to his extensive experience in finance. 

None
of our management team has any experience with blank check companies. As such, there is no guarantee that we will be successful with
respect to any business combination we may consummate or that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business
combination. As such, there is no guarantee that we will be successful with respect to any business combination we may consummate or
that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. 

Number,
Terms of Office and Election of Officers and Directors 

Our
Board of Directors consists of five members. Each of our directors will hold office for a two-year term. Subject to any other special
rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our Board of Directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of
the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board or by a majority of the holders of our Ordinary Shares. 

Our
officers are elected by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our Board of Directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that our
officers may consist of a Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant
Secretaries, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the Board of Directors. 

Director
Independence 

The
Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our Board of Directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person who has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer
of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board has determined that each of Cathy Jiang, Joel Mayersohn and Brian
Hartzband is an independent director under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings
at which only independent directors are present. 

Officer
and Director Compensation 

None
of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities
are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will pay an
affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Our Sponsor, officers and
directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

22 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting,
management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known,
in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the
post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers
will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
Board of Directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Each committee will operate under a
charter that has been approved by our board and will have the composition and responsibilities described below. Subject to phase-in rules
and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised
solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of
independent directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee of the Board of Directors. The members of our audit committee are Cathy Jiang, Joel Mayersohn and
Brian Hartzband. Cathy Jiang will serve as chairman of the audit committee. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our Board of Directors has determined that Cathy Jiang qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent
 registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged
 by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing
 and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

23 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal
 quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review,
 of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years
 respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC
 prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including
 any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues
 regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
 by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of the Board of Directors. The members of our Compensation Committee are Cathy Jiang, Joel
Mayersohn and Brian Hartzband. Joel Mayersohn will serve as chairman of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
 evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the
 remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

24 

Director
Nominations 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required
to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may
recommend a director nominee for selection by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors believes that the independent directors
can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing
nominating committee. In accordance with the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee,
we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The
Board of Directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of shareholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of shareholders).
Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our Board of Directors should follow the procedures set forth in our
bylaws. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for directorship, the Board of Directors considers educational background, diversity
of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our shareholders. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, (i) as a member of the compensation committee or Board of Directors
of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on our compensation committee, or (ii) as a member of the compensation committee
of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on our Board of Directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. You will be able to review these documents by accessing
our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without
charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current
Report on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Under
Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty
 to act bona fide in the best interests of the company; 

duty
 not to make a profit based on their positions as director (unless the company permits them to do so); and 

duty
 not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests. 

In
addition to the above, directors also owe to the company a duty of to act with skill and care which is not fiduciary in nature. This
duty has been considered that a director need not exhibit in the performance of his duties a greater degree of skill than may reasonably
be expected from a person of his knowledge and experience. However, English and Commonwealth courts have moved towards an objective standard
with regard to the required skill and care and these authorities are likely to be followed in the Cayman Islands. 

25 

As
set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing,
or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be
forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by
way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval
at general meetings. 

Each
of our directors and officers presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or
contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities
to such entity. Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes
aware of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity,
and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will
provide that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be
reasonable for us to pursue. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers
would materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. 

Members
of our management team may become an officer or director of another special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act even before we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination. Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None
 of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest
 in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In
 the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities
 which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may
 have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our
 Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to our Founder Shares and Public Shares
 in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
 to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within
 9 months after the closing of our IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of our IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate
 a business combination by the full amount of time). If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable
 time period, the proceeds of the sale of the Placement Units held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our
 Public Shares, and the Rights will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares will not be transferable,
 assignable or salable by our Sponsor until the earlier of (1) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and
 (2) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization, or other similar transaction after our
 initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash,
 securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of our Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds 12.00
 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination,
 the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. With certain limited exceptions, the Placement Units, Private Placement Shares,
 Private Placement Rights and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Rights will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our Sponsor
 until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our Sponsor and officers and directors may directly
 or indirectly own Ordinary Shares and Rights following our IPO, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining
 whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

26 

Our
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
 or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect
 to our initial business combination. 

The
conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 

Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business
opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers
and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Xiaofeng
 Yuan 
 
 Shaanxi
 38Fule Technology Company 
 
 Healthcare
 company 
 
 Chairman 

Taylor
 Zhang 
 
 Ascendant
 Global Advisors, Inc 
 
 Business
 consulting and advisory 
 
 Managing
 Director 

Cathy
 Jiang 
 
 Alpha
 Square Group 
 
 Family
 office investing in growth-stage Fintech and Enterprise SaaS companies 
 
 Managing
 Director 

Guangdong-Hong
 Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Youth Entrepreneurship Incubator 
 
 Hong
 Kong based incubator to support and fund young entrepreneurs in Greater Bay Area in China 
 
 Mentor 

Brian
 Hartzband 
 
 Handcrafted
 4 Home 
 
 A
 home decor brand specializing in handcrafted home storage products 
 
 Co-Founder 

Joel
 Mayersohn 
 
 Dickinson
 Wright PLLC 
 
 Full-service
 law firm in the U.S. 
 
 Member 

Accordingly,
if any of the above officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above
entities to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity,
subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for
the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to
our Company from a financial point of view. 

In
the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our Sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any Founder Shares held by them (and their permitted
transferees will agree) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. 

27 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman
Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification
of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public
policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association will provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent
permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud or willful
default. We may purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors
against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify
our officers and directors. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us
pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy
as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

None
of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities
are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will pay an
affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Our Sponsor, officers and
directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting,
management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known,
in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the
post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers
will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Ordinary Shares as of the date hereof by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding Ordinary Shares; 

each
 of our officers and directors; and 

all
 of our officers and directors as a group. 

28 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary
shares beneficially owned by them. 

The
beneficial ownership of our Ordinary Shares is based on an aggregate of 8,941,000 Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding as of the
date hereof. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number
 of Ordinary Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Approximate
 Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 
 10XYZ Holdings
 LP (3) 
 2,044,000 
 22.9 
 
 Xiaofeng Yuan (3) 
 2,044,000 
 22.9 
 
 Taylor Zhang (3) 
 2,044,000 
 22.9 
 
 Cathy Jiang 

Joel Mayersohn 

Brian Hartzband 

All executive officers and
 directors as a group (5 individuals) 
 2,044,000 
 22.9 

Hudson Bay Capital Management
LP (4) 
 500,000 
 5.6 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 420 Lexington Ave Suite 2446, New York,
 NY 10170. 

(2) 
 Interests
 shown consist of Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares. 

(3) 
 Each
 of Xiaofeng Yuan, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board of Directors and Taylor Zhang, our Chief Financial Officer,
 may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by our Sponsor by virtue of his control over 10XYZ Management LLC, the general partner
 of our Sponsor, as its managing members. Each of Mr. Yuan and Mr. Zhang disclaims beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares held
 by our Sponsor other than to the extent of his pecuniary interest in such shares. 

(4) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting persons. Mr. Sander Gerber serves as the managing member of Hudson Bay Capital GP LLC,
 which is the general partner of Hudson Bay Capital Management LP. Mr. Gerber disclaims beneficial ownership of these securities. The
 address for the reporting persons is 28 Havemeyer Place, 2nd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

In
March 2021, we issued an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares to our Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.017 per share. On December 20, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company and our Sponsor, as sole shareholder of the Company, approved,
through a special resolution, the following share capital changes: 

(a) 
 Each
 of the authorized but unissued 150,000,000 Class A ordinary shares were cancelled and re-designated as ordinary shares of 0.0001
 par value each; 

(b) 
 Each
 of the 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares in issue were exchanged in consideration for the issuance of 1,437,500 ordinary shares of
 0.0001 par value each; and 

(c) 
 Upon
 completion of the above steps, the authorized but unissued 10,000,000 Class B ordinary shares were cancelled. 

29 

On
December 20, 2021, the Company issued an additional 287,500 Ordinary Shares to our Sponsor for no additional consideration, resulting
in our Sponsor holding an aggregate of 1,725,000 Ordinary Shares (the Founder Shares ). The issuance was considered as a
bonus share issuance, in substance a recapitalization transaction, which was recorded and presented retroactively. The Founder Shares
include an aggregate of up to 225,000 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment
is not exercised in full or in part. With the consummation of the IPO (including partial exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment
option), 75,000 Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting in our Sponsor holding an aggregate of 1,650,000 Founder Shares. 

On
October 18, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private placement
(the Private Placement of 394,000 Units (the Placement Units ), each Placement Unit consisting of one Ordinary
Share (the Private Placement Share and one right (the Private Placement Right ), to the Sponsor at a price
of 10.00 per Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of 3,940,000. The Private Placement Shares and the Private Placement Rights
(including the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of the Private Placement Rights) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions,
be transferred, assigned or sold by it until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. There will be no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares, or Private Placement
Rights which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a business combination within the allotted 9-month period (or up to 18 months
from the closing of our IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time). The issuance
of the Placement Units was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. 

As
more fully discussed in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest, 
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any
entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under
Cayman Islands law. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take
priority over their duties to us. 

We
entered into an Administrative Services Agreement with our Sponsor pursuant to which we will pay a total of 10,000 per month for office
space, administrative and support services to such affiliate. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation,
we will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of our initial business combination takes the maximum
9 months (or up to 18 months from the closing of our IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the
full amount of time), an affiliate of our Sponsor will be paid a total of 120,000 10,000 per month) for office space, administrative
and support services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. 

Our
Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers, directors or
our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling
on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Pursuant
to a promissory note, our Sponsor agreed to loan to us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our IPO. As of December
31, 2022, we did not have any borrowings under the promissory note with our Sponsor. 

30 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination
up to three times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a business combination) without submitting
such proposed extensions to our shareholders for approval or offering our public shareholders redemption rights in connection therewith.
In order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our Sponsor or its affiliates or designees,
upon ten days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account 660,000 0.10 per share) on or prior
to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate of 1,980,000, or 0.30 per share, if we
extend for the full nine months). Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. Any such loans will be non-interest bearing
and payable upon the consummation of our initial business combination. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay
such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. If we do not complete a business combination, we will not
repay such loans. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate
of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete
an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close,
we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust
account would be used for such repayment. 

Up
to 1,500,000 of the loans made by our Sponsor, our officers and directors, or our or their affiliates to us prior to or in connection
with our initial business combination may be convertible into Units, at a price of 10.00 per Unit at the option of the lender, upon
consummation of our initial business combination. The Units would be identical to the Placement Units. The terms of such loans by our
Sponsor, our officers and directors, or their affiliates, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, our officers and directors or an affiliate of theirs
as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access
to funds in our trust account 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

We
entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the Founder Shares, Placement Units, and Units that may be issued on conversion
of working capital loans (and in each case holders of their component securities, as applicable). 

Related
Party Policy 

We
have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions
discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

We
have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions
approved by our Board of Directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under
our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any
indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the Company. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public
filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge
upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report
on Form 8-K. 

31 

In
addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we have adopted prior to the consummation of our IPO, is responsible
for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority
of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related
party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous
written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. We also require
each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information
about related party transactions. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our Sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to
acquire or an independent accounting firm, that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their
affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, the
following payments will be made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the
proceeds of our IPO held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment
 of up to an aggregate of up to 300,000 in loans, if any, made to us by our Sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational
 expenses; 

Payment
 to an affiliate of our Sponsor of 10,000 per month, for up to 9 months (or up to 18 months from the closing of our IPO if we extend
 the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time), for office space, utilities and secretarial
 and administrative support; 

Reimbursement
 for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

Repayment
 of non-interest bearing loans which may be made by our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors
 to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination and repayment of non-interest bearing loans
 which may be made by our Sponsor or its affiliates to extend our time period for consummating a business combination, the terms of
 which (other than as described above) have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto.
 Up to 1,500,000 of the loans made by our Sponsor, our officers and directors, or our or their affiliates to us prior to or in connection
 with our initial business combination may be convertible into Units, at a price of 10.00 per Unit at the option of the lender, upon
 consummation of our initial business combination. The Units would be identical to the Placement Units. 

Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

Director
Independence 

The
Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our Board of Directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person who has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer
of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board has determined that each of Cathy Jiang, Joel Mayersohn and Brian
Hartzband is an independent director under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings
at which only independent directors are present. 

32 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP Marcum for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for
the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022
total 59,740 The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. We did not pay Marcum for professional
services rendered for audit related fees for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

1.
The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

Financial
Statements: See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein and Index to Financial Statements 
and financial statements incorporated by reference therein commencing below. 

2.
Exhibits: The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

33 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2022) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Unit Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-1 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on September 12, 2022) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-1 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on September 12, 2022) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen
 Right Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form S-1 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on September 12, 2022) 

4.4 
 
 Rights
 Agreement, dated October 13, 2022, by and between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2022) 

10.1 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated October 13, 2022, by and among the Registrant, its officers and directors, and 10XYZ Holdings LP (incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2022) 

10.2 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Agreement, dated October 13, 2022, by and between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer Trust Company,
 LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October
 19, 2022) 

10.3 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated October 13, 2022, by and between the Registrant and 10XYZ Holdings LP (incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2022) 

10.4 
 
 Private
 Placement Unit Subscription Agreement, dated October 13, 2022, by and between the Registrant and 10XYZ Holdings LP (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2022) 

10.5 
 
 Securities
 Subscription Agreement, dated March 24, 2021, by and between the Registrant and 10XYZ Holdings LP (incorporated herein by reference
 to Exhibit 10.5 to Form S-1 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2022) 

10.6 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Securities Subscription Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, by and between the Registrant and 10XYZ Holdings LP (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Form S-1 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2022) 

10.7 
 
 Form
 of Administrative Services Agreement, by and between the Registrant and 10XYZ Holdings LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 10.8 to Form S-1 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2022) 

14 
 
 Form
 of Code of Ethics (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14 to Form S-1 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on September 12, 2022) 

99.1 
 
 Form
 of Audit Committee Charter (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form S-1 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on September 12, 2022) 

99.2 
 
 Form
 of Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Form S-1 as filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on September 12, 2022) 

34 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document the Inline XBRL Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its XBRL tags
 are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

35 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TENX
 KEANE ACQUISITION 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Xiaofeng Yuan 

Xiaofeng
 Yuan 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Taylor Zhang 

Taylor
 Zhang 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Xiaofeng Yuan 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 April 17,
 2023 
 
 Xiaofeng
 Yuan 
 
 (Principle
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Taylor Zhang 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 April 17,
 2023 
 
 Taylor
 Zhang 
 
 (Principal
 Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Cathy Jiang 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17,
 2023 
 
 Cathy
 Jiang 

/s/
 Joel Mayersohn 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17,
 2023 
 
 Alfred
 Trey Hickey 

/s/
 Brian Hartzband 
 
 Director

April 17,
 2023 
 
 Brian
 Hartzband 

36 

TenX
Keane Acquisition 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Page 
 
 Financial
 Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB # 
 F-1 
 
 Balance
 Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Statements
 of Operations for the Year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception)
 through December 31, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows for the Year ended December 31, 2022, for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F -5 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 F-6 

37 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements
of operations, shareholders equity (deficit) and cash flows the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 1,
2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds
to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. In addition, if the Company is unable to complete a business combination by July
18, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit s included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit s also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

Marcum
 llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April
17, 2023 

F- 1 

TENX
KEANE ACQUISITION 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current
 Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Deferred
 offering costs 

Total
 Current Assets 

Investments
 held in trust account 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current
 Liabilities: 

Accrued
 formation costs 

Due
 to related party 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Ordinary
 shares subject to possible redemption shares
 at per
 share) 

Shareholders 
 Deficit: 

Preferred
 shares, par
 value; shares
 authorized; issued
 and outstanding 

Ordinary
 shares, par
 value; shares
 authorized; 

shares issued and outstanding (excluding 
 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Ordinary
 shares, 0.0001 par value; 150,000,000 shares authorized; 2,416,000 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 6,600,000 shares subject
 to possible redemption) 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Shareholder
 receivable 

Retained
 earnings (accumulated deficit) 

Total
 Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

T otal
 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

TENX
KEANE ACQUISITION 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

FOR
 THE 
 YEAR 
 ENDED 
 DECEMBER 31, 
 2022 
 FOR
 THE 
 PERIOD 
 FROM 
 MARCH 1, 
 2021 
 (INCEPTION) 
 THROUGH 
 DECEMBER 31, 
 2021 
 
 General
 and administrative costs 

Operating
 loss 

Other Income 

Interest income on investments
 held in trust account 

Change
 in derivative liability 

Total
 other income 

Net
 income (loss) 

Weighted
 average ordinary shares outstanding, basic and diluted for ordinary shares not subject to redemption 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share
 for ordinary shares not subject to redemption 

Weighted
average ordinary shares outstanding, basic and diluted for ordinary shares subject to redemption 

- 

Basic
 and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share for ordinary shares subject to redemption 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

TENX
KEANE ACQUISITION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 For
the YEAR ended DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Earnings 
 (Deficit) 

Ordinary
 Shares 
 Additional
 Paid-in 
 Shareholder 
 (Accumulated
 Deficit) 
 Retained 
 Total
 Shareholders 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Earnings 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance,
 January 1, 2022 

Payment
 for founder shares 

Private
 placement rights proceeds 

Fair value of public rights 

Fair value of underwriter
 shares 

Issuance costs 

Remeasurement of ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Net
 income 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

For
the PERIOD FROM MARCH 1, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Ordinary
 Shares 
 Additional
 Paid-in 
 Shareholder 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, March 1, 2021 

Issuance of ordinary shares to
 Sponsor 

Net loss 

Net income
 (loss) 

Balance, December 31,
 2021 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

TENX
KEANE ACQUISITION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR
 THE 
 YEAR
 ENDED 
 DECEMBER
 30, 
 2022 
 FOR
 THE 
 PERIOD
 FROM 
 MARCH
 1, 2021 
 (INCEPTION) 
 THROUGH DECEMBER
 31, 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating
 activities: 

Net income
 (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest income on investments
 held in trust account 

Change in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Formation and organization
 costs paid by related parties 

Deferred offering costs 

Accrued
 expenses 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing
 activities: 

Cash deposited into
 trust account 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing
 activities: 

Sale of ordinary shares 

Net proceeds from sale of private placement ordinary shares 

Underwriting fee 

Other fees 

Proceeds from issuance ordinary shares to sponsor 

Repayment of sponsor
 note 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Non-cash financing activities: 

Remeasurement of ordinary shares subject to redemption 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred offering costs
 included in due to related party 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

TENX
KEANE ACQUISITION 

 Notes
to the financial statements 

units, including additional
units issued pursuant to the partial exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option, Units and, with respect
to the common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of ,
which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private placement (the Private
Placement of Units (the Placement Units ), to the 10XYZ Holdings LP (the Sponsor at a price
of per Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of . 

As
of October 18, 2022, transaction costs amounted to consisting of of cash underwriting fees, non-cash underwriting
fees of represented by the fair value of shares issued to the underwriter and of other offering costs. These
costs were charged to additional paid-in capital or accumulated deficit to the extent additional paid-in capital is fully depleted upon
completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on October 18, 2022, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the
sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement (as defined in Note 4) was placed in the Trust Account. The
funds held in the Trust Account may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any
open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7
of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination or (ii)
the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. The stock exchange listing rules require that the Business Combination must be with one or more
operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below)
(excluding the taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the
post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will
be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering, management has agreed that 
per Unit sold in the Proposed Public Offering, including proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units, will be held in a trust
account (the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as
a money market fund investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act,
as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds
in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. 

The
Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer in connection with the Business Combination. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to
redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public
Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). 

All
of the Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s
liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Company s Business Combination and in connection
with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ).
In accordance with the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and its guidance on redeemable equity
instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company require common
stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares will be issued with other freestanding
instruments (i.e., rights), the initial carrying value of ordinary shares classified as temporary equity will be the allocated proceeds
determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. The ordinary shares are subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument
will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date
of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption
date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of
the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to immediate fair value recognition.
The accretion will be treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional
paid-in capital). While redemptions cannot cause the Company s net tangible assets to fall below , the Public Shares
are redeemable and will be classified as such on the balance sheet until such date that a redemption event takes place. 

The
Company will not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than (so that it does
not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that
may be contained in the agreement relating to the Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination,
the Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving
a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
of the Company, or such other vote as required by law or stock exchange rule. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does
not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement
with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination,
the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed
Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public
Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination and the Company does not conduct redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules, a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder
is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public
Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

The
Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with
the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
(i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial
Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval
of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the Trust account and not previously released to pay taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public
Shares. 

The
Company will have until 9 months (or 18 months if the Company extends the period) from the closing of the Public Offering to consummate
a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). However, if the Company has not completed a Business Combination within
the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem of the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned and not previously released to us to pay our
taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public
Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of the Company s remaining Public Shareholders and its Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the
Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The
Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares it will
receive if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or any of its
respective affiliates acquire Public Shares, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible
that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Public Offering price per Unit ). 

In
order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent
any claims by a third party (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce
the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (1) per Public Share and (2) the actual amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share, due to reductions
in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply to any
claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and as to any claims under the
Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Proposed Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will
seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to
have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Going
Concern Consideration 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management
believes that the funds which the Company has available following the completion of the Initial Public Offering will enable it to sustain
operations for a period of at least one-year from the issuance date of this financial statement. However, management has determined that
the combination period is less than one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements. There is no assurance that the
Company s plans to consummate a business combination will be successful within the combination period. As a result, there is substantial
doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are
issued or are available to be issued. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of the
uncertainty. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, close of the Proposed Public Offering and/or
search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

, and , respectively. 

ASC
740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be
sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
as income tax expense. There were unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022
and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals
or material deviation from its position. 

There
is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman income tax regulations,
income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statements. 

and , respectively, are presented as temporary
equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. 

Proceeds allocated to public rights 

Offering costs allocated ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Remeasurement of ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Ordinary shares subject
 to possible redemption 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares
 outstanding 

Basic and diluted net
 income per share 

For
 the Year Ended
 December 31, 2021 

Ordinary
 Shares 
 
 Basic and
 diluted net income per share 

Numerator: 

Net
 income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Basic
 and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic
 and diluted net income per share 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account. 

Units, including additional units issued pursuant to the partial exercise
by the underwriter of its over-allotment option at a price of per Unit. (see Note 7). 

Private Placement Units. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be
used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law). The Private Placement Units and Private
Rights (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Rights) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until
30 days after the completion of an Initial Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions. 

of the Company s ordinary shares (the Founder Shares in exchange
for to be paid at a later date. On December 20, 2021, the board of directors of the Company and our sponsor, as sole shareholder
of the Company, approved, through a special resolution, the following share capital changes: 

(a) 
 Each
 of the authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares were cancelled and re-designated as ordinary shares of 
 par value each; 

(b) 
 Each
 of the Class B ordinary shares in issue were exchanged in consideration for the issuance of ordinary shares of
 par value each; and 

(c) 
 Upon
 completion of the above steps, the authorized but unissued Class B ordinary shares were cancelled. 

On
December 20, 2021, subsequent to the above share exchange the Company issued an additional ordinary shares to our Sponsor for
no additional consideration, resulting in our Sponsor holding an aggregate of ordinary shares (the founder shares). The issuance
was considered as a bonus share issuance, in substance a recapitalization transaction, which was recorded and presented retroactively.
The founder shares include an aggregate of up to ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part. On October 18, 2022, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment and as
such, as of November 28, 2022, ordinary shares are not subject to forfeiture. 

The
Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur
of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported
sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business
Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction
that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of ordinary shares for cash, securities or other
property. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
March 17, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note (the Pre-IPO Note to the Company (the
 Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of .
The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) September 30, 2022 or (ii) the consummation of the
Proposed Public Offering. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under the Promissory
Note. After expiration of the Promissory Note, the Sponsor issued a new unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Post-IPO
Promissory Note on April 14, 2023. The Post-IPO Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) April
14, 2024 or (ii) the date of consummation of the Company s
initial business combination or liquidation (such earlier date, the Maturity Date ). 

Advances
from Related Party 

The
Sponsor paid certain formation and operating costs on behalf of the Company. These advances are due on demand and non-interest bearing.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount due to the Sponsor was and , respectively. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

Commencing
on the date the Units are first listed on the Nasdaq, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s
liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The Company has incurred expense of for the year ended December
31, 2022. expense was incurred in 2021. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of
a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of the notes may be converted into units,
at the price of per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the Private Placement Units In the event
that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working
Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 

additional Units
to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriter
partially exercised the over-allotment in the amount of Units during the option period. 

The
underwriters are entitled to a cash underwriting discount of per Unit payable upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

The
underwriters are also entitled to ordinary shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) as part of its
underwriting fee. Due to the partial exercise, the shares granted at October 18, 2022 were . 

preferred shares with a par value of per share with such
designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Ordinary
Shares The Company is authorized to issue ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders
of ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were ordinary shares issued and outstanding, of which an aggregate of up
to ordinary shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised
in full or in part so that the number of Founder Shares will equal of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares
after the Initial Public Offering (excluding private placement shares) or approximately (including private placement shares). The
underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment and as such ordinary shares are not subject to forfeiture as of October 18,
2022. 

Only
holders of the founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders of
ordinary shares and holders of founder shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders
except as otherwise required by law. In connection with our initial business combination, we may enter into a shareholders agreement
or other arrangements with the shareholders of the target or other investors to provide for voting or other corporate governance arrangements
that differ from those in effect upon completion of this offering. 

In
the case that additional shares of ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts
issued in the Proposed Public Offering and relate to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which founder shares will be
adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of founder shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect
to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, of the sum of the total
number of all shares of ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of Proposed Public Offering plus all shares of ordinary shares
and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (net of the number of shares of ordinary
shares redeemed in connection with a Business Combination), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any
seller of an interest in the target to us in a Business Combination. 

Rights
 - Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will automatically
receive two-tenths (2/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of the initial business combination. The Company will not issue fractional
shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise
addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of Cayman law. 

- 

F- 14 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Xiaofeng Yuan, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of TenX Keane Acquisition (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
April 17, 2023 

/s/
 Xiaofeng Yuan 

Xiaofeng
 Yuan 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Taylor Zhang, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of TenX Keane Acquisition (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
April 17, 2023 

/s/
 Taylor Zhang 

Taylor
 Zhang 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 as
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of TenX Keane Acquisition (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Xiaofeng Yuan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
April 17, 2023 

/s/
 Xiaofeng Yuan 

Xiaofeng
 Yuan 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 as
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of TenX Keane Acquisition (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Taylor Zhang, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
April 17, 2023 

/s/
 Taylor Zhang 

Taylor
 Zhang 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tenku-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tenku-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tenku-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tenku-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

