<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1417926_0001493152-23-012532.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7417280</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>301863</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1248228</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2348056</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1561351</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1783570</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012532.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417160547
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012532
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INVO Bioscience, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001417926
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				204036208
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39701
		FILM NUMBER:		23823992

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5582 BROADCAST COURT
		CITY:			SARASOTA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(978) 878-9505

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5582 BROADCAST COURT
		CITY:			SARASOTA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34240

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EMY'S SALSA AJI DISTRIBUTION COMPANY, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012532.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

Annual
 Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 

or 

Transition
 Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
 the transition period from to 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (Commission 
 File
 No.) 
 
 (IRS
 Employee 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

 (Address
of Principal Executive Offices) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. Yes No 

Indicate by
check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received
by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2022 was based upon the closing
price of the registrant s common stock of 0.64 on the NASDAQ as of that date. 

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par value, as of April 17, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

FORM
10-K 

 INVO
BIOSCIENCE, INC. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 13 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 27 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrants Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 
 41 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 42 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 43 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 43 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 44 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 44 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive and Director Compensation 
 
 44 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 44 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 44 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 44 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 45 

SIGNATURES 
 
 48 

2 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives,
and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believes, 
 project, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, strategy, 
 plan, may, will, would, will be, will continue, will
likely result, and similar expressions. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe-harbor provisions
for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and are including this statement for
purposes of complying with those safe-harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions
that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements.
Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a
material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects on a consolidated basis include, but are not limited to: changes in economic
conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital, interest rates, competition, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
on our ability to advance our clinical programs and raise additional financing and generally accepted accounting principles. These risks
and uncertainties should also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. Further information concerning our business, including additional factors that could materially affect our
financial results, is included herein and in our other filings with the SEC. 

3 

Part
I 

Item
1. Business 

Introduction 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K should be read together and in connection with the other reports that have been filed by us with the SEC for
a comprehensive description of our financial condition and operating results. In the interest of disclosure, we have included in this
Form 10-K certain material events and developments that have taken place through the date of filing of this Form 10-K with the SEC. 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, INVO Bioscience, Inc. (INVO Bioscience, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, is referred to in this
document as we , us , INVO Bioscience , INVO, or the Company ), incorporates
by reference certain information from parts of other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ).
The SEC allows us to disclose important information by referring to it in that manner. Please refer to all such information when reading
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All information is as of December 31, 2022, unless otherwise indicated. For a description of the risk
factors affecting or applicable to our business, see Risk Factors, below. 

The
Company 

We
are a commercial-stage fertility company dedicated to expanding the assisted reproductive technology ART marketplace
by making fertility care accessible and inclusive to people around the world. Our primary mission is to implement new medical
technologies aimed at increasing the availability of affordable, high-quality, patient-centered fertility care. Our flagship product
is INVOcell, a revolutionary medical device that allows fertilization and early embryo development to take place in vivo 
within the woman s body. This treatment solution is the world s first intravaginal culture technique for the incubation
of oocytes and sperm during fertilization and early embryo development. This technique, designated as IVC , provides
patients a more connected and intimate experience at a more affordable cost in comparison to in vitro fertilization IVF ), the other advanced ART treatment. The IVC procedure can deliver comparable results to IVF and is a
significantly more effective treatment than intrauterine insemination IUI ). Our commercialization strategy is focused
on the opening of dedicated INVO Centers offering the INVOcell and IVC procedure (with three centers in North America
now operational) and the acquisition of existing IVF clinics, in addition to continuing to sell our technology solution into existing fertility clinics. 

Recent
Developments 

January
and March 2023 Convertible Note and Warrant Financings 

In
January and March 2023, we sold unsecured convertible notes of the Company in the aggregate original principal amount of 410,000 (the
 Convertible Notes with a fixed conversion prices of 0.50 (for the 275,000 of January 2023 Notes) and 0.60 (for the
 135,000 of March 2023 Notes) and (ii) 5-year warrants (the Note Warrants to purchase 387,500 shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of 1.00 (subject to adjustments) (the Note and Warrant Private Placement ). The proceeds
were used for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

Interest
on the Convertible Notes accrues at a rate of ten percent (10 per annum and is payable at the holder s option either in cash
or in shares of the Company s common stock at the conversion price set forth in the Convertible Notes on December 31, 2023, unless
converted earlier. 

All
amounts due under the Convertible Notes are convertible at any time after the issuance date, in whole or in part (subject to rounding
for fractional shares), at the option of the holders into the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price for the Notes
as described above. 

4 

Upon
any issuance by the Company of any of its equity securities in an underwritten offering, including Common Stock, for cash consideration,
indebtedness or a combination thereof after the date hereof (a Subsequent Equity Financing ), each holder shall have the
option to convert the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest of its Convertible Note into the number of fully paid and
non-assessable shares of securities issued in the Subsequent Equity Financing equal to the product of unpaid principal, together with
the balance of unpaid and accrued interest and other amounts payable hereunder, divided by the price per share paid by the investors
in the Subsequent Equity Financing multiplied by 80 , provided however, that any conversion shall only be allowed if the Subsequent Equity
Financing conversion price is equal to or greater than the Minimum Price (as defined in the Convertible Notes) including an appropriate
allocation any warrants offered. 

A
Convertible Note may not be converted and shares of common stock may not be issued under the Convertible Notes if, after giving effect
to the conversion or issuance, the holder together with its affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 of the Company s
outstanding ordinary shares. 

The
Company may prepay the Convertible Notes at any time in whole or in part by paying a s sum of money equal to 100 of the principal amount
to be redeemed, together with accrued and unpaid interest. 

The
Company entered into a registration rights agreement with the holders of and of even date with the Convertible Notes (the Note
RRA ). Pursuant to the terms of Note RRA, if the Company determines to register any of its securities, either for its own account
or the account of a security holder or holders, other than (i) a registration relating solely to employee benefit plans on Form S-8 (or
any successor form) or (ii) a registration relating solely to a Commission Rule 145 transaction on Form S-4 (or any successor form),
the Company will include in such registration, and in any underwriting involved therein, the shares underlying the Convertible Notes
and Note Warrants delivered pursuant to the Note and Warrant Purchase Agreements, subject to, in the case of an underwritten registration,
the discretion of the managing underwriter to reduce any or all piggyback registration shares if in its good faith judgment such inclusion
would affect the successful marketing of the underwritten offering. 

February
2023 Convertible Debentures 

On
February 3, and February 17, 2023, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements (the February Purchase Agreements with accredited investors (the February Investors for the purchase of (i) convertible debentures of the Company in the
aggregate original principal amount of 500,000 (the February Debentures for a purchase price of 450,000, (ii) warrants
(the February Warrant to purchase 250,000 shares (the February Warrant Shares of the Company s common
stock par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.75 per share, and (iii) 83,333 shares of Common
Stock (the February Commitment Shares issued as an inducement for issuing the Debentures. The proceeds, net of placement
agent and legal fees, are being used for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

Pursuant
to the February Debentures, interest on the February Debentures accrues at a rate of eight percent (8 per annum and is payable at maturity,
one year from the date of the February Debentures. 

All
amounts due under the February Debentures are convertible at any time after the issuance date, in whole or in part, at the option of
the February Investors into Common Stock at an initial price of 0.52 per share. This conversion price is subject to adjustment for stock
splits, combinations or similar events and anti-dilution provisions, among other adjustments and is subject to a floor price. 

The
Company may prepay the February Debentures at any time in whole or in part by paying a sum of money equal to 105 of the principal amount
to be redeemed, together with accrued and unpaid interest. 

While
any portion of each February Debenture remains outstanding, if the Company receives cash proceeds of more than 2,000,000 (the Minimum
Threshold in the aggregate from any source or series of related or unrelated sources, the February Investors shall have the right
in their sole discretion to require the Company to immediately apply up to 50 of all proceeds received by the Company above the Minimum
Threshold to repay the outstanding amounts owed under the February Debentures. 

5 

The
Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the February RRA with the February Investor that signed its purchase
agreement on February 3, 2023 (the Feb 3 Investor ). Pursuant to the terms of February RRA, the Company has agreed to file
with the SEC an initial registration statement on Form S-3 (or Form S-1 if S-3 is not available) covering the resale of all of the securities
acquired by the Feb 3 Investor under its February Purchase Agreement. The filing of such initial registration statement is to occur within
90 days of February 3, 2023. 

On
March 31, 2023, having received notice from the February Investor that signed its purchase agreement on February 17, 2023 (the Feb
17 Investor requesting repayment of its February Debenture, the Company paid the Feb 17 Investor 170,000, including interest
and the prepayment premium. After such payment, the principal due the Feb 17 Investor under its debenture was reduced from 200,000 to
 39,849. 

On
April 3, 2023, having received notice from the Feb 3 Investor requesting repayment of its February Debenture, the Company paid the
Feb 3 Investor 213,879, including interest and the prepayment premium. After such payment, the principal due the Feb 3 Investor
under its debenture was reduced from 300,000 to 100,000. 

February
2023 Equity Purchase Agreement 

On
February 3, 2023, the Company entered into an equity purchase agreement (the ELOC and registration rights agreement (the
 ELOC RRA with the Feb 3 Investor pursuant to which the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Feb
3 Investor to purchase up to 10.0 million (the Maximum Commitment Amount of shares of Common Stock, in multiple tranches.
Further, under the ELOC and subject to the Maximum Commitment Amount, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to submit notices
to the Feb 3 Investor to purchase shares of Common Stock (i) in a minimum amount of not less than 25,000 and (ii) in a maximum amount
of up to the lesser of (a) 750,000 or (b) 200 of the Company s average daily trading value of the Common Stock. 

Also on February 3, 2023, the Company issued to the
Feb 3 Investor 150,000 shares of Common Stock for its commitment to enter into the ELOC. 

The
obligation of the Feb 3 Investor to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to the ELOC ends on the earlier of (i) the date on which
the purchases under the ELOC equal the Maximum Commitment Amount, (ii) 24 months after the date of the ELOC (February 3, 2025), (iii)
written notice of termination by the Company, (iv) the date that the ELOC RRA is no longer effective after its initial effective date,
or (v) the date that the Company commences a voluntary case or any person or entity commences a proceeding against the Company pursuant
to or within the meaning of federal or state bankruptcy law, a custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all
of its property, or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors (the Commitment Period ). 

During
the Commitment Period, the price that Feb 3 Investor will pay to purchase the shares of Common Stock that it is obligated to purchase
under the ELOC shall be 97 of the market price, which is defined as the lesser of (i) the lowest closing price of our
Common Stock during the 7 trading day-period following the clearance date associated with the applicable put notice from the Company
or (ii) the lowest closing bid price of the Common Stock on the principal trading market for the Common Stock (currently, the Nasdaq
Capital Market) on the trading day immediately preceding a put date. 

Execution
of Definitive Agreements to Acquire the Wisconsin Fertility Institute 

On
March 16, 2023, INVO, through Wood Violet Fertility LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Wood Violet and wholly
owned subsidiary of INVO Centers LLC, a Delaware company INVO CTR wholly-owned by INVO, entered into binding
purchase agreements to acquire Wisconsin Fertility Institute Wisconsin Fertility for a combined purchase price of 10
million. 

The
purchase price is payable in four installments of 2.5 million each (which payments may be offset by assumption of certain Wisconsin Fertility liabilities,
payable at closing and on each of the subsequent three anniversaries of closing. The sellers have the option to take all or a portion
of the final three installments in shares of INVO common stock valued at 6.25, 9.09, and 14.29, for the second, third, and final installments,
respectively. 

Wisconsin
Fertility is comprised of (a) a medical practice, Wisconsin Fertility and Reproductive Surgery Associates, S.C., a Wisconsin
professional service corporation d/b/a Wisconsin Fertility Institute WFRSA ), and (b) a laboratory services company,
Fertility Labs of Wisconsin, LLC, a Wisconsin limited liability company FLOW ). WFRSA owns, operates and manages the
Clinic s fertility practice that provides direct treatment to patients focused on fertility, gynecology and obstetrics care
and surgical procedures, and employs physicians and other healthcare providers to deliver such services and procedures. FLOW
provides WFRSA with related laboratory services. 

6 

March
2023 Registered Direct Offering 

On
March 23, 2023, INVO entered into a securities purchase agreement (the March Purchase Agreement with a certain institutional
investor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to such investor (i) in a registered direct offering, 1,380,000 shares
(the March Shares of Common Stock, and pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase up to 2,300,000
shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, and (ii) in a concurrent private placement, common stock purchase warrants
(the March Warrants ), exercisable for an aggregate of up to 5,520,000 shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price of 0.63
per share. The securities to be issued in the registered direct offering (priced at the marked under Nasdaq rules) were offered pursuant
to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File 333-255096) (the Shelf Registration Statement ), initially
filed by the Company with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), on April 7, 2021 and
declared effective on April 16, 2021. The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable upon issuance and will remain exercisable until all of
the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. 

The
March Warrants (and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants) were not registered under the Securities
Act and were offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided in Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder. The March Warrants are immediately exercisable upon issuance, will expire
eight years from the date of issuance, and in certain circumstances may be exercised on a cashless basis. 

On
March 27, 2023, the Company closed the offering, raising gross proceeds of approximately 3 million before deducting placement agent
fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. In the event that all March Warrants are exercised for cash, the Company would
receive additional gross proceeds of approximately 3.5 million. Under the March Purchase Agreement, the Company may use a portion of
the net proceeds of the offering to (a) repay February Debentures, and (b) to pay the down payment for Wisconsin Fertility acquisition.
The remainder of the net proceeds will be used for working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes. 

Under
the March Purchase Agreement, the Company is required within 30 days of the closing date of the offering to file a registration statement
on Form S-1 (the Resale Registration Statement registering the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise of the March Warrants. The Company is required to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration to become effective
within 75 days of the closing date of the offering (or 120 days if the registration statement is subject to a full-review by the SEC),
and to keep such registration statement effective at all times until no March Warrants remain outstanding. 

In
addition, pursuant to certain lock-up agreements, our officers and directors have agreed, for a period of 180 days from
the date of the offering, not to engage in any of the following, whether directly or indirectly, without the consent of the March Purchase
Agreement investor: offer to sell, sell, contract to sell pledge, grant, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of our common stock or
any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock (the Lock-Up Securities enter into any
swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up
Securities; make any demand for or exercise any right or cause to be filed a registration statement, including any amendments thereto,
with respect to the registration of any Lock-Up Securities; enter into any transaction, swap, hedge, or other arrangement relating to
any Lock-Up Securities subject to customary exceptions; or publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing. 

Notices
from Nasdaq of Failure to Satisfy Continued Listing Rules. 

Notice
Regarding Non-Compliance with Minimum Stockholders Equity 

On
November 23, 2022, we received notice (the Stockholders Equity Notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq advising us that we were not in compliance with the minimum stockholders equity requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq
Capital Market. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) requires companies listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market to maintain stockholders 
equity of at least 2,500,000 (the Stockholders Equity Requirement). In our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended September 30, 2022, we reported stockholders equity of 1,287,224, which is below the Stockholders Equity Requirement
for continued listing. Additionally, as of the date of the Notice, we did not meet either of the alternative Nasdaq continued listing
standards under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, market value of listed securities of at least 35 million, or net income of 500,000 from continuing
operations in the most recently completed fiscal year, or in two of the three most recently completed fiscal years. 

7 

The
Notice has no immediate effect on the listing of our common stock and our common stock continues to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbol INVO subject to our compliance with the other continued listing requirements. 

Pursuant
to the Notice, Nasdaq gave us 45 calendar days, or until January 7, 2023, to submit to Nasdaq a plan to regain compliance. If our plan
is accepted, Nasdaq may grant an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date of the Notice to evidence compliance. 

On
January 18, 2023, we received a letter from Nasdaq under which it stated that based on our submission that Nasdaq has determined to grant
us an extension of time to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b) until May 22, 2023. We must furnish to the SEC and Nasdaq
a publicly available report (e.g. a Form 8-K) which report, among other things, includes a description of the completed transaction or
event that enabled us to satisfy the stockholders equity requirement for continued listing After filing the publicly available
report described above, if we fail to evidence compliance upon filing its periodic report for the June 30, 2023, with the SEC and Nasdaq,
we may be subject to delisting. In the event we do not satisfy these terms, Nasdaq will provide written notification that its securities
will be delisted. At that time, we may appeal Nasdaq s determination to a Hearings Panel. 

Notice
Regarding Failure to Maintain Minimum Bid Price 

On
January 11, 2023, we received a letter from the staff (the Staff of Nasdaq listing qualifications group indicating that,
based upon the closing bid price of our common stock for the last 30 consecutive business days, we were not in compliance with the requirement
to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share for continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

The
notice has no immediate effect on the listing of our common stock, and our common stock will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol INVO. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have been provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until July 10, 2023,
to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. If at any time before July 10, 2023, the closing bid price of our common
stock closes at or above 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide written notification that
we have achieved compliance with the minimum bid price requirement, and the matter would be resolved. If we do not regain compliance
prior to July 10, 2023, then Nasdaq may grant us a second 180 calendar day period to regain compliance, provided we (i) meets the continued
listing requirement for market value of publicly-held shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market, other
than the minimum closing bid price requirement, and (ii) notifies Nasdaq of its intent to cure the deficiency within such second 180
calendar day period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. 

We
will continue to monitor the closing bid price of our common stock and will consider implementing available options to regain compliance
with the minimum bid price requirement under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. If we do not regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement
within the allotted compliance periods, we will receive a written notification from Nasdaq that its securities are subject to delisting.
We would then be entitled to appeal that determination to a Nasdaq hearings panel. There can be no assurance that we will regain compliance
during either compliance period, or maintain compliance with the other Nasdaq listing requirements. 

8 

Operations 

We
operate with a core internal team and outsource certain operational functions in order to help accelerate our efforts as well as reduce
internal fixed overhead needs and in-house capital equipment requirements. Our most critical management and leadership functions are
carried out by our core management team. We have contracted out the manufacturing, packaging/labeling and sterilization of the device
to a contract medical manufacturing company that completes final product manufacturing as well as manages the gamma sterilization process
at a U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA registered contract sterilization facility. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had fifteen full time and one part time employee. We also engage consultants to further support our operations. 

Market
Opportunity 

The
global ART marketplace is a large, multi-billion industry growing at a strong pace in many parts of the world as increased infertility
rates, increased patient awareness, acceptance of treatment options, and improving financial incentives such as insurance and governmental
assistance continue to drive demand. According to the European Society for Human Reproduction 2020 ART Fact Sheet, one in six couples
worldwide experience infertility problems. Additionally, the worldwide market remains vastly underserved as a high percentage of patients
in need of care continue to go untreated each year for many reasons, but key among them are capacity constraints and cost barriers. While
there have been large increases in the use of IVF, there are still only approximately 2.6 million ART cycles, including IVF, IUI and
other fertility treatments, performed globally each year, producing around 500,000 babies. This amounts to less than 3 of the infertile
couples worldwide being treated and only 1 having a child though IVF. The industry remains capacity constrained which creates challenges
in providing access to care to the volume of patients in need. A survey by Resolve: The National Infertility Association, 
indicates the two main reasons couples do not use IVF is cost and geographical availability (and/or capacity). 

In
the United States, infertility, according to the American Society of Reproductive Medicine (2017), affects an estimated 10 -15 of the
couples of childbearing-age. According to the Centers for Disease Control CDC ), there are approximately 6.7 million women
with impaired fertility. Based on preliminary 2020 data from the CDC s National ART Surveillance System, approximately 326,000
IVF cycles were performed at 449 IVF centers, leaving the U.S. with a large, underserved patient population, similar to most
markets around the world. 

Competitive
Advantages 

We
believe that the INVOcell, and the IVC procedure it enables, have the following key advantages: 

Lower
cost than IVF with equivalent efficacy . The IVC procedure can be offered for less than IVF due to lower cost of supplies, labor,
capital equipment and general overhead. The laboratory equipment needed to perform an IVF cycle is expensive and requires ongoing costs
as compared to what is required for an IVC cycle. As a result, we also believe INVOcell and the IVC procedure enable a clinic and its
laboratory to be more efficient as compared to conventional IVF. 

The
IVC procedure is currently being offered at several IVF clinics at a price range of 5,000 - 11,000 per cycle and from 4,500 to
 7,000 at the existing INVO Centers, thereby making it more affordable than conventional IVF (which tends to average 12,000 to
 17,000 per cycle or higher). 

9 

Improved
efficiency providing for greater capacity and improved access to care and geographic availability . In many parts of the world, including
the U.S., IVF clinics tend to be concentrated in higher population centers and are often capacity constrained in terms of how many patients
a center can treat, with volume often limited by the number of capital-intensive incubators available in IVF clinic labs. With the significant
number of untreated patients along with the growing interest and demand for services, the industry remains challenged to provide sufficient
access to care and to do so at an economical price. We believe INVOcell, and the IVC procedure it enables, can play a significant role
in helping to address these challenges. According to the 2020 CDC Report, there are approximately 449 IVF centers in the U.S. We estimate
that by adopting the INVOcell, IVF clinics can increase fertility cycle volume by up to 30 without adding to personnel, space and/or
equipment costs. Our own INVO Centers also address capacity constraints by adding to the overall ART cycle capacity and doing so with
comparable efficacy to IVF outcomes as well as at a lower per cycle price. Moreover, we believe that we are uniquely positioned to drive
more significant growth in fertility treatment capacity in the future by partnering with existing OB/GYN practices. In the U.S., there
are an estimated 5,000 OB/GYN offices, many of which offer fertility services (usually limited to consultation and IUI, but not IVF).
Since the IVC procedure requires a much smaller lab facility, less equipment, and fewer lab personnel (in comparison to conventional
IVF), it could potentially be offered as an extended service in an OB/GYN office. With proper training and a lighter lab infrastructure,
the INVOcell could expand the business for these physicians and allow them to treat patients that are unable to afford IVF and provide
patients with a more readily accessible, convenient, and cost-effective solution. With our three-pronged strategy (IVF clinics, INVO
Centers and OB/GYN practices), in addition to lowering costs, we believe INVOcell and the IVC procedure can address our industry s
key challenges, capacity and cost, by their ability to expand and decentralize treatment and increase the number of points of care for
patients in need. This powerful combination of lower cost and added capacity has the potential to dramatically open up access to care
for patients around the world. 

Greater
patient involvement . With the IVC procedure, the patient uses their own body for fertilization, incubation and early embryo development
which creates a greater sense of involvement, comfort and participation. In some cases, this may also free people from barriers related
to ethical or religious concerns, or fears of laboratory mix-ups. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Our
approach to market is focused on identifying partners within targeted geographic regions that we believe can best support our efforts
to expand access to advanced fertility treatment for the large number of underserved infertile people hoping to have a baby. We believe
that the INVOcell-based IVC procedure is an effective and affordable treatment option that greatly reduces the need for more expensive
IVF lab facilities and allows providers to pass on related savings to patients without compromising efficacy. We have been cleared to
sell the INVOcell in the United States since November 2015 after receiving de novo class II clearance from the FDA. Our primary focus
over the past two years has been on establishing INVO Centers in the U.S. and abroad to promote the INVOcell and the IVC procedure and
acquiring existing U.S.-based IVF clinics where we can integrate the INVOcell. While we continue selling the INVOcell directly to IVF
clinics and via distributors and other partners around the world, we have transitioned INVO from being a medical device company to one
that is mostly focused on providing fertility services. 

Ferring 

On
November 12, 2018, we entered into a U.S. Distribution Agreement (the Ferring Agreement with Ferring International Center
S.A. Ferring ), which became effective on January 14, 2019. Pursuant to the Ferring Agreement, among other things, we granted Ferring
an exclusive license in the United States to market, promote, distribute, and sell the INVOcell. Ferring was responsible, at its own
cost, for all commercialization activities for in the United States. We retained a limited exception to the exclusive license granted
to Ferring allowing us, subject to certain restrictions, to establish up to five INVO Centers in the United States, which as of March
2, 2021, was amended to seven centers. We retained all commercialization rights for the INVOcell outside of the United States. 

On
November 2, 2021, Ferring notified us of its intention to terminate the Ferring Agreement, which required 90-days prior written notice.
Accordingly, the Ferring Agreement officially terminated on January 31, 2022. Pursuant to the terms of the Ferring Agreement, upon notice
of termination, Ferring was required to use commercially reasonable efforts to transition any customers to us and otherwise facilitate
the orderly transition of the distribution from Ferring to us. By its terms, our Supply Agreement with Ferring also terminated on January
31, 2022. 

The
Ferring license was deemed to be a functional license that provides the counterparty with a right to access to our intellectual
property during the subscription period and accordingly, revenue is recognized over a period of time, which is generally the subscription
period. The likelihood of Ferring exercising its rights became remote at the time notice of termination was received, therefore INVO
recognized the full remaining amount of the deferred revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021. During the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, we recognized nil and 3.6 million of revenue related to the Ferring license agreement, respectively, and, as of
December 31, 2022, we had no deferred revenue related to the Ferring Agreement. 

International
Distribution Agreements 

We
have entered into exclusive distribution agreements for a number of international markets. These agreements usually have an initial term
with renewal options and require the distributors to meet minimum annual purchases, which vary depending on the market. We are also required
to register the product in each market before the distributor can begin importing, a process and timeline that can vary widely depending
on the market. 

The
following table sets forth a list of our current international distribution agreements: 

INVOcell
 
 Registration 
 
 Market 
 
 Distribution
 Partner 
 
 Date 
 
 Initial
 Term 
 
 Status
 in Country 

Mexico
 (a) 
 
 Positib
 Fertility, S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Sept
 2020 
 
 TBD 
 
 Completed 
 
 Malaysia 
 
 iDS
 Medical Systems 
 
 Nov
 2020 
 
 3-year 
 
 Completed 
 
 Pakistan 
 
 Galaxy
 Pharma 
 
 Dec
 2020 
 
 1-year 
 
 In
 process 
 
 Thailand 
 
 IVF
 Envimed Co., Ltd. 
 
 April
 2021 
 
 1-year 
 
 Completed 
 
 Sudan 
 
 Quality
 Medicines, Cosmetics Medical Equipment Import 
 
 Sept
 2020 
 
 1-year 
 
 In
 process 
 
 Ethiopia 
 
 Quality
 Medicines, Cosmetics Medical Equipment Import 
 
 Sept
 2020 
 
 1-year 
 
 In
 process 
 
 Uganda 
 
 Quality
 Medicines, Cosmetics Medical Equipment Import 
 
 Sept
 2020 
 
 1-year 
 
 Not
 required 
 
 Nigeria 
 
 G-Systems
 Limited 
 
 Sept
 2020 
 
 5-year 
 
 Completed 
 
 Iran 
 
 Tasnim
 Behboud 
 
 Dec
 2020 
 
 1-year 
 
 Completed 
 
 Sri
 Lanka 
 
 Alsonic
 Limited 
 
 July
 2021 
 
 1-year 
 
 In
 process 
 
 China 
 
 Onesky
 Holdings Limited 
 
 May
 2022 
 
 5-year 
 
 In
 process 

(a) 
 Our
 Mexico JV. Please note that the registration is temporarily in the name of Proveedora de Equipos y Productos, S.A. de C.V. and will
 be transferred to Positib Fertility as soon as practicable. 

Investment
in Joint Ventures and Partnerships 

As
part of our commercialization strategy, we entered into a number of joint ventures and partnerships designed to establish new INVO Centers. 

10 

The
following table sets forth a list of our current joint venture arrangements: 

Affiliate Name 
 Country 
 Percent ) Ownership 

HRCFG INVO, LLC 
 United States 
 50 
 
 Bloom Invo, LLC 
 United States 
 40 
 
 Positib Fertility, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 33 
 
 Ginekalix INVO Bioscience LLC Skopje 
 Republic of North Macedonia 
 50 

The
following table sets forth a list of our current partnership arrangements: 

Partner 
 Country 
 Partnership Split 
 
 Lyfe Medical 
 United States 
 40 

Alabama
JV Agreement 

On
March 10, 2021, INVO CTR entered into a limited liability company agreement
with HRCFG, LLC HRCFG to form a joint venture for the purpose of establishing an INVO Center in Birmingham, Alabama.
The name of the joint venture LLC is HRCFG INVO, LLC (the Alabama JV ). The responsibilities of HRCFG s principals
include providing clinical practice expertise, performing recruitment functions, providing all necessary training, and providing day-to-day
management of the clinic. The responsibilities of INVO CTR include providing certain funding to the Alabama JV and providing access to
and being the exclusive provider of the INVOcell to the Alabama JV. INVO CTR will also perform all required, industry-specific compliance
and accreditation functions, and product documentation for product registration. 

The
Alabama JV opened to patients on August 9, 2021. 

Georgia
JV Agreement 

On
June 28, 2021, INVO CTR entered into a limited liability company agreement (the Bloom Agreement with Bloom Fertility,
LLC Bloom to establish a joint venture entity, formed as Bloom INVO LLC (the Georgia JV ),
for the purposes of commercializing INVOcell, and the related IVC procedure, through the establishment of an INVO Center (the Atlanta
Clinic in the Atlanta, Georgia metropolitan area. 

In
consideration for INVO s commitment to contribute up to 800,000 within the 24-month period following execution of the Bloom Agreement
to support the start-up operations of the Georgia JV, the Georgia JV issued 800 of its units to INVO CTR and in consideration for Bloom s
commitment to contribute physician services having an anticipated value of up to 1,200,000 over the course of a 24-month vesting period,
the Georgia JV issued 1,200 of its units to Bloom. 

The
responsibilities of Bloom include providing all medical services required for the operation of the Atlanta Clinic. The responsibilities
of INVO CTR include providing certain funding to the Georgia JV, lab services quality management, and providing access to and being the
exclusive provider of the INVOcell to the Georgia JV. INVO CTR will also perform all required, industry specific compliance and accreditation
functions, and product documentation for product registration. 

The
Georgia JV opened to patients on September 7, 2021. 

Mexico
JV Agreement 

Effective
September 24, 2020, INVO CTR entered into a Pre-Incorporation and Shareholders Agreement with Francisco Arredondo, MD PLLC Arredondo and Security Health LLC, a Texas limited liability company Ramirez , and together with INVO CTR and Arredondo, the Shareholders under which the Shareholders will commercialize the IVC procedure and offer related medical treatments in Mexico. Each party owns one-third
of the Mexican incorporated company, Positib Fertility, S.A. de C.V. (the Mexico JV ). 

The
Mexico JV will operate in Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico and any other cities and places in Mexico as approved by the Mexico JV s
board of directors and Shareholders. In addition, the Shareholders agreed that the Mexico JV will be our exclusive distributor in Mexico.
The Shareholders also agreed not to compete directly or indirectly with the Mexico JV in Mexico. 

The
Mexico JV opened to patients on November 1, 2021. 

11 

North
Macedonia JV Agreement 

On
November 23, 2020, we entered into a joint venture agreement with Ginekaliks Dooel Ginekaliks ), a limited liability company
incorporated in the Republic of North Macedonia, to establish an exclusive joint venture to (i) commercialize, introduce, promote, and
market technologies related to the INVOcell and IVC procedure in the Republic of North Macedonia, and (ii) establish an INVO Center.
The joint venture will be co-managed and owned 50 by each of INVO and Ginekaliks. As of December 31, 2022, no joint venture entity had
been formed. 

Lyfe
Medical Center I, LLC Partnership agreement 

On
April 9, 2021, we entered into a partnership agreement (the Lyfe Agreement with Lyfe Medical Center I, LLC Lyfe in connection with Lyfe s intention to establish an INVO Center in the Bay Area of California (the Bay Area Clinic ).
Pursuant to the Lyfe Agreement, we will provide embryology laboratory services in connection with the IVC procedure and other fertility-related
treatments (the Lab Services to be provided by Lyfe to its patients at the Bay Area Clinic. Under the terms of the Lyfe
Agreement, we will receive 40 of the net income received by the Bay Area Clinic for the performance of the Lab Services. As of December
31, 2022, the Bay Area Clinic was not yet operational. 

Competition 

The
fertility treatment regimens that the INVOcell and IVC procedure compete with when infertile people, in conjunction with their physician,
are choosing the treatment method include drug-only stimulation, IUI, and conventional IVF. The fertility industry is highly competitive
and characterized by long-standing well-entrenched procedures as well as technological improvements. Our INVOcell enables the first new
advanced treatment alternative in over forty years. We face competition from all ART practitioners and device manufacturers. To date,
most advancements in the ART market have been limited to incremental improvements to the various products designed to simply support
conventional IVF. 

Our
principal ART medical device competitor for INVOcell is an intrauterine device called AneVivo , developed by Anecova, a Swiss life
sciences company. The principal difference between the INVOcell and AneVivo is its placement inside the woman s uterus for
early embryo development. We believe that placing the device in the uterus may be more invasive and thus may increase the risk to patients
compared to the INVOcell, which is placed in the vaginal cavity. Currently, AneVivo has obtained a CE Mark, but has not received
FDA approval. 

For
additional information about competition, see Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Government
Regulation 

In
November 2015, FDA granted our petition for de novo classification of the INVOcell. The INVOcell is intended for use in preparing, holding,
and transferring human gametes or embryos during IVC procedure with or without intra-cytoplasmic sperm injection fertilization ICSI ).
The special controls include clinical and non-clinical performance testing, biocompatibility, sterility and shelf-life testing, and labeling.
These special controls also apply to competing products that seek 510(k) clearance under the classification regulation for IVC systems,
including our own 510(k) effort to expand the labeling on INVOcell from a 3-day incubation period to up to a 5-day incubation period. 

We
are subject to regulation in each of the foreign countries where our products are sold. Many of the regulations applicable to our products
in such countries are similar to those of the FDA. The national health or regulatory organizations of certain countries require that
our products be qualified before they can be marketed in those countries. Many of the countries we are targeting either do not have a
formal approval process of their own or will rely on either FDA clearance or the European approval, the CE mark although many
of these countries do require specific registration processes in order to list the INVOcell and make it available for sale. 

With
our CE marking, we have the necessary regulatory authority to distribute our product, after registration, in the European Economic Area
(i.e., Europe, Australia, and New Zealand). In addition, we will have the ability to market in various parts of the Middle East, Asia
and South America. Every country has different regulatory and registration requirements, and we have begun or completed registrations
in a number of countries. In general, we are registering the product based on the size of the market and our ability to service it given
our resources as well as based on interest received from, and the execution of, agreements with distribution and joint venture partners. 

We
may be subject to healthcare fraud, waste, and abuse regulation and enforcement by the federal government and the governments in the
states and foreign countries in which we might conduct our business. The federal laws and many state laws generally apply only to entities
or individuals that provide items or services for which payment may be made under a government healthcare program. These include laws
that prohibit: 

the
 payment or receipt of anything of value in exchange for referrals of business e.g. Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. 
 1320a-7b) (the AKS Civil Monetary Penalties Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a) (the CMPL Ala. Code 
 22-1-11(c)); 

the
 presenting of a false or fraudulent claim for payment by a government healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid e.g. False
 Claims Act (31 U.S.C. 3729 3733); Georgia State False Medicaid Claims Act (Ga. Code Ann. 49-4-168
 49-4-168.6)); and 

the
 referral by certain ordering licensed healthcare providers of certain healthcare items and services that are payable by a government
 healthcare program to an entity in which the healthcare provider or his or her immediate family member has an investment or other
 financial relationship e.g. Section 1877 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395nn), commonly referred to as the
 Stark Law Georgia Patient Self-Referral Act of 1993 (Ga. Code Ann. 43-1B-1 43-1B-8)). 

These
laws are subject to extensive and increasing enforcement by numerous federal, state, and local government agencies including the Office
of Inspector General, the Department of Justice, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, and various state authorities. At
present, the Company s products and services are not reimbursable under any government healthcare program. If, however, that changes
in the future and it were determined that the Company was not in compliance with these federal fraud, waste, and abuse laws, the Company
would be subject to liability. 

We
are subject to the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, the Health Information Technology
for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 HITECH Act ), and related implementing regulations (together, HIPAA ).
Under HIPAA, the Company must have in place administrative, physical, and technical standards to guard against the misuse of individually
identifiable health information. In the ordinary course of our business as a Business Associate, and soon with INVO Centers, as a Covered
Entity, we may use, collect, and store sensitive data, including protected health information PHI ). We face risks relative
to protecting this critical information, including loss of access risk, inappropriate disclosure risk, inappropriate modification risk,
and the risk of being unable to adequately monitor our controls. Our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks
by hackers or viruses or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. Failure to comply with HIPAA, including through
a breach of PHI, could result in penalties and sanctions, and materially harm our business. 

For
additional information about government regulation applicable to our business, see Risk Factors in Item 1A. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
rely on a combination of patent, copyright, and trademark laws in the United States and other countries to obtain and maintain our intellectual
property. We protect our intellectual property by, among other methods, filing patent applications with the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office and its foreign counterparts on inventions that are important to the development of our business. 

We completed a redesign of the INVOcell device
as well as process improvements on the IVC procedure, which supported a new patent application that was filed on November 11, 2020 and
is currently pending. We also filed a PCT (Patent Cooperation Treaty) application for the new U.S. application on January 18, 2021 to
further expand patent protection in strategic locations across the globe, and, in the Spring of 2022, subsequently filed individual applications
in the European Union, China, Japan, India and Mexico, which are currently pending. 

Our
portfolio of U.S. registered trademarks includes: 

Registration Nos. 6146631 and 3757982 for INVOCELL 

Registration No. 4009827 for INVO 

Registration No. 4009828 for INVO BIOSCIENCE 

We
also have pending U.S. applications to register the trademark Life Begins Within (App. No. 90803801). 

For
additional information about our intellectual property, see Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Available
Information 

We
maintain an internet website at www.invobio.com. We make available, free of charge through our website, our annual report on Form 10-K,
current reports on Form 8-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and each amendment to these reports. Each such report is posted on our website
as soon as reasonably practicable after such report is filed with the SEC via the EDGAR system. 

The
information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered a part
of this Annual Report. Our website address is included in this Annual Report as an inactive textual reference only. 

12 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

You
should carefully consider the following risk factors, in addition to the other information in this report on Form 10-K, including
the section of this report titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes. If any of the events described in the following risk
factors and the risks described elsewhere in this report on Form 10-K occurs, our business, operating results and financial
condition could be seriously harmed. This report on Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of
factors that are described below and elsewhere in this report. 

The
following is a summary of certain important factors that may make an investment in our company speculative or risky. You should carefully
consider the full risk factor disclosure set forth in Item 1A of this Annual Report, in addition to the other information herein, including
the section of this report titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
and our consolidated financial statements and related notes. 

Our financial situation creates doubt whether we will continue as a going concern. 

We will need to raise additional funding, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain
this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate operations. 

Even if we can raise additional funding, we may be required to do so on terms that are dilutive to you. 

Our potential acquisition of the Wisconsin Fertility Institute may not close. 

We may not be able to successfully integrate the Wisconsin Fertility Institute into INVO Bioscience and achieve the
benefits expected to result from the acquisition. 

If we close our acquisition of the Wisconsin Fertility Institute and fail to make the required 7.5 million in additional
payments, our business would be adversely affected. 

We may incur debt financing to provide the cash proceeds necessary to acquire the Wisconsin Fertility Institute.
If we were unable to service any such debt, our business would be adversely affected. 

Our
 business has posted net operating losses, has a limited operating history, and needs additional capital to grow and finance its operations.

Our
 existing INVO Centers were established as joint ventures with medical partners. Future INVO Centers may also be established as joint
 ventures. These joint ventures will be important to our business. If we are unable to maintain any of these joint ventures, or if
 they are not successful, our business could be adversely affected. 

Our
 business is subject to significant competition. 

We
 are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. 

We
 need to manage growth in operations, and we may not be successful in implementing our growth strategy. 

Our
 products incorporate intellectual property rights developed by us that may be difficult to protect or may be found to infringe on
 the rights of others. 

We
 may be forced to defend our intellectual property rights from infringement through expensive legal action. 

We
 face potential liability as a provider of a medical device. These risks may be heightened in the area of artificial reproduction. 

We
 may not be able to develop or continue our business if we fail to retain key personnel. 

We
 are subject to significant domestic and international governmental regulations. 

The
 FDA regulatory review process is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain, and the failure to obtain and maintain required regulatory
 clearances and approvals could prevent us from commercializing our products. 

We
 are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, and failure to comply may materially harm our business. 

Our
 products are generally subject to regulatory requirements in foreign countries in which we sell those products. We will be required
 to expend significant resources to obtain regulatory approvals or clearances of our products, and there may be delays and uncertainty
 in obtaining those approvals or clearances. 

If
 third-party payers do not provide adequate coverage and reimbursement for INVOcell and the IVC procedure, we may be unable to generate
 significant revenue. 

We
 are subject to risks relating to federal and state healthcare fraud, waste, and abuse laws. 

We
 are subject to requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, the Health Information Technology
 for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 HITECH Act ), and related implementing regulations (together, HIPAA ),
 and failure to comply, including through a breach of protected health information PHI could materially harm our business. 

We have been notified by Nasdaq of our failure to comply with certain continued listing requirements and, if we are
unable to regain compliance with all applicable continued listing requirements and standards of Nasdaq, our common stock could be delisted
from Nasdaq. Additionally, if Nasdaq does not grant us an extension or if a favorable decision is not be obtained from a hearings panel,
or the Panel, after the hearing, our common stock would be delisted from Nasdaq. 

The
 significant number of common shares registered for resale pursuant to the registration statements described under Recent Developments in Item 1, could adversely affect the trading
 price of our common shares. 

Our
 shares of common stock are thinly traded, and the price may not reflect our value; there can be no assurance that there will be an
 active market for our shares now or in the future. 

We
 do not expect to pay any dividends to shareholders. 

Our
 revenue and operating results could fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter, which may cause our stock price to decline. 

We
 may have difficulty raising the necessary capital to fund operations and the Wisconsin Fertility acquisition because of the thin
 market and market price volatility for our shares of common stock. 

Shareholders
 may be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and from issuance of additional shares of our common stock,
 including such issuances of shares for services. 

Failure
 to comply with internal control attestation requirements could lead to loss of public confidence in our consolidated financial
 statements and negatively impact our stock price. 

13 

Risks
Related to our Financial Condition and our Need For Additional Capital 

Our
financial situation creates doubt whether we will continue as a going concern. 

From
the inception of our consolidated subsidiary BioXcell Inc. on January 5, 2007, through December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated net loss
of 49.4 million. There can be no assurances that we will be able to achieve a level of revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash
flow from operations or additional financing through private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing necessary to support
our working capital requirements. To the extent that funds generated from any private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing
are insufficient, we will have to raise additional working capital. No assurance can be given that additional financing will be available,
or if available, will be on acceptable terms. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
If adequate working capital is not available, we may be forced to discontinue operations, which would cause investors to lose their entire
investment. 

We
will need to raise additional funding, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital
when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate operations. 

We
do not expect that our current cash position will be sufficient to fund our current operations for the next 12 months and we do not have
sufficient funds to consummate our acquisition of the Wisconsin Fertility Institute. Our operating plan may change as a result of many
factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned, through public or private equity or debt
financings, government or other third-party funding or a combination of these approaches. Raising funds in the current economic environment
may present additional challenges. Even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans, we may seek
additional capital if market conditions are favorable or if we have specific strategic considerations. 

Any
additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to
develop and commercialize our product candidates. In addition, we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient
amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Moreover, the terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights
of our stockholders and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may
cause the market price of our shares to decline. The sale of additional equity or convertible securities may dilute our existing stockholders.
The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations, and we may be required to agree to certain restrictive
covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual
property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. We could also be required
to seek funds through arrangements with collaborative partners or otherwise at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable and
we may be required to relinquish rights to some of our technologies or product candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to
us, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects. 

If
we are unable to obtain funding on a timely basis, we may be required to significantly curtail, delay or be unable to expand our operations
or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities, as desired, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Even
if we can raise additional funding, we may be required to do so on terms that are dilutive to you. 

The
capital markets have been unpredictable in the past for unprofitable companies such as ours. In addition, it is generally difficult for
development stage companies to raise capital under current market conditions. The amount of capital that a company such as ours is able
to raise often depends on variables that are beyond our control. As a result, we may not be able to secure financing on terms attractive
to us, or at all. If we are able to consummate a financing arrangement, the amount raised may not be sufficient to meet our future needs.
If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, or at all, our business, including our results of operations, financial condition
and our continued viability will be materially adversely affected. 

Risks
Related to the Proposed Acquisition of the Wisconsin Fertility Institute 

Our
potential acquisition of the Wisconsin Fertility Institute may not close. 

On
March 16, 2023, we signed definitive acquisition agreements to acquire Wisconsin Fertility. This transaction is subject to certain customary
closing conditions, as well as an initial cash payment of approximately 2.5 million less certain assumed liabilities and a holdback.
We have not currently secured sufficient funds to make the initial closing payment which may impact our ability to close the transaction.
In the event that we are unable to consummate our acquisition of Wisconsin Fertility, it will have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operation. 

14 

We
may not be able to successfully integrate Wisconsin Fertility into INVO and achieve the benefits expected to result from the acquisition. 

The
proposed acquisition of Wisconsin Fertility may present challenges to management, including the integration of the operations, and personnel
of INVO and Wisconsin Fertility and special risks, including possible unanticipated liabilities, unanticipated integration costs and
diversion of management attention. 

We
cannot assure you that we will successfully integrate or profitably manage Wisconsin Fertility s businesses. Even if we are able
to integrate and profitably manage Wisconsin Fertility s business, we cannot assure you that, following the transaction, our business
will achieve sales levels, profitability, efficiencies or synergies that justify the acquisition or that the acquisition will result
in increased earnings for us in any future period. 

If
we close our acquisition of Wisconsin Fertility and fail to make the required 7.5 million in additional payments, our business would
be adversely affected. 

Following
closing of our pending acquisition of Wisconsin Fertility, if consummated, we would be required to make additional payments of approximately
 7.5 million, which payments are secured the sellers having a lien on the assets purchased to acquire Wisconsin Fertility. If we default
on our additional payment obligations to the sellers of Wisconsin Fertility, such sellers could exercise their rights and remedies under
acquisition agreements, which could include seizing the assets sold to us to acquire Wisconsin Fertility. Any such action would have
a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 

We
may incur debt financing to provide the cash proceeds necessary to acquire Wisconsin Fertility. If we were unable to service any such
debt, our business would be adversely affected. 

In
order to finance our proposed acquisition of Wisconsin Fertility, we may look to secure debt financing. Any such debt financing
would likely require us to pledge all or substantially all of our assets as collateral. If we were unable to satisfy any such debt
obligation or fail to pay such debt obligations in a timely fashion, we would be in default under such debt financing agreement and
such lender could exercise its rights and remedies under such debt financing agreements, which could include seizing all of our
assets. Any such action would have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business 

Our
business has posted net operating losses, has a limited operating history, and needs additional capital to grow and finance its operations. 

From
the inception of our consolidated subsidiary BioXcell Inc. on January 5, 2007, through December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated net loss
of 49.4 million. We have a limited operating history and are essentially an early-stage operation. We will continue to be dependent
on having access to additional new capital or generating positive operating cash flow primarily through increased device sales and the
development of our INVO Centers in order to finance the growth of our operations. Continued net operating losses together with limited
working capital make investing in our common stock a high-risk proposal. Our limited operating history may make it difficult for management
to provide effective insight into future activities, marketing costs, and customer acquisition and retention. This could lead to INVO
missing targets for the achievement of profitability, which could negatively affect the value of your investment. 

15 

Our
existing INVO Centers were established as joint ventures with medical partners. Future INVO Centers may also be established as joint
ventures. These joint ventures will be important to our business. If we are unable to maintain any of these joint ventures, or if they
are not successful, our business could be adversely affected. 

We
have established, and plan to establish additional, entered into, and may enter into additional, joint ventures for the operation of
our INVO Centers. Our existing and any future joint ventures may have a number of risks, including that our joint venture partners: 

have
 significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply; 

may
 not perform their obligations as expected; 

may
 dispute the amounts of payments owed; 

may
 fail to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements regarding the distribution or marketing of our INVOcell product; 

may
 not properly maintain or defend their or our relevant intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such
 a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose
 us to potential litigation and liability; 

may
 infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; 

could
 become involved in a business combination or cessation that could cause them to deemphasize or terminate the development or commercialization
 of our INVOcell product; and 

may
 seek to terminate our joint venture, which could require us to raise additional capital and to develop new joint venture relationships.

Additionally,
if one of our joint venture partners seeks to terminate its agreement with us, we may find it difficult to attract new joint venture
partners and the perception of our INVO Centers in the business and financial communities could be adversely affected. 

Our
business is subject to significant competition. 

The
fertility industry is highly competitive and characterized by well entrenched and long-standing practices as well as technological improvements
and advancements. New ART services, devices and techniques may be developed that may render the INVOcell obsolete. Competition in the
areas of fertility and ART services is largely based on pregnancy rates and other patient outcomes. Accordingly, the ability of our business
to compete is largely dependent on our ability to achieve adequate pregnancy rates and patient satisfaction levels. Our business operates
in highly competitive areas that are subject to change. New health care providers and medical technology companies entering the market
may reduce our and our INVO Centers market share, patient volume and growth rates, and could force us to alter our planned pricing
and INVO Center service offerings. Additionally, increased competitive pressures may require us to commit more resources to our and our
INVO Centers marketing efforts, thereby increasing our cost structure and affecting our ability to achieve, or the timing of achieving,
profitability. There can be no assurance that we will not be able to compete effectively, nor can there be any assurance that additional
competitors will not enter the market. Such competition may make it more difficult for us to enter into additional contracts with fertility
clinics or open profitable INVO Centers. 

We
are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. 

Our
operations, both inside and outside the United States, are subject to risks inherent in conducting business globally and under the laws,
regulations and customs of various jurisdictions and geographies. Our operations outside the United States are subject to special risks
and restrictions, including, without limitation: fluctuations in currency values and foreign-currency exchange rates; exchange control
regulations; changes in local political or economic conditions; governmental pricing directives; import and trade restrictions; import
or export licensing requirements and trade policy; restrictions on the ability to repatriate funds; and other potentially detrimental
domestic and foreign governmental practices or policies affecting U.S. companies doing business abroad, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act and the trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign
Assets Control. Acts of terror or war may impair our ability to operate in particular countries or regions and may impede the flow of
goods and services between countries. Customers in weakened economies may be unable to purchase our products, or it could become more
expensive for them to purchase imported products in their local currency, or sell at competitive prices, and we may be unable to collect
receivables from such customers. Further, changes in exchange rates may affect our net earnings, the book value of our assets outside
the United States and our stockholders equity. Failure to comply with the laws and regulations that affect our global operations
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

16 

Failure
to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or similar laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 

We
are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits United States companies, including their suppliers,
distributors and other commercial partners, from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose
of obtaining or retaining business. Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices occur from time-to-time
in the countries in which we distribute products. We have adopted formal policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with
these laws. If our employees or other agents, including our distributors or suppliers, are found to have engaged in such practices, we
could suffer severe penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

We
need to manage growth in operations, and we may not be successful in implementing our growth strategy. 

In
order to maximize potential growth in our current and potential markets, we may need to expand the scope of our services in the medical
device/bioscience industry. We continue to seek additional market strategies to increase the adoption of INVOcell, including the establishment
of stand-alone INVO Centers, IVF clinic acquisitions and our efforts to bring the INVOCell and IVC procedure into the existing OB/GYN infrastructure. Such expansion
will place a significant strain on our management, operational and sales systems. As a result, we plan to continue to improve our INVOcell
technology, operating procedures and management information systems. We will also need to effectively train, motivate and manage our
employees. Our failure to manage our growth could disrupt our operations and ultimately prevent us from generating revenues at the levels
we expect. 

Many
factors including, but not limited to, increased competition from similar businesses, unexpected costs, costs associated with marketing
efforts and maintaining a strong client base may interfere with our ability to expand successfully. Our inability to implement our internal
strategy successfully may have a negative impact on our growth, future financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 

Our
products incorporate intellectual property rights developed by us that may be difficult to protect or may be found to infringe on the
rights of others . 

While
we currently own U.S. and international patents, these patents may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, and will ultimately expire.
In addition, the rights granted under these patents may not provide the competitive advantages we currently anticipate. Certain countries,
including the United States and in Europe, could place restrictions on the patentability of various medical devices which may materially
affect our business and competitive position. Additionally, the laws of some foreign countries, in particular China and India, do not
protect our proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as U.S. laws, and we may encounter significant problems in protecting
and defending our proprietary rights in these countries. In addition to relying on patent, copyright and trademark laws, we also utilize
a combination of trade secrets, confidentiality policies, non-disclosure and other contractual arrangements to protect our intellectual
property rights. However, these measures may not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or other misappropriation. Further, our
intellectual property rights may be found to infringe on intellectual property rights of third parties. Moreover, we may not be able
to detect unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to establish and enforce our proprietary rights. Existing laws of some
countries in which we conduct business offer only limited protection of our intellectual property rights, if at all. As the number of
market entrants as well as the complexity of technology in the fertility marketplace increases, the possibility of functional overlap
and inadvertent infringement of intellectual property rights also increases. 

We
may be forced to defend our intellectual property rights from infringement through expensive legal action. 

Third
parties may in the future assert claims against us alleging infringement on their intellectual property rights. Defending such claims
may be expensive, time consuming and divert the efforts of our management and/or technical personnel. Because of litigation, we could
be required to pay damages and other compensation, develop non-infringing products or enter into royalty and/or licensing agreements.
However, we cannot be certain that any such licenses, will be made available to us on commercially reasonable terms. 

We
regard our trade secrets, patents and similar intellectual property as critical to our successful operations. To protect our proprietary
rights, we rely on intellectual property and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements with certain employees,
customers and third parties. No assurance can be given that our intellectual property will not be challenged, invalidated, infringed
or circumvented. If necessary, we intend to defend our intellectual property rights from infringement through legal action, which could
be very costly and could adversely affect our ability to achieve and maintain profitability. Our limited capital resources could put
us at a disadvantage if we are required to take legal action to enforce our intellectual property rights. 

We
face potential liability as a provider of a medical device. These risks may be heightened in the area of artificial reproduction. 

The
provision of medical devices entails the substantial risk of potential tort injury claims. We do not engage in the practice of medicine
or assume responsibility for compliance with regulatory requirements directly applicable to physicians. We currently utilize product
liability insurance to provide coverage against potential tort injury claims, as well as customary insurance protection for our INVO
Centers. However, there can be no assurance such coverage will provide adequate protection against any potential claims. Furthermore,
any claim asserted against us could generate costly legal fees, consume management s time and resources, and adversely affect our
reputation and business, regardless of the merit or eventual outcome of such claim. 

17 

There
are inherent risks specific to the provision of fertility and ART services. For example, the long-term effects on women of the administration
of fertility medication, integral to most fertility and ART services, are of concern to certain physicians and others who fear the medication
may prove to be carcinogenic or cause other medical problems. Additionally, any ban or other limitation imposed by the FDA or other foreign
regulatory department on fertility medication and services could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any such action would
likely adversely affect the value of your investment. 

If
we fail to maintain adequate quality standards for our products, our reputation and business may be adversely affected and harmed. 

Our
customers are expecting that our products will perform as marketed and in accordance with industrial standards. We rely on third-party
manufacturing companies and their packaging processes in connection with the production of our products. A failure to maintain product
quality standards in accordance with our customer s expectations could result in the loss of demand for our products. Additionally,
delays or quality lapses in our production lines could result in substantial economic losses to us. Although we believe that our current
quality control procedures adequately address these risks, there can be no assurance that we will not experience occasional or systemic
quality lapses in our manufacturing and service operations. Currently, we have limited manufacturing capabilities as we rely on a single
manufacturing provider regarding our production process. In the event our manufacturer is unable to produce an adequate supply of products
at appropriate quality levels, our growth could be limited, and our business may be harmed. If we experience significant or prolonged
disturbance in our quality standards, our business and reputation may be harmed, which may result in the loss of customers, our inability
to participate in future customer product opportunities and reduced revenue and earnings. 

We
heavily rely on third party package delivery services, and a significant disruption in these services or significant increases in prices
may disrupt our ability to import or export materials, increase our costs and negatively affect our ability to achieve and maintain profitability. 

We
ship a significant portion of our products to our customers through independent package delivery companies. If any of our key third party
package delivery providers experience a significant disruption such that any of our products, components or raw materials cannot be delivered
in a timely fashion or such that we incur additional shipping costs that we are unable to recoup, our costs may increase and our relationships
with certain customers may be adversely affected. In particular, if our third-party package delivery providers increase prices and we
are not able to find comparable alternatives or adjust our delivery network, our profitability could be adversely affected. 

We
may not be able to develop or continue our business if we fail to retain key personnel. 

We
substantially rely upon the efforts and abilities of our executive management and directors. The loss of any of our executive officers
and/or directors services could potentially have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, revenues and/or prospects. If
one or more of these persons were to become unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace
them readily or timely, if at all. We do not maintain key man life insurance on the lives of any of our executive management or directors. 

We
will need additional, qualified personnel in order to expand our business. Without additional personnel, we will not be able to expand
our business. 

Expanding
our business requires increasing the number of persons engaged in activities for the sale, marketing, administration and delivery of
our products as well as clinical training personnel for proper IVC procedure training. Our ability to attract and hire personnel to
fulfil these efforts is dependent on our ability to attract and retain potential employees with the proper background and training matching
the skills required for the positions. In addition, we may not be able to attract personnel who will be able to successfully implement
our business operations and growth strategy in the manner that we currently anticipate. 

Currency
exchange rate fluctuations may affect the results of our operations. 

We
intend to distribute our INVOcell product internationally with all sales, domestic and international, in U.S. dollars. As a result, our
operations could be impacted by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, although we attempt to mitigate such risk by invoicing only
in U.S. dollars. In spite of this, our operations may still be negatively impacted by foreign currency exchange rates in the event the
U.S. dollar strengthens and the local currency where the product is being sold weakens. In the event such international patients are
unable to afford the associated increase costs, international doctors and clinics may not be able to offer the INVOcell and IVC procedure.
As we expand our international footprint with joint ventures, these joint ventures will likely have a functional currency based on their
location and as a result, if we are required to consolidate these financial results it may create currency fluctuations. Additionally,
as an international business we may be susceptible to adverse foreign currency fluctuations unconnected to the U.S. dollar. 

We
are subject to risks in connection with changes in international, national and local economic and market conditions. 

Our
business is subject to risks in connection with changes in international, national and local economic and market conditions, including
the effects of global financial crises, effects of terrorist acts, war and global pandemics. Such economic changes could negatively impact
infertile people s ability to pay for fertility treatment around the world. 

18 

We
anticipate that eventually international sales will account for a meaningful part of our revenue. We will experience additional risks
associated with international sales, including: 

political
 and economic instability; 

export
 controls; 

changes
 in international legal and regulatory requirements; 

United
 States and foreign government policy changes affecting the product marketability; and 

changes
 in tax laws, duties and tariffs. 

Any
of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. From 2011 through
2022, we sold products in certain international markets mainly through independent distributors, and we anticipate maintaining a similar
sales strategy along with our recent joint venture activity for the foreseeable future. In the event a distributor fails to meet annual
sales goals, we may be required to obtain a replacement distributor, which may be costly and difficult to identify. Additionally, a change
in our distributors may increase costs, and create a substantial disruption in our operations resulting loss of revenue. 

We
can no longer depend on minimum annual product purchases from Ferring. 

On
November 2, 2021, Ferring International Center S.A. Ferring notified us of their intent to terminate the U.S. Distribution
Agreement (the Ferring Agreement ), pursuant to which we granted Ferring certain rights to sell our products in the United
States market. Ferring gave notice of termination for convenience under Section 14.2(b) of the Ferring Agreement which required 90-days
prior written notice. Accordingly, the Ferring Agreement officially terminated on January 31, 2022. By its terms, our Supply Agreement
with Ferring also terminated on such date. Under the terms of these agreements, Ferring was required to make certain minimum annual purchases
to maintain U.S. exclusivity for the INVOcell. Such purchases are no longer available now that the Ferring Agreement has been terminated.
Ferring s termination of these agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Industry 

We
are subject to significant domestic and international governmental regulation. 

Our
business is heavily regulated domestically in the United States and internationally. In the United States the FDA, and other federal,
state and local authorities, implement various regulations that subject us to civil and criminal penalties, including cessation of operations
and recall of products distributed, in the event we fail to comply. Any such actions could severely curtail our sales and business reputation.
In addition, additional restrictive laws, regulations or interpretations could be adopted, making compliance with such regulations more
difficult or expensive. While we devote substantial resources to ensure our compliance with laws and regulations, we cannot completely
eliminate the risk that we may be found non-compliant with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 

We
believe that the healthcare industry will continue to be subject to increased regulation as well as political and legal action, as future
proposals to reform the health care system are considered by the U.S. Congress and state legislatures. We do not know of, nor do we have
any control over, future changes to health care laws and regulations which may have a significant impact on our business. 

The
FDA regulatory review process for medical devices is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain, and the failure to obtain and maintain
required regulatory clearances and approvals could prevent us from commercializing our products. 

Unless
an exemption applies, each medical device commercially distributed in the United States requires either FDA clearance of a 510(k) premarket
notification, approval of a premarket approval, or issuance of a de novo classification order. The FDA clearance, de novo classification,
and approval processes for medical devices are expensive, uncertain and time-consuming. 

Future
modifications to the INVOcell that was classified through de novo may require a 510(k) clearance. We may make minor changes to the INVOcell
without seeking clearance for the modifications if we determine such clearances are not necessary and document the basis for that conclusion.
However, the FDA may disagree with our determination or may require additional information, including clinical data, to be submitted
before a determination is made, in which case we may be required to delay the introduction and marketing of our modified products, redesign
our products, conduct clinical trials to support any modifications, or we may be subject to enforcement actions. In addition, the FDA
may not clear such modified INVOcell for the indications that are necessary or desirable for successful commercialization. 

There
is no assurance that we will be able to obtain the necessary clearances on a timely basis or at all. Further, the FDA may change its
policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other actions which may impact our ability to modify the
INVOcell on a timely basis, and may prevent or delay clearance of future products. Delays in receipt of, or failure to obtain clearances
for any product modifications or future products we may develop would result in delayed or no realization of revenue from such products
and the viability of our INVO Centers, and in substantial additional costs, which could decrease our profitability. 

19 

In
addition, we are required to continue to comply with applicable FDA and other regulatory requirements following de novo classification
or clearance. The failure to comply with existing or future regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Improper
marketing and promotion or off-label use of our product could lead to investigations and enforcement by governmental bodies including
product recalls or market withdrawal, may harm our reputation and business, and could result in product liability suits. 

If
the FDA or any foreign regulatory entity determines that our promotional materials or training constitute promotion of an off-label use,
it could request that we modify our training or promotional materials or subject us to regulatory or enforcement actions. These enforcement
actions could include, for example, a warning letter or untitled letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine or criminal penalties. We cannot,
however, prevent a physician from using the INVOcell off-label, when in the physician s independent professional medical judgement,
he or she deems it appropriate. There may be increased risk of injury to patients if physicians attempt to use the INVOcell off-label,
or the INVOcell may not be as effective, which could harm our reputation. 

If
we fail to comply with the FDA s Quality System Regulation QSR or comparable EU requirements, the FDA or
EU competent authorities could take various enforcement actions, including suspending our FDA clearance to market, withdrawal of our
EU CE Certificate or halting our manufacturing operations, and our business would suffer. 

In
the United States, as a manufacturer of a medical device, we are required to demonstrate and maintain compliance with the FDA s
QSR. The QSR covers the methods and documentation of the design, testing, control, manufacturing, labeling, quality assurance, packaging,
storage and distribution of medical devices. The FDA enforces the QSR through periodic inspections and unannounced for cause 
inspections. Outside the United States, our products and operations are also required to comply with national requirements where the
product is sold and also standards set by industrial standards bodies, such as the International Organization for Standardization. Foreign
regulatory bodies may evaluate our products or the testing that our products undergo against these standards. The specific standards,
types of evaluation and scope of review differ among foreign regulatory bodies. Our failure to comply with FDA or foreign regulatory
agency requirements, or failure to take satisfactory and prompt corrective action in response to an adverse inspection, could result
in enforcement actions, including a warning letter, adverse publicity, a shutdown of or restrictions on our manufacturing operations,
a recall or seizure of our products, fines, injunctions, civil or criminal penalties, or other sanctions, any of which could cause our
business and operating results to suffer. 

We
are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, and failure to comply may materially harm our business. 

We
are subject to Medical Device Reporting MDR regulations, which require us to report to the FDA if we become aware of
information that reasonably suggests our product may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or has malfunctioned and
the device or a similar device we market would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur.
We may fail to report adverse events of which we become aware within the prescribed timeframe. We may also fail to recognize that we
have become aware of a reportable adverse event. If we fail to comply with our medical device reporting obligations, the FDA could issue
warning letters or untitled letters, take administrative actions, commence criminal prosecution, impose civil monetary penalties, request
or require a product recall, seize our products, or delay the clearance of our future products. We must report corrections and removals
to the FDA where the correction or removal was initiated to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, caused by the device that may present a risk to health. 

Our
failure to comply with these or other applicable regulatory requirements could result in enforcement actions by the FDA which may include
untitled letters, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; customer notifications or repair, replacement
or refunds; and criminal prosecution. 

Our
products are generally subject to regulatory requirements in foreign countries in which we sell those products. We will be required to
expend significant resources to obtain regulatory approvals or clearances of our products, and there may be delays and uncertainty in
obtaining those approvals or clearances. 

In
order to sell our products in foreign countries, generally we must obtain regulatory approvals and comply with the regulations of those
countries. These regulations, including the requirements for approvals or clearances and the time required for regulatory review, vary
from country-to-country. 

The
EU requires that manufacturers certify compliance of medical devices with Council Directive (93/42/EEC) MDD ), as amended,
and affix the CE mark before selling such devices in member countries of the EU or European Economic Area EEA ). The CE
mark is an international symbol of adherence to quality assurance standards and compliance with applicable European medical device directives.
In order to obtain the authorization to affix the CE mark to products, a manufacturer must certify that its product complies with the
applicable directive, which may include a requirement to obtain certification that its processes and products meet certain European quality
standards. 

20 

In
May 2017, the EU adopted Regulation (EU) 2017/745 MDR ), which will repeal and replace the MDD with effect from May 26,
2021. Under transitional provisions, medical devices with notified body certificates issued under the MDD prior to May 26, 2021, may
continue to be placed on the market for the remaining validity of the certificate, until May 27, 2024, at the latest as long as there
have been no significant changes made to the product. After the expiry of any applicable transitional period, only devices that have
been CE marked under the MDR may be placed on the market in the EU (or EEA). The MDR includes increasingly stringent requirements in
multiple areas, such as pre-market clinical evidence (some of which are now in effect), review of high-risk devices, labeling and post-market
surveillance. Under the MDR, pre-market clinical data will now be required to obtain CE Mark approval for high-risk, new and modified
medical devices. We believe these new requirements have the potential to be expensive and time-consuming to implement and maintain. 

Complying
with and obtaining regulatory approval in foreign countries, including compliance with the MDR, have caused and will likely continue
to cause us to experience more uncertainty, risk, expense and delay in commercializing products in certain foreign jurisdictions, which
could have a material adverse impact on our net sales, market share and operating profits from our international operations. 

Our
planned additional clinical trial and 510(k) efforts may prove unsuccessful. 

We
are pursuing the expansion of our label, and corresponding 510(k) submission utilizing real-market usage (retrospective) data, to
expand the INVOcell incubation period from 3 days to 5 days. We may also conduct an additional prospective clinical trial related to
such label expansion. While we anticipate positive outcomes of these efforts, an unsuccessful trial or insufficient retrospective data could adversely impact our ability to receive FDA clearance for the
particular indication related to 5-day incubation and impact our ability to expand our marketing efforts. 

Changes
in the healthcare industry may require us to decrease the selling price for our products or could result in a reduction in the available
market size. 

Governmental
and private sector initiatives in the U.S. and abroad involving trends toward managed healthcare and cost containment could place an
emphasis on our ability to deliver more cost-effective medical therapies. The development of other cost-effective devices could eventually
adversely affect the prices and/or sales of our products. Companies in the healthcare industry are subject to various existing and proposed
laws and regulations, in both domestic and international markets, regulating healthcare pricing and profitability. Additionally, there
have been third-party payer initiatives to challenge the prices associated with medical products, which if successful, could affect our
ability to sell products on a competitive basis in the future. 

In
the United States, there has been a trend of consolidation among healthcare facilities and purchasers of medical devices, allowing such
purchasers to limit the number of suppliers from whom they purchase medical products. As result, it is unknown whether such purchasers
will decide to stop purchasing our products or demand discounts on our prices. Any pressure to reduce our product prices in response
to these industry trends and the decrease in market size could adversely affect our anticipated revenue and profitability of our sales,
creating a material adverse effect on our business. 

If
third-party payers do not provide adequate coverage and reimbursement for INVOcell and the IVC procedure, we may be unable to generate
significant revenue. 

Our
success in marketing and commercializing INVOcell and the IVC procedure may depend in part on whether private health insurers and other
payer organizations provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. If physicians or insurers do not find our clinical data compelling or
wish to wait for additional studies, they may choose not to use or provide coverage and reimbursement for INVOcell and the IVC procedure.
We cannot provide assurance that data we or others may generate in the future will be consistent with that observed in our existing clinical
studies, or that our current or future published clinical evidence will be sufficient to obtain adequate coverage and reimbursement for
our products. Moreover, if we cannot obtain adequate coverage for and reimbursement of the cost of our products, we cannot provide assurance
that patients will be willing to incur the full cost of INVOcell and the IVC procedure. 

Third-party
payers, whether foreign or domestic, or governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling
healthcare costs. In addition, in the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for INVOcell and the procedure exists
among third-party payers. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for INVOcell and the IVC procedure may differ significantly from payer
to payer. In addition, payers continually review new technologies for possible coverage and can, without notice, deny coverage for these
new products and procedures. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require
us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of INVOcell and the IVC procedure to each payer separately, with no assurance
that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained or maintained if obtained. 

Reimbursement
systems in international markets vary significantly by country and by region within some countries, and reimbursement approvals must
be obtained on a country-by-country basis. In many international markets, a product must be approved for reimbursement before it can
be approved for sale in that country. Further, many international markets have government-managed healthcare systems that control reimbursement
for new devices and procedures. In most markets, there are private insurance systems as well as government-managed systems. If sufficient
and timely coverage and reimbursement is not available for our current or future products, in either the United States or internationally,
the demand for our products and our revenues may be adversely affected. 

We
are subject to risks relating to federal and state healthcare fraud, waste, and abuse laws. 

We
may be subject to healthcare fraud, waste, and abuse regulation and enforcement by the federal government and the governments in the
states and foreign countries in which we might conduct our business. Such federal laws generally apply only to entities or individuals
that provide items or services for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program. These laws are subject to extensive
and increasing enforcement by numerous federal, state, and local government agencies including the Office of Inspector General, the Department
of Justice, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, and various state authorities. The healthcare laws and regulations that
may affect our ability to operate include the following: 

The
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b) (the AKS ), a criminal statute, makes it illegal for any person
 or entity to knowingly and willfully, directly or indirectly, solicit, receive, offer, or pay any remuneration that is in exchange
 for or to induce the referral of business, including the purchase, order, lease of any good, facility, item, or service for which
 payment may be made under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. The term remuneration has been
 broadly interpreted to include anything of value. The Civil Monetary Penalties Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a) (the CMPL also contains a provision that prohibits the payment of anything of value in return for referrals and provides for the imposition
 of civil penalties. 

Federal
 false claims and false statement laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. 3729 3733), prohibits,
 among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, for payment to, or approval by, federal
 programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, claims for items or services that are false or fraudulent. 

Section
 1877 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395nn), commonly referred to as the Stark Law, prohibits referrals by ordering
 by a physician of designated health services, which include durable medical equipment and supplies as well as inpatient
 and outpatient hospital services, that are payable, in whole or in part, by Medicare or Medicaid, to an entity in which the physician
 or the physician s immediate family member has an investment interest or other financial relationship, subject to several exceptions.
 Financial relationships that are implicated by the Stark Law can include arrangements ranging from marketing arrangements and consulting
 agreements to medical director agreements with physicians who order our products. The Stark Law also prohibits billing for services
 rendered pursuant to a prohibited referral. Several states have enacted laws similar to the Stark Law. These state laws may cover
 all (not just Medicare and Medicaid) patients. Many federal healthcare reform proposals in the past few years have attempted to expand
 the Stark Law to cover all patients as well. If we violate the Stark Law, our financial results and operations could be adversely
 affected. Penalties for violations include denial of payment for the services, significant civil monetary penalties, and exclusion
 from the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 

The
 federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a 7h) requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics
 and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with
 specific exceptions, to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services information related to payments or other
 transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and
 their immediate family members. 

At
present, our products and services are not reimbursable under any federal healthcare program. If, however, that changes in the future
and it were determined that we were not in compliance with these federal fraud, waste, and abuse laws, we would be subject to liability. 

Also,
as noted above, many states have similar laws and regulations, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws that may be broader in scope
and may apply regardless of payor, in addition to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs. We may be subject
to such laws in Alabama and Georgia due to our joint venture operations in those states. The Georgia State False Medicaid Claims Act
(Ga. Code Ann. 49-4-168 49-4-168.6), Georgia Medical Assistance Act false statements provision (Ga. Code Ann. 
49-4-140 49-4-157), and Alabama Medicaid false statements statute (Ala. Code 22-1-11(a)) contain prohibitions that are
analogous to the federal False Claims Act. Alabama law also includes an anti-kickback provision (Ala. Code 22-1-11(c)) that is
analogous to the federal AKS. 

21 

The
Georgia Patient Self-Referral Act of 1993 (Ga. Code Ann. 43-1B-1 43-1B-8) contains prohibitions on self-referral
that are similar to those under the Stark Law, however, the Georgia law applies to additional classes of providers, including pharmacists,
and is not limited to items or services reimbursable by a federal healthcare program. The Georgia law prohibits health care providers
or entities regulated by the law from presenting any claim for payment to any individual, third-party payer, or other entity for a service
furnished pursuant to a prohibited referral. 

If
we are found in violation of applicable laws or regulations, we could suffer severe consequences that would have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and stock price, including: 

suspension
 or termination of our participation in federal healthcare programs; 

criminal
 or civil liability, fines, damages or monetary penalties for violations of healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the federal
 False Claims Act, CMPL, and AKS; 

repayment
 of amounts received in violation of law or applicable payment program requirements, and related monetary penalties; 

mandated
 changes to our practices or procedures that materially increase operating expenses; 

imposition
 of corporate integrity agreements that could subject us to ongoing audits and reporting requirements as well as increased scrutiny
 of our business practices; 

termination
 of various relationships or contracts related to our business; and 

harm
 to our reputation which could negatively affect our business relationships, decrease our ability to attract or retain patients and
 physicians, decrease access to new business opportunities and impact our ability to obtain financing, among other things. 

Responding
to lawsuits and other proceedings as well as defending ourselves in such matters would require management s attention and cause
us to incur significant legal expense. It is also possible that criminal proceedings may be initiated against us or individuals in our
business in connection with investigations by the federal government. 

Additionally,
to the extent that our product is sold or our services are provided in a foreign country, we may be subject to similar foreign laws. 

We
are subject to the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, the Health Information Technology
for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 HITECH Act ), and related implementing regulations (together, HIPAA ),
and failure to comply, including through a breach of protected health information PHI could materially harm our business. 

HIPAA
established comprehensive federal protection for the privacy and security of health information. The HIPAA standards apply to three types
of organizations, or Covered Entities : (1) health plans, (2) health care clearing houses, and (3) health care providers
who conduct certain health care transactions electronically. The HIPAA standards also apply to Covered Entities Business
Associates. Covered Entities and their Business Associates must have in place administrative, physical, and technical standards
to guard against the misuse of individually identifiable health information. The HITECH Act promotes the adoption and meaningful use
of health information technology. The HITECH Act addresses the privacy and security concerns associated with the electronic transmission
of health information, in part, through several provisions that strengthen the civil and criminal enforcement of the HIPAA rules. These
laws may impact our business in the future. INVO is currently a Business Associate of various Covered Entities. Failure to comply with
these confidentiality requirements, including via a breach of PHI, may result in penalties and sanctions. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we may use, collect, and store sensitive data, including PHI. We face risks relative to protecting
this critical information, including loss of access risk, inappropriate disclosure risk, inappropriate modification risk, and the risk
of being unable to adequately monitor our controls. Our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers
or viruses or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach or interruption could compromise our
networks and the information stored there could be accessed by unauthorized parties, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access,
disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of
personal information, such as HIPAA, and regulatory penalties. There is no guarantee that we can continue to protect our systems from
breach. Unauthorized access, loss, or dissemination could also disrupt our operations. 

The
U.S. Office of Civil Rights in the Department of Health and Human Services enforces the HIPAA privacy and security rules and may impose
penalties for failure to comply with requirements of HIPAA. Penalties vary significantly depending on factors such as whether failure
to comply was due to willful neglect. These penalties include civil monetary penalties of 100 to 50,000 per violation, up to an annual
cap of 1,500,000 for identical violations. A person who knowingly obtains or discloses individually identifiable health information
in violation of HIPAA may face a criminal penalty of up to 50,000 per violation and up to one-year imprisonment. The criminal penalties
increase to 100,000 per violation and up to five-years imprisonment if the wrongful conduct involves false pretenses, and to 250,000
per violation and up to 10-years imprisonment if the wrongful conduct involves the intent to sell, transfer, or use identifiable health
information for commercial advantage, personal gain, or malicious harm. The U.S. Department of Justice is responsible for criminal prosecutions
under HIPAA. Furthermore, in the event of a breach as defined by HIPAA, there are reporting requirements to the Office of Civil Rights
under the HIPAA regulations as well as to affected individuals, and there may also be additional reporting requirements to other state
and federal regulators, including the Federal Trade Commission, and to the media. Issuing such notifications can be costly, time and
resource intensive, and can generate significant negative publicity. Breaches of HIPAA may also constitute contractual violations, including
violation of the Company s Business Associate contracts with Covered Entities from which the Company receives PHI, that could lead
to contractual damages or terminations. 

If
we are unable to effectively adapt to changes in the healthcare industry, our business may be harmed. 

Federal,
state, and local legislative bodies frequently pass legislation and promulgate regulations relating to healthcare reform or that affect
the healthcare industry. As has been the trend in recent years, it is reasonable to assume that there will continue to be increased government
oversight and regulation of the healthcare industry in the future. We cannot predict the ultimate content, timing, or effect of any new
healthcare legislation or regulations, nor is it possible at this time to estimate the impact of potential new legislation or regulations
on our business. It is possible that future legislation enacted by Congress or state legislatures, or regulations promulgated by regulatory
authorities at the federal or state level, could adversely affect our business. It is also possible that the changes to federal healthcare
program reimbursements to providers who purchase our products or use our services may serve as precedent to possible changes in other
payors reimbursement policies in a manner adverse to us. Similarly, changes in private payor reimbursements could lead to adverse
changes in federal healthcare programs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows,
and results of operations. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully address changes in the current regulatory environment. Some of the healthcare
laws and regulations applicable to us are subject to limited or evolving interpretations, and a review of our business or operations
by a court, law enforcement, or a regulatory authority might result in a determination that could have a material adverse effect on us.
Furthermore, the healthcare laws and regulations applicable to us may be amended or interpreted in a manner that could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

22 

Recent
economic trends could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Economic
downturns and declines in consumption in the healthcare market may affect the levels of both our sales and profitability. If a downturn
in economic conditions occurs, or if there is deterioration in financial markets and major economies, our financial performance could
be adversely affected. The tightening of credit in financial markets may adversely affect the ability of our customers and suppliers
to obtain financing, which could result in a decrease in, or deferrals or cancellations of, the sale of our products and services. In
addition, weakening economic conditions may result in a decline in spending for ART and fertility assistance that could adversely affect
our business operations and liquidity. We are unable to predict the likely duration and severity of any disruption in the domestic and
global financial markets. 

Social
media platforms present risks and challenges. 

The
unauthorized use of certain social media vehicles could result in the improper collection and/or dissemination of personally identifiable
information causing brand damage and various legal implications. In addition, negative or inaccurate social media posts or comments about
us on any social networking site could damage our brand, reputation, and goodwill. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

We
have been notified by Nasdaq of our failure to comply with certain continued listing requirements and, if we are unable to regain compliance
with all applicable continued listing requirements and standards of Nasdaq, our common stock could be delisted from Nasdaq. Additionally,
if Nasdaq does not grant us an extension or if a favorable decision is not be obtained from a hearings panel, or the Panel, after the
hearing, our common stock would be delisted from Nasdaq. 

Our
common stock is currently listed on Nasdaq. In order to maintain that listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued
listing requirements and standards, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders 
equity, minimum share price, and certain corporate governance requirements. 

On
November 23, 2022, we received notice (the Stockholders Equity Notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq advising us that we were not in compliance with the minimum stockholders equity requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq
Capital Market. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) requires companies listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market to maintain stockholders 
equity of at least 2,500,000 (the Stockholders Equity Requirement). In our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended September 30, 2022, we reported stockholders equity of 1,287,224, which is below the Stockholders Equity Requirement
for continued listing. Additionally, as of the date of the Notice, we did not meet either of the alternative Nasdaq continued listing
standards under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, market value of listed securities of at least 35 million, or net income of 500,000 from continuing
operations in the most recently completed fiscal year, or in two of the three most recently completed fiscal years. 

The
Notice has no immediate effect on the listing of our common stock and our common stock continues to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbol INVO subject to our compliance with the other continued listing requirements. 

Pursuant
to the Stockholders Equity Notice, Nasdaq gave us 45 calendar days, or until January 7, 2023, to submit to Nasdaq a plan to regain
compliance. If our plan is accepted, Nasdaq may grant an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date of the Notice to evidence
compliance. 

On
January 18, 2023, we received a letter from Nasdaq under which it stated that based on our submission that Nasdaq has determined to grant
us an extension of time to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b) until May 22, 2023. We must furnish to the SEC and Nasdaq
a publicly available report (e.g. a Form 8-K) which report, among other things, includes a description of the completed transaction or
event that enabled us to satisfy the stockholders equity requirement for continued listing After filing the publicly available
report described above, if we fail to evidence compliance upon filing its periodic report for the June 30, 2023, with the SEC and Nasdaq,
the Company may be subject to delisting. In the event we do not satisfy these terms, Nasdaq will provide written notification that its
securities will be delisted. At that time, the Company may appeal Nasdaq s determination to a Hearings Panel. 

In
addition, on January 11, 2023, we received a letter from the staff (the Staff of Nasdaq listing qualifications group indicating
that, based upon the closing bid price of our common stock for the last 30 consecutive business days, we were not in compliance with
the requirement to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share for continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

In
accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have been provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until July 10, 2023,
to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. If at any time before July 10, 2023, the closing bid price of our common
stock closes at or above 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide written notification that
we have achieved compliance with the minimum bid price requirement, and the matter would be resolved. If we do not regain compliance
prior to July 10, 2023, then Nasdaq may grant us a second 180 calendar day period to regain compliance, provided we (i) meets the continued
listing requirement for market value of publicly-held shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market, other
than the minimum closing bid price requirement, and (ii) notifies Nasdaq of its intent to cure the deficiency within such second 180
calendar day period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. 

23 

We
will continue to monitor the closing bid price of our common stock and will consider implementing available options to regain compliance
with the minimum bid price requirement under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. If we do not regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement
within the allotted compliance periods, we will receive a written notification from Nasdaq that its securities are subject to delisting.
We would then be entitled to appeal that determination to a Nasdaq hearings panel. There can be no assurance that we will regain compliance
during either compliance period or maintain compliance with the other Nasdaq listing requirements. 

In
the event that our common stock is delisted from Nasdaq, as a result of our failure to comply with either the Stockholders Equity
Requirement or the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, or as a result of Nasdaq not granting us an extension or the Panel not granting us
a favorable decision, or due to our failure to continue to comply with any other requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq, and is
not eligible for listing on another exchange, trading in the shares of our common stock could be conducted in the over-the-counter market
or on an electronic bulletin board established for unlisted securities such as the Pink Sheets or the OTC Bulletin Board. In such event,
it could become more difficult to dispose of, or obtain accurate price quotations for, our common stock, and it would likely be more
difficult to obtain coverage by securities analysts and the news media, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline further.
Also, it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital if we are not listed on a national exchange. 

Our
common stock is subject to risks arising from restrictions on reliance on Rule 144 by shell companies or former shell companies. 

Under
a SEC rule known as Rule 144 , a person who has beneficially owned restricted securities of an issuer and who is not an
affiliate of that issuer may sell them without registration under the Securities Act provided that certain conditions have been met.
However, Rule 144 is unavailable for the resale of securities issued by an issuer that is a shell company or that has been at any time
previously a shell company. The SEC defines a shell company as a company that has no or nominal operations and either (i) no or nominal
assets, (ii) assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents, or (iii) assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents
and nominal other assets. We are a former shell company. 

The
SEC has provided an exception to this unavailability if and for as long as the following conditions are met: (a) the issuer of the securities
that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; (b) the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; (c) the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act
reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable during the preceding 12 months, other than certain Current Reports on Form
8-K; and (d) at least one (1) year has elapsed form the time the issuer filed current comprehensive disclosure with the SEC reflecting
its status as an entity that it is not a shell company. 

Because
of our prior history as a shell company, stockholders who receive our restricted securities will only be able to sell them pursuant to
Rule 144 without registration for only as long as we continue to meet the requirements set forth above. No assurance can be given that
we will meet these requirements going forward. Furthermore, any non-registered securities we sell in the future or issue will have limited
or no liquidity until and unless such securities are registered with the SEC and/or until we comply with the foregoing requirements. 

As
a result, it may be harder for us to raise funding through the sale of debt or equity securities unless we agree to register such securities
with the SEC, which could require us to deploy additional resources. In addition, if we are unable to attract additional capital, it
could have an adverse impact on our ability to implement our business plan and/or sustain our operations. Our status as a former shell
company could prevent us from raising additional funds to develop additional technological advancements, which could cause the
value of our securities to decline in value. 

A
portion of the ownership of our common stock is concentrated in a small number of investors, some of whom are affiliated with our board
of directors and management. 

Our
management and board of directors own approximately 11 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. By virtue of such holdings,
they have the ability to exercise influence over our business and affairs, including matters requiring approval by our stockholders including
but not limited to the following actions: 

the
 election of members of the board of directors; 

amending
 our articles of incorporation or bylaws; and 

approving
 a merger, sale of assets, or other corporate transaction. 

24 

Our
directors have the right to authorize the issuance of shares of our preferred stock and additional shares of our common stock. 

Our
directors, within the limitations and restrictions contained in our articles of incorporation and without further action by our shareholders,
have the authority to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to fix the number of shares and the
relative conversion and voting rights, and terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and any other preferences, special rights and
qualifications of any such series. While we have no intention of issuing shares of preferred stock at the present time, we may seek to
raise capital through the sale of our securities and may issue shares of preferred stock in connection with a particular investment.
Any issuance of shares of preferred stock could adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock. 

Should
we issue additional shares of our common stock, each investor s ownership interest in our stock would be proportionally reduced. 

The
indemnification rights provided to our directors, officers and employees may result in substantial expenditures by us and may discourage
lawsuits against its directors, officers and employees. 

Our
articles of incorporation and applicable Nevada law provide for the indemnification of our directors, officers, employees. The foregoing
indemnification obligations could result in us incurring substantial expenditures to cover the costs of settlement or damage awards against
directors, officers and employees, which we may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage us from
brining a lawsuit against out directors and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties and may similarly discourage the filing of
derivative litigation by our stockholders against our directs or officer even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit
us and our stockholders. 

Our
shares of common stock are thinly traded, and the price may not reflect our value; there can be no assurance that there will be an active
market for our shares now or in the future. 

We
have a trading symbol for our common stock INVO and our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Our
shares of common stock are thinly traded, and as such the price, if traded, may not reflect our value. There can be no assurance that
there will be an active market for our shares of common stock either now or in the future. The market liquidity will be dependent on,
among other things, the perception of our operating business and any steps that our management might take to bring us to the awareness
of investors. There can be no assurance given that there will be any awareness generated or, if given, that it will be positive. 

Consequently,
investors may not be able to liquidate their investment or may be able to liquidate it only at a price that does not reflect the value
of the business. If a more active market should develop, the price may be highly volatile. Due to the possibility of our common stock
being priced lower than its actual value, many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in the securities. Even if an
investor finds a broker willing to effect a transaction in the shares of our common stock, the combination of brokerage commissions,
transfer fees, taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price. 

25 

We
do not expect to pay any dividends to shareholders. 

To
date, we have never declared or paid any dividends to our stockholders. Our board of directors does not intend to distribute dividends
in the near future. The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors,
and will depend upon, among other things, the results of our operations, cash flows and financial conditions, operating and capital requirements,
and other factors as the board of directors considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid to stockholders.
In the event dividends are paid to stockholders, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. 

Our
revenue and operating results could fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter, which may cause our stock price to decline. 

Since
our inception, we have not generated significant revenue. Our results from year-to-year and from quarter-to-quarter have, and are expected
to continue to, vary significantly based on ordering cycles of distributors and partners. As a result, we expect period-to-period comparisons
of our operating results may not be meaningful as an indication of our future performance for any future period. 

We
may have difficulty raising the necessary capital to fund operations and the Wisconsin Fertility acquisition because of the thin
market and market price volatility for our shares of common stock. 

Throughout
2022, there has been a thin market for our shares, and the market price for our shares has been volatile. In recent years, the securities
markets in the U.S. and around the world have experienced a high level of price and volume volatility, and the market price of securities
of many companies have experienced wide fluctuations that have not necessarily been related to the operations, performances, underlying
asset values or prospects of such companies. For these reasons, we expect our shares of common stock may also be subject to volatility
resulting from market forces over which we will have no control. The success of our products and services may be dependent upon our ability
to obtain additional financing through debt and equity or other means. The thin market for our shares, and the volatility in the market
price for our shares, may adversely affect our ability to raise needed additional capital. 

General
Risk Factors 

Shareholders
may be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and from issuance of additional shares of our common stock, including
such issuances of shares for services. 

To
satisfy certain financial obligations, we have issued and may continue to issue shares of our common stock and we have incurred and may
continue to incur debt, which may be convertible into shares of our common stock. We may attempt to raise capital by selling shares of
our common stock, possibly with warrants, which may be issued or exercised at a discount to the market price for our common stock. These
actions would result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing shareholders, and may further dilute the common stock book value,
and that dilution may be material. Such issuances may also serve to enhance existing management s ability to control us as the
shares may be issued to our officers, directors, new employees, or other related parties. 

26 

We
are subject to the reporting requirements of U.S. federal securities laws, which can be expensive. 

We
are a public reporting company and accordingly subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and other federal
securities laws, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We are required to prepare and file annual and quarterly reports,
proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports. Compliance with such reporting requirements is both
time-consuming and costly for us. We may need to hire additional financial reporting, internal control, and other finance personnel in
order to develop and implement appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures. 

In
addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well as rules implemented
by the SEC and the securities exchanges, require certain corporate governance practices for public companies. Our management and other
personnel have devoted and expect to continue to devote a substantial amount of time to public reporting requirements and corporate governance.
These rules and regulations have significantly increased our legal and financial compliance costs and made some activities more time-consuming
and costly. If these costs are not offset by increased revenues and improved financial performance, our financial condition and results
of operations may be materially adversely affected. These rules and regulations also make it more difficult and more expensive for us
to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future. Additionally, we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and
coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to
attract and retain qualified personnel to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. 

Failure
to comply with internal control attestation requirements could lead to loss of public confidence in our financial statements and negatively
impact our stock price. 

Pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to conduct an annual management assessment of the effectiveness of
our internal controls over financial reporting. If we fail to timely develop our internal controls, and management is unable to make
this assessment, or, once required, if the independent registered public accounting firm cannot timely attest to this assessment, we
could be subject to regulatory sanctions. As a result, a loss of public confidence in our financial controls and the reliability of
our consolidated financial statements may develop ultimately negatively impacting our stock price and our ability to raise
additional capital when and as needed. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

We
currently do not own any real property and operate from leased facilities. Our principal executive office is located at 5582 Broadcast
Court Sarasota, Florida 34240. The lease is for one 5-year term, with an option to extend for one 3-year term. We lease approximately
1,223 square feet in the Sarasota facility, pursuant to a May 2019 lease with a 3 annual rent increase. We believe that our facilities
are adequate to meet our needs. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

The
Company is not currently subject to any material legal proceedings; however, it could be subject to legal proceedings and claims from
time to time in the ordinary course of its business, or legal proceedings it considered immaterial may in the future become material.
Regardless of the outcome, litigation can, among other things, be time consuming and expensive to resolve, and can divert management
resources. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

27 

Part
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Trading
of our shares of our common stock is on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol INVO. Prior to November 12, 2020, our
common stock was traded on the OTC QB Venture Market tier of the over-the-counter OTC market. 

As of April 17, 2023, there were 13,971,283 shares
of our common stock outstanding. 

Information
required with respect to Equity Compensation Plans in this Item 5 is included in Item 11 on page 44 of this report on Form 10-K. 

Stockholders 

As of April 17, 2023, there were approximately 183
stockholders of record of our common stock. However, we estimate that we have a significantly greater number of beneficial holders of
our common stock because a number of shares are held of record by broker-dealers for their customers in street name. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid a dividend on our common stock. We intend to retain future earnings (if any) to fund the development and
growth of our business, rather than to pay them as dividends, for the foreseeable future. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchase
of Equity Securities 

No
repurchase of equity securities were made during the 2022 fiscal year. 

28 

Item
6. Reserved 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
discussion includes certain forward-looking statements about our business and our expectations, including statements relating to revenues,
international revenues, revenue growth rates, gross margin, operating expenses, amortization expense, earnings per share, available cash
and operating cash flow. Any such statements are subject to risk that could cause the actual results to vary materially from expectations.
For a further discussion of the various risks that may affect our business and expectations, see the section titled Risk Factors 
contained in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties discussed therein do not reflect the potential
future impact of any mergers, acquisitions or dispositions. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only
as of the day this Annual Report was filed with the SEC and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent
date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to
do so, even if our estimates change. 

Overview 

We
are a commercial-stage fertility company dedicated to expanding the assisted reproductive technology ART marketplace
by making fertility care accessible and inclusive to people around the world. Our primary mission is to implement new medical
technologies aimed at increasing the availability of affordable, high-quality, patient-centered fertility care. Our flagship product
is INVOcell, a revolutionary medical device that allows fertilization and early embryo development to take place in vivo 
within the woman s body. This treatment solution is the world s first intravaginal culture technique for the incubation
of oocytes and sperm during fertilization and early embryo development. This technique, designated as IVC , provides
patients a more connected and intimate experience at a more affordable cost in comparison to in vitro fertilization IVF ), the other advanced ART treatment. The IVC procedure can deliver comparable results to IVF and is a
significantly more effective treatment than intrauterine insemination IUI ). Our commercialization strategy is focused
on the opening of dedicated INVO Centers offering the INVOcell and IVC procedure (with three centers in North America
now operational) and the acquisition of existing IVF clinics, in addition to continuing to sell our technology solution into existing fertility clinics. 

Unlike
conventional IVF where the oocytes and sperm develop into embryos in an expensive laboratory incubator,
the INVOcell allows fertilization and early embryo development to take place in the woman s body. This allows for many benefits
in the IVC procedure, including: 

Eliminates
 expensive and time-consuming lab procedures, allowing clinics and doctors to increase patient capacity and reduce costs; 

Provides
 a natural, stable incubation environment; 

Offers
 a more personal, intimate experience in creating a baby; and 

Reduces
 the risk of errors and wrong embryo transfers. 

In
both current utilization of the INVOcell, and in clinical studies, the IVC procedure has proven to have equivalent pregnancy success
and live birth rates as IVF when comparing similar incubation periods. 

Operations 

We
operate with a core internal team and outsource certain operational functions in order to help advance our efforts as well as reduce
fixed internal overhead needs and costs and in-house capital equipment requirements. Our most critical management and leadership functions
are carried out by our core management team. We have contracted out the manufacturing, assembly, packaging, labeling, and sterilization
of the device to a medical manufacturing company and a sterilization specialist to perform the gamma sterilization process. 

To
date, we have completed a series of important steps in the successful development and manufacturing of the INVOcell: 

Manufacturing :
 we are ISO 13485:2016 certified and manage all aspects of production and manufacturing with qualified suppliers. Our key suppliers
 have been steadfast partners since our company first began and can provide us with virtually an unlimited capability to support our
 growth objectives, with all manufacturing performed in the New England region of the U.S.. 

Raw
 Materials : all raw materials utilized for the INVOcell are medical grade and commonly used in medical devices (e.g., medical
 grade silicone, medical grade plastic). Our principal molded component suppliers are well-established companies in the molding industry
 and are either ISO 13485 or ISO 9001 certified. The molded components are supplied to our contract manufacturer for assembly and
 packaging of the INVOcell system. The contract manufacturer is ISO 13485 certified, and U.S. Food Drug Administration FDA registered. 

CE
 Mark : INVO Bioscience received the CE Mark in October 2019. The CE Mark permits the sale of devices in Europe, Australia and
 other countries that recognize the CE Mark, subject to local registration requirements. 

29 

US
 Marketing Clearance : the safety and efficacy of the INVOcell has been demonstrated and cleared for marketing and use by the FDA
 in November 2015. 

Clinical :
 we are actively seeking to expand the labeling on our device, the indication for use, to cover a day 5 incubation period, in addition
 to the currently approved use of day 3 incubation. This may be accomplished with a prospective clinical study, which we previously
 designed and had the Institutional Review Board IRB approve to evaluate the modified INVOcell system for effectiveness
 of achieving fertilization, implantation, embryo development, clinical pregnancy, and live birth after day 5 continuous vaginal incubation
 (clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT04246268). The objective of this study would be to assess the efficacy, safety, comfort and retention
 of the INVOcell with the retention device and demonstrate superior efficacy following day 5 vaginal incubation as compared to the
 current day 3 vaginal incubation indication. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we elected to place the trial on hold, but expect
 to move it forward with some improved design parameters this year. In the meantime, and as a result of available retrospective, real-market
 usage (day 5) data, we initiated an effort to pursue a 510(k) filing utilizing retrospective data as a separate effort to achieve
 our label enhancement. This retrospective effort remains ongoing and active. 

Market
Opportunity 

The
global ART marketplace is a large, multi-billion industry growing at a strong pace in many parts of the world as increased infertility
rates, increased patient awareness, acceptance of treatment options, and improving financial incentives such as insurance and governmental
assistance continue to drive demand. According to the European Society for Human Reproduction 2020 ART Fact Sheet, one in six couples
worldwide experience infertility problems. Additionally, the worldwide market remains vastly underserved as a high percentage of patients
in need of care continue to go untreated each year for many reasons, but key among them are capacity constraints and cost barriers. While
there have been large increases in the use of IVF, there are still only approximately 2.6 million ART cycles, including IVF, IUI and
other fertility treatments, performed globally each year, producing around 500,000 babies. This amounts to less than 3 of the infertile
couples worldwide being treated and only 1 having a child though IVF. The industry remains capacity constrained which creates challenges
in providing access to care to the volume of patients in need. A survey by Resolve: The National Infertility Association, 
indicates the two main reasons couples do not use IVF is cost and geographical availability (and/or capacity). 

In
the United States, infertility, according to the American Society of Reproductive Medicine (2017), affects an estimated 10 -15 of the
couples of childbearing-age. According to the Centers for Disease Control CDC ), there are approximately 6.7 million women
with impaired fertility. Based on preliminary 2020 data from CDC s National ART Surveillance System, approximately 326,000 IVF
cycles were performed at 449 IVF centers, leaving the U.S. with a large, underserved patient population, similar to most markets
around the world. 

Competitive
Advantages 

We
believe that the INVOcell, and the IVC procedure it enables, have the following key advantages: 

Lower
cost than IVF with equivalent efficacy . The IVC procedure can be offered for less than IVF due to lower cost of supplies, labor,
capital equipment and general overhead. The laboratory equipment needed to perform an IVF cycle is expensive and requires ongoing costs
as compared to what is required for an IVC cycle. As a result, we also believe INVOcell and the IVC procedure enable a clinic and its
laboratory to be more efficient as compared to conventional IVF. 

The
IVC procedure is currently being offered at several IVF clinics at a price range of 5,000 - 11,000 per cycle and from 4,500 to
 7,000 at the existing INVO Centers, thereby making it more affordable than conventional IVF (which tends to average 12,000 to
 17,000 per cycle or higher). 

Improved
efficiency providing for greater capacity and improved access to care and geographic availability . In many parts of the world, including
the U.S., IVF clinics tend to be concentrated in higher population centers and are often capacity constrained in terms of how many patients
a center can treat, since volume is limited by the number of capital-intensive incubators available in IVF clinic labs. With the significant
number of untreated patients along with the growing interest and demand for services, the industry remains challenged to provide sufficient
access to care and to do so at an economical price. We believe INVOcell and the IVC procedure it enables can play a significant role
in helping to address these challenges. According to the 2020 CDC Report, there are approximately 449 IVF centers in the U.S. We estimate
that by adopting the INVOcell, IVF clinics can increase fertility cycle volume by up to 30 without adding to personnel, space and/or
equipment costs. Our own INVO Centers also address capacity constraints by adding to the overall ART cycle capacity and doing so with
comparable efficacy to IVF outcomes as well as at a lower per cycle price. Moreover, we believe that we are uniquely positioned to drive
more significant growth in fertility treatment capacity in the future by partnering with existing OB/GYN practices. In the U.S., there
are an estimated 5,000 OB/GYN offices, many of which offer fertility services (usually limited to consultation and IUI, but not IVF).
Since the IVC procedure requires a much smaller lab facility, less equipment and fewer lab personnel (in comparison to conventional IVF),
it could potentially be offered as an extended service in an OB/GYN office. With proper training and a lighter lab infrastructure, the
INVOcell could expand the business for these physicians and allow them to treat patients that are unable to afford IVF and provide patients
with a more readily accessible, convenient, and cost-effective solution. With our three-pronged strategy (IVF clinics, INVO Centers and
OB/GYN practices), in addition to lowering costs, we believe INVOcell and the IVC procedure can address our industry s key challenges,
capacity and cost, by their ability to expand and decentralize treatment and increase the number of points of care for patients in need.
This powerful combination of lower cost and added capacity has the potential to open up access to care for underserved patients around
the world. 

30 

Greater
patient involvement . With the IVC procedure, the patient uses their own body for fertilization, incubation, and early embryo development
which creates a greater sense of involvement, comfort, and participation. In some cases, this may also free people from barriers related
to due to ethical or religious concerns, or fears of laboratory mix-ups. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Our
approach to market is focused on identifying partners within targeted geographic regions that we believe can best promote support our
efforts to expand access to advanced fertility treatment for the large number of underserved infertile people hoping to have a baby.
We believe that the INVOcell-based IVC procedure is an effective and affordable treatment option that greatly reduces the need for more
expensive IVF lab facilities and allows providers to pass on related savings to patients without compromising efficacy. We have been
cleared to sell the INVOcell in the United States since November 2015 after receiving de novo class II clearance from the FDA. Our primary
focus over the past two years has been on establishing INVO Centers in the U.S. and abroad to promote the INVOcell and the IVC procedure
and acquiring existing U.S.-based IVF clinics where we can integrated the INVOcell. While we continue selling the INVOcell directly to
IVF clinics and via distributors and other partners around the world, we have transitioned INVO from being a medical device company
to one that is mostly focused on providing fertility services. 

Ferring 

On
November 12, 2018, we entered into a U.S. Distribution Agreement (the Ferring Agreement with Ferring International Center
S.A. Ferring ), which became effective on January 14, 2019. Pursuant to the Ferring Agreement, among other things, we granted Ferring
an exclusive license in the United States to market, promote, distribute, and sell the INVOcell. Ferring was responsible, at its own
cost, for all commercialization activities for in the United States. We retained a limited exception to the exclusive license granted
to Ferring allowing us, subject to certain restrictions, to establish up to five INVO Centers in the United States, which as of March
2, 2021, was amended to seven centers. We retained all commercialization rights for the INVOcell outside of the United States. 

On
November 2, 2021, Ferring notified us of its intention to terminate the Ferring Agreement, which required 90-days prior written notice.
Accordingly, the Ferring Agreement officially terminated on January 31, 2022. Pursuant to the terms of the Ferring Agreement, upon notice
of termination, Ferring was required to use commercially reasonable efforts to transition any customers to us and otherwise facilitate
the orderly transition of the distribution from Ferring to us. By its terms, our Supply Agreement with Ferring also terminated on January
31, 2022. 

The
Ferring license was deemed to be a functional license that provides the counterparty with a right to access to our intellectual
property during the subscription period and accordingly, revenue is recognized over a period of time, which is generally the subscription
period. The likelihood of Ferring exercising its rights became remote at the time notice of termination was received, therefore INVO
recognized the full remaining amount of the deferred revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021. During the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, we recognized nil and 3.6 million of revenue related to the Ferring license agreement, respectively, and, as of
December 31, 2022, we had no deferred revenue related to the Ferring Agreement. 

International
Distribution Agreements 

We
have entered into exclusive distribution agreements for a number of international markets. These agreements usually have an initial term
with renewal options and require the distributors to meet minimum annual purchases, which vary depending on the market. We are also required
to register the product in each market before the distributor can begin importing, a process and timeline that can vary widely depending
on the market. 

31 

The
following table sets forth a list of our current international distribution agreements: 

INVOcell
 
 Registration 

Market 

Distribution
 Partner 

Date 

Initial
 Term 

Status
 in Country 

Mexico
 (a) 

Positib
 Fertility, S.A. de C.V. 

Sept
 2020 

TBD 

Completed 

Malaysia 

iDS
 Medical Systems 

Nov
 2020 

3-year 

Completed 

Pakistan 

Galaxy
 Pharma 

Dec
 2020 

1-year 

In
 process 

Thailand 

IVF
 Envimed Co., Ltd. 

April
 2021 

1-year 

Completed 

Sudan 

Quality
 Medicines, Cosmetics Medical Equipment Import 

Sept
 2020 

1-year 

In
 process 

Ethiopia 

Quality
 Medicines, Cosmetics Medical Equipment Import 

Sept
 2020 

1-year 

In
 process 

Uganda 

Quality
 Medicines, Cosmetics Medical Equipment Import 

Sept
 2020 

1-year 

Not
 required 

Nigeria 

G-Systems
 Limited 

Sept
 2020 

5-year 

Completed 

Iran 

Tasnim
 Behboud 

Dec
 2020 

1-year 

Completed 

Sri
 Lanka 

Alsonic
 Limited 

July
 2021 

1-year 

In
 process 

China 

Onesky
 Holdings Limited 

May
 2022 

5-year 

In
 process 

(a) 
 Our
 Mexico JV. Please note that the registration is temporarily in the name of Proveedora de Equipos y Productos, S.A. de C.V. and will
 be transferred to Positib Fertility as soon as practicable. 

Investment
in Joint Ventures and Partnerships 

As
part of our commercialization strategy, we entered into a number of joint ventures and partnerships designed to establish new INVO Centers. 

The
following table sets forth a list of our current joint venture arrangements: 

Affiliate Name 
 Country 
 Percent ) Ownership 

HRCFG INVO, LLC 
 United States 
 50 
 
 Bloom Invo, LLC 
 United States 
 40 
 
 Positib Fertility, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 33 
 
 Ginekalix INVO Bioscience LLC Skopje 
 Republic of North Macedonia 
 50 

The
following table sets forth a list of our current partnership arrangements: 

Partner 
 Country 
 Partnership Split 
 
 Lyfe Medical 
 United States 
 40 

Alabama
JV Agreement 

On
March 10, 2021, our wholly owned subsidiary, INVO Centers, LLC INVO CTR ), entered into a limited liability company agreement
with HRCFG, LLC HRCFG to form a joint venture for the purpose of establishing an INVO Center in Birmingham, Alabama.
The name of the joint venture LLC is HRCFG INVO, LLC (the Alabama JV ). The responsibilities of HRCFG s principals
include providing clinical practice expertise, performing recruitment functions, providing all necessary training, and providing day-to-day
management of the clinic. The responsibilities of INVO CTR include providing certain funding to the Alabama JV and providing access to
and being the exclusive provider of the INVOcell to the Alabama JV. INVO CTR will also perform all required, industry specific compliance
and accreditation functions, and product documentation for product registration. 

The
Alabama JV opened to patients on August 9, 2021. 

The
Alabama JV is accounted for using the equity method in our consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022 we invested
 1.6 million in the Alabama JV in the form of a note. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Alabama JV recorded net
losses of 0.3 million and 0.6 million, respectively, of which we recognized losses from equity method investments of 0.2 million
and 0.3 million, respectively. 

32 

Georgia
JV Agreement 

On
June 28, 2021, INVO CTR entered into a limited liability company agreement (the Bloom Agreement with Bloom Fertility,
LLC Bloom to establish a joint venture entity, formed as Bloom INVO LLC (the Georgia JV ),
for the purposes of commercializing INVOcell, and the related IVC procedure, through the establishment of an INVO Center, (the Atlanta
Clinic in the Atlanta, Georgia metropolitan area. 

In
consideration for INVO s commitment to contribute up to 800,000 within the 24-month period following execution of the Bloom Agreement
to support the start-up operations of the Georgia JV, the Georgia JV issued 800 of its units to INVO CTR and in consideration for Bloom s
commitment to contribute physician services having an anticipated value of up to 1,200,000 over the course of a 24-month vesting period,
the Georgia JV issued 1,200 of its units to Bloom. 

The
responsibilities of Bloom include providing all medical services required for the operation of the Atlanta Clinic. The responsibilities
of INVO CTR include providing certain funding to the Georgia JV, lab services quality management, and providing access to and being the
exclusive provider of the INVOcell to the Georgia JV. INVO CTR will also perform all required, industry specific compliance and accreditation
functions, and product documentation for product registration. 

The
Georgia JV opened to patients on September 7, 2021. 

The
results of the Georgia JV are consolidated in our financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, INVO invested 0.9 million in the Georgia
JV in the form of capital contributions as well as 0.5 million in the form of a note. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Georgia JV recorded net losses of 0.6 million and 0.4 million, respectively. Noncontrolling interest in the Georgia JV was 0.
See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information
on the Georgia JV. 

Mexico
JV Agreement 

Effective
September 24, 2020, INVO CTR entered into a Pre-Incorporation and Shareholders Agreement with Francisco Arredondo, MD PLLC Arredondo and Security Health LLC, a Texas limited liability company Ramirez , and together with INVO CTR and Arredondo, the Shareholders under which the Shareholders will commercialize the IVC procedure and offer related medical treatments in Mexico. Each party owns one-third
of the Mexican incorporated company, Positib Fertility, S.A. de C.V. (the Mexico JV ). 

The
Mexico JV will operate in Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico and any other cities and places in Mexico as approved by the Mexico JV s
board of directors and Shareholders. In addition, the Shareholders agreed that the Mexico JV will be our exclusive distributor in Mexico.
The Shareholders also agreed not to compete directly or indirectly with the Mexico JV in Mexico. 

The
Mexico JV opened to patients on November 1, 2021. 

The
Mexico JV is accounted for using the equity method in our consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, INVO invested
 0.1 million in the Mexico JV. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Mexico JV recorded net losses of 0.1 million and
 0.04 million, respectively, of which we recognized losses from equity method investments of 0.05 million and 0.01 million,
respectively. 

North
Macedonia JV Agreement 

On
November 23, 2020, we entered into a joint venture agreement with Ginekaliks Dooel Ginekaliks ), a limited liability company
incorporated in the Republic of North Macedonia, to establish an exclusive joint venture to (i) commercialize, introduce, promote and
market technologies related to the INVOcell and IVC procedure in the Republic of North Macedonia, and (ii) establish an INVO Center.
The joint venture will be co-managed and owned 50 by each of INVO and Ginekaliks. As of December 31, 2022, no joint venture entity had
been formed. 

33 

Lyfe
Medical Center I, LLC Partnership Agreement 

On
April 9, 2021, we entered into a partnership agreement (the Lyfe Agreement with Lyfe Medical Center I, LLC Lyfe in connection with Lyfe s intention to establish an INVO Center in the Bay Area of California (the Bay Area Clinic ).
Pursuant to the Lyfe Agreement, we will provide embryology laboratory services in connection with the IVC procedure and other fertility-related
treatments (the Lab Services to be provided by Lyfe to its patients at the Bay Area Clinic. Under the terms of the Lyfe
Agreement, we will receive 40 of the net income received by the Bay Area Clinic for the performance of the Lab Services. As of December
31, 2022, the Bay Area Clinic was not yet operational. 

Recent
Developments 

January
and March 2023 Convertible Note and Warrant Financings 

In
January and March 2023, we sold unsecured convertible notes of the Company in the aggregate original principal amount of 410,000 (the
 Convertible Notes with a fixed conversion prices of 0.50 (for the 275,000 of January 2023 Notes) and 0.60 (for the
 135,000 of March 2023 Notes) and (ii) 5-year warrants (the Note Warrants to purchase 387,500 shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of 1.00 (subject to adjustments) (the Note and Warrant Private Placement ). The proceeds
were used for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

Interest
on the Convertible Notes accrues at a rate of ten percent (10 per annum and is payable at the holder s option either in cash
or in shares of the Company s common stock at the conversion price set forth in the Convertible Notes on December 31, 2023, unless
converted earlier. 

All
amounts due under the Convertible Notes are convertible at any time after the issuance date, in whole or in part (subject to rounding
for fractional shares), at the option of the holders into the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price for the Notes
as described above. 

Upon
any issuance by the Company of any of its equity securities in an underwritten offering, including Common Stock, for cash consideration,
indebtedness or a combination thereof after the date hereof (a Subsequent Equity Financing ), each holder shall have the
option to convert the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest of its Convertible Note into the number of fully paid and
non-assessable shares of securities issued in the Subsequent Equity Financing equal to the product of unpaid principal, together with
the balance of unpaid and accrued interest and other amounts payable hereunder, divided by the price per share paid by the investors
in the Subsequent Equity Financing multiplied by 80 , provided however, that any conversion shall only be allowed if the Subsequent Equity
Financing conversion price is equal to or greater than the Minimum Price (as defined in the Convertible Notes) including an appropriate
allocation any warrants offered. 

A
Convertible Note may not be converted and shares of common stock may not be issued under the Convertible Notes if, after giving effect
to the conversion or issuance, the holder together with its affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 of the Company s
outstanding ordinary shares. 

The
Company may prepay the Convertible Notes at any time in whole or in part by paying a s sum of money equal to 100 of the principal amount
to be redeemed, together with accrued and unpaid interest. 

The
Company entered into a registration rights agreement with the holders of and of even date with the Convertible Notes (the Note
RRA ). Pursuant to the terms of Note RRA, if the Company determines to register any of its securities, either for its own account
or the account of a security holder or holders, other than (i) a registration relating solely to employee benefit plans on Form S-8 (or
any successor form) or (ii) a registration relating solely to a Commission Rule 145 transaction on Form S-4 (or any successor form),
the Company will include in such registration, and in any underwriting involved therein, the shares underlying the Convertible Notes
and Note Warrants delivered pursuant to the Note and Warrant Purchase Agreements, subject to, in the case of an underwritten registration,
the discretion of the managing underwriter to reduce any or all piggyback registration shares if in its good faith judgment such inclusion
would affect the successful marketing of the underwritten offering. 

34 

February
2023 Convertible Debentures 

On
February 3, and February 17, 2023, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements (the February Purchase Agreements with accredited investors (the February Investors for the purchase of (i) convertible debentures of the Company in the
aggregate original principal amount of 500,000 (the February Debentures for a purchase price of 450,000, (ii) warrants
(the February Warrant to purchase 250,000 shares (the February Warrant Shares of the Company s common
stock par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.75 per share, and (iii) 83,333 shares of Common
Stock (the February Commitment Shares issued as an inducement for issuing the Debentures. The proceeds, net of placement
agent and legal fees, are being used for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

Pursuant
to the February Debentures, interest on the February Debentures accrues at a rate of eight percent (8 per annum and is payable at maturity,
one year from the date of the February Debentures. 

All
amounts due under the February Debentures are convertible at any time after the issuance date, in whole or in part, at the option of
the February Investors into Common Stock at an initial price of 0.52 per share. This conversion price is subject to adjustment for stock
splits, combinations or similar events and anti-dilution provisions, among other adjustments and is subject to a floor price. 

The
Company may prepay the February Debentures at any time in whole or in part by paying a sum of money equal to 105 of the principal amount
to be redeemed, together with accrued and unpaid interest. 

While
any portion of each February Debenture remains outstanding, if the Company receives cash proceeds of more than 2,000,000 (the Minimum
Threshold in the aggregate from any source or series of related or unrelated sources, the February Investors shall have the right
in their sole discretion to require the Company to immediately apply up to 50 of all proceeds received by the Company above the Minimum
Threshold to repay the outstanding amounts owed under the February Debentures. 

The
Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the February RRA with the February Investor that signed its purchase
agreement on February 3, 2023 (the Feb 3 Investor ). Pursuant to the terms of February RRA, the Company has agreed to file
with the SEC an initial registration statement on Form S-3 (or Form S-1 if S-3 is not available) covering the resale of all of the securities
acquired by the Feb 3 Investor under its February Purchase Agreement. The filing of such initial registration statement is to occur within
90 days of February 3, 2023. 

On
March 31, 2023, having received notice from the February Investor that signed its purchase agreement on February 17, 2023 (the Feb
17 Investor requesting repayment of its February Debenture, the Company paid the Feb 17 Investor 170,000, including interest
and the prepayment premium. After such payment, the principal due the Feb 17 Investor under its debenture was reduced from 200,000 to
 39,849. 

On
April 3, 2023, having received notice from the Feb 3 requesting repayment of its February Debenture, the Company paid the Feb 3 Investor
 213,879, including interest and the prepayment premium. After such payment, the principal due the Feb 3 Investor under its debenture
was reduced from 300,000 to 100,000. 

February
2023 Equity Purchase Agreement 

On
February 3, 2023, the Company entered into an equity purchase agreement (the ELOC and registration rights agreement (the
 ELOC RRA with the Feb 3 Investor pursuant to which the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Feb
3 Investor to purchase up to 10.0 million (the Maximum Commitment Amount of shares of Common Stock, in multiple tranches.
Further, under the ELOC and subject to the Maximum Commitment Amount, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to submit notices
to the Feb 3 Investor to purchase shares of Common Stock (i) in a minimum amount of not less than 25,000 and (ii) in a maximum amount
of up to the lesser of (a) 750,000 or (b) 200 of the Company s average daily trading value of the Common Stock. 

Also on February 3, 2023, the Company issued to the
Feb 3 Investor 150,000 shares of Common Stock for its commitment to enter into the ELOC. 

The
obligation of the Feb 3 Investor to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to the ELOC ends on the earlier of (i) the date on which
the purchases under the ELOC equal the Maximum Commitment Amount, (ii) 24 months after the date of the ELOC (February 3, 2025), (iii)
written notice of termination by the Company, (iv) the date that the ELOC RRA is no longer effective after its initial effective date,
or (v) the date that the Company commences a voluntary case or any person or entity commences a proceeding against the Company pursuant
to or within the meaning of federal or state bankruptcy law, a custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all
of its property, or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors (the Commitment Period ). 

35 

During
the Commitment Period, the price that Feb 3 Investor will pay to purchase the shares of Common Stock that it is obligated to purchase
under the ELOC shall be 97 of the market price, which is defined as the lesser of (i) the lowest closing price of our
Common Stock during the 7 trading day-period following the clearance date associated with the applicable put notice from the Company
or (ii) the lowest closing bid price of the Common Stock on the principal trading market for the Common Stock (currently, the Nasdaq
Capital Market) on the trading day immediately preceding a put date. 

Execution
of Definitive Agreements to Acquire the Wisconsin Fertility Institute 

On
March 16, 2023, INVO, through Wood Violet Fertility LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Wood Violet and wholly
owned subsidiary of INVO Centers LLC, a Delaware company INVO CTR wholly-owned by INVO, entered into binding purchase
agreements to acquire Wisconsin Fertility Institute Wisconsin Fertility for a combined purchase price of 10 million. 

The
purchase price is payable in four installments of 2.5 million each (which payments may be offset by assumption of certain Wisconsin
Fertility liabilities, payable at closing and on each of the subsequent three anniversaries of closing. The sellers have the option to
take all or a portion of the final three installments in shares of INVO common stock valued at 6.25, 9.09, and 14.29, for the second,
third, and final installments, respectively. 

Wisconsin
Fertility is comprised of (a) a medical practice, Wisconsin Fertility and Reproductive Surgery Associates, S.C., a Wisconsin professional
service corporation d/b/a Wisconsin Fertility Institute WFRSA ), and (b) a laboratory services company, Fertility Labs
of Wisconsin, LLC, a Wisconsin limited liability company FLOW ). WFRSA owns, operates and manages the Clinic s fertility
practice that provides direct treatment to patients focused on fertility, gynecology and obstetrics care and surgical procedures, and
employs physicians and other healthcare providers to deliver such services and procedures. FLOW provides WFRSA with related laboratory
services. 

March
2023 Registered Direct Offering 

On
March 23, 2023, INVO entered into a securities purchase agreement (the March Purchase Agreement with a certain institutional
investor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to such investor (i) in a registered direct offering, 1,380,000 shares
(the March Shares of Common Stock, and pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase up to 2,300,000
shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, and (ii) in a concurrent private placement, common stock purchase warrants
(the March Warrants ), exercisable for an aggregate of up to 5,520,000 shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price of 0.63
per share. The securities to be issued in the registered direct offering (priced at the marked under Nasdaq rules) were offered pursuant
to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File 333-255096) (the Shelf Registration Statement ), initially
filed by the Company with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), on April 7, 2021 and
declared effective on April 16, 2021. The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable upon issuance and will remain exercisable until all of
the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. 

The
March Warrants (and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants) were not registered under the Securities
Act and were offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided in Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder. The March Warrants are immediately exercisable upon issuance, will expire
eight years from the date of issuance, and in certain circumstances may be exercised on a cashless basis. 

On
March 27, 2023, the Company closed the offering, raising gross proceeds of approximately 3 million before deducting placement agent
fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. In the event that all March Warrants are exercised for cash, the Company would
receive additional gross proceeds of approximately 3.5 million. Under the March Purchase Agreement, the Company may use a portion of
the net proceeds of the offering to (a) repay February Debentures, and (b) to pay the down payment for Wisconsin Fertility acquisition.
The remainder of the net proceeds will be used for working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes. 

36 

Under
the March Purchase Agreement, the Company is required within 30 days of the closing date of the offering to file a registration statement
on Form S-1 (the Resale Registration Statement registering the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise of the March Warrants. The Company is required to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration to become effective
within 75 days of the closing date of the offering (or 120 days if the registration statement is subject to a full review by the SEC),
and to keep such registration statement effective at all times until no March Warrants remain outstanding. 

In
addition, pursuant to certain lock-up agreements, our officers and directors have agreed, for a period of 180 days from
the date of the offering, not to engage in any of the following, whether directly or indirectly, without the consent of the March Purchase
Agreement investor: offer to sell, sell, contract to sell pledge, grant, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of our common stock or
any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock (the Lock-Up Securities enter into any
swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up
Securities; make any demand for or exercise any right or cause to be filed a registration statement, including any amendments thereto,
with respect to the registration of any Lock-Up Securities; enter into any transaction, swap, hedge, or other arrangement relating to
any Lock-Up Securities subject to customary exceptions; or publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing. 

Notices
from Nasdaq of Failure to Satisfy Continued Listing Rules. 

Notice
Regarding Non-Compliance with Minimum Stockholders Equity 

On
November 23, 2022, we received notice (the Stockholders Equity Notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq advising us that we were not in compliance with the minimum stockholders equity requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq
Capital Market. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) requires companies listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market to maintain stockholders 
equity of at least 2,500,000 (the Stockholders Equity Requirement). In our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended September 30, 2022, we reported stockholders equity of 1,287,224, which is below the Stockholders Equity Requirement
for continued listing. Additionally, as of the date of the Notice, we did not meet either of the alternative Nasdaq continued listing
standards under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, market value of listed securities of at least 35 million, or net income of 500,000 from continuing
operations in the most recently completed fiscal year, or in two of the three most recently completed fiscal years. 

The
Notice has no immediate effect on the listing of our common stock and our common stock continues to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbol INVO subject to our compliance with the other continued listing requirements. 

Pursuant
to the Notice, Nasdaq gave us 45 calendar days, or until January 7, 2023, to submit to Nasdaq a plan to regain compliance. If our plan
is accepted, Nasdaq may grant an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date of the Notice to evidence compliance. 

On
January 18, 2023, we received a letter from Nasdaq under which it stated that based on our submission that Nasdaq has determined to grant
us an extension of time to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b) until May 22, 2023. We must furnish to the SEC and Nasdaq
a publicly available report (e.g. a Form 8-K) which report, among other things, includes a description of the completed transaction or
event that enabled us to satisfy the stockholders equity requirement for continued listing After filing the publicly available
report described above, if we fail to evidence compliance upon filing its periodic report for the June 30, 2023, with the SEC and Nasdaq,
we may be subject to delisting. In the event we do not satisfy these terms, Nasdaq will provide written notification that its securities
will be delisted. At that time, we may appeal Nasdaq s determination to a Hearings Panel. 

Notice
Regarding Failure to Maintain Minimum Bid Price 

On
January 11, 2023, we received a letter from the staff (the Staff of Nasdaq listing qualifications group indicating that,
based upon the closing bid price of our common stock for the last 30 consecutive business days, we were not in compliance with the requirement
to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share for continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

37 

The
notice has no immediate effect on the listing of our common stock, and our common stock will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol INVO. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have been provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until July 10, 2023,
to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. If at any time before July 10, 2023, the closing bid price of our common
stock closes at or above 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide written notification that
we have achieved compliance with the minimum bid price requirement, and the matter would be resolved. If we do not regain compliance
prior to July 10, 2023, then Nasdaq may grant us a second 180 calendar day period to regain compliance, provided we (i) meets the continued
listing requirement for market value of publicly-held shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market, other
than the minimum closing bid price requirement, and (ii) notifies Nasdaq of its intent to cure the deficiency within such second 180
calendar day period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. 

We
will continue to monitor the closing bid price of our common stock and will consider implementing available options to regain compliance
with the minimum bid price requirement under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. If we do not regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement
within the allotted compliance periods, we will receive a written notification from Nasdaq that its securities are subject to delisting.
We would then be entitled to appeal that determination to a Nasdaq hearings panel. There can be no assurance that we will regain compliance
during either compliance period or maintain compliance with the other Nasdaq listing requirements. 

Results
of Operations 

Fiscal
year 2022 was an important year of advancement for the Company. Our initial three INVO Centers made steady progress in their first full
year of operations, we took significant steps in the development of additional INVO Centers, and we added an acquisition strategy targeting
existing, smaller IVF clinics in the U.S. to accelerate INVO s growth. We also continued the fine-tuning of our marketing approach
to build awareness for INVOcell and the IVC procedure, and to increase patient flow for our INVO Centers and IVF clinic partners alike. 

We
are especially excited by the recent signing of definitive documents for our first acquisition of an existing IVF clinic. We expect to
close the transaction in the second quarter of 2023 and, in doing so we would be adding a substantial operation in terms of revenue and
profit to our overall business. Looking ahead, we anticipate opening additional INVO Centers in key domestic, and select international,
markets, as well as pursuing additional acquisition candidates. We have selected an initial list or about 20 markets in the U.S. that
we believe are excellent potential locations for an INVO Center, and we believe the universe of suitable acquisition targets for INVO
exceeds 80 clinics in the U.S.. We also continue to work on the expansion of INVOcell distribution into existing fertility clinics. In
early 2022, we re-assumed control of the U.S. market distribution efforts with the termination of the Ferring Agreement and elected to
sell directly ourselves (rather than through a distributor) to the existing, established fertility clinics. Through these efforts we
have experienced both growing interest in our INVOcell solution and in the potential by these clinics of being acquired by INVO. 

From
a market strategy perspective, our commercialization efforts continue to focus on the substantial, underserved patient population
and on expanding access to advanced fertility treatments. We believe our solutions can help address the key challenges of
affordability and capacity to provide care to the vast number of patients that go untreated every year. This represents the major
opportunity for INVOcell and the IVC procedure it enables. The fertility industry has and continues to expand, even during the
global pandemic, and we believe our growing volume of partners (both distributors and JVs) and our acquisition strategy affords us a
strong forward-looking outlook. We believe our INVO Center approach adds much needed capacity and affordability, and we expect our
acquisition strategy to allow for ART cycle volume increases at existing clinics. These efforts align with our key mission to open
access to care to the underserved. 

The
ART market also continues to benefit from a number of industry tailwinds, including 1) the large under-served potential patient population,
2) increasing infertility rates around the world 3) growing awareness and education of fertility treatment options, 4) a growing acceptance
of fertility treatment, 5) improvements in procedure techniques and hence improvements in pregnancy success rates and 6) generally improving
insurance (private and public) reimbursement trends. 

38 

Comparison
of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues 

Revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 was 0.8 million and 4.2 million, respectively, representing a decrease of approximately 3.4 million, or 80 in the year
ended December 31, 2022. The decrease was due to the termination of our agreement with Ferring, which resulted in the full
recognition, in 2021, of the remaining 3.6 million in deferred revenue related to the Ferring agreement and was partially offset by
an increase in 2022 clinic revenue. Excluding Ferring, revenue was 0.6 million last year compared to 0.8 million this year. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross profit for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 was 0.5 million and 4.0 million, respectively. Gross margin was 60 and 97 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The decrease in gross margin was attributable to the change in revenue mix as we no longer have license revenue in 2022,
as well as increase in clinic revenue which has lower percentage margins, but much higher revenue on a per procedure basis and the potential
for higher margins on an absolute dollar basis. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 10.6 million and 9.0 million, respectively, of which 2.2 million and 2.7 million, respectively,
was for non-cash, stock-based compensation expense. The increase of approximately 1.6 million or 17 was primarily the result of approximately
 1.0 million in increased personnel expense, approximately 0.7 million in increased expenses related to the full-year operations of the
consolidated Georgia JV, approximately 0.4 million in increased marketing spend and was partially offset by an approximate 0.3 million
decrease in legal and startup costs related to new and potential INVO Centers and an approximate 0.6 million decrease in professional
fees. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

We
began to fund additional research and development R D efforts in 2020 as part of our 5-day label expansion efforts.
R D expenses were 0.5 million and 0.2 million, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of approximately
 0.3 million was primarily related to our FDA response efforts on the 5-day label expansion. 

39 

Loss
from equity investment 

Loss
from equity investments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 0.2 million and 0.3, respectively. The decrease in loss
is due to the Alabama JV and Mexico JV being in start-up mode and operational for only a portion of 2021. 

Other
Income 

Other
income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was nil and 0.2 million, respectively. The decrease of 0.2 million was the result
of our Paycheck Protection Program note and related interest being forgiven in 2021. 

Interest
Expense and Financing Fees 

Interest
expense and financing fees were for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0.1 million and 1.3 million, respectively. The
decrease of approximately 1.2 million, or approximately 96 , was primarily due to a decrease in non-cash amortization of discount,
debt issuance cost and interest on convertible notes . 

Income
Taxes 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had unused federal net operating loss carryforwards NOLs of 32.8 million. These losses expire
in various amounts at varying times beginning in 2027 with a portion carrying on indefinitely. Unless expiration occurs, these NOLs may
be used to offset future taxable income and thereby reduce our income taxes. 

We
recorded a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaling 9.3 million and 6.8 million,
respectively. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

For the years ending December 31, 2022, and 2021,
we had net losses of approximately 10.9 million and 6.7 million, respectively. The increase in net loss primarily was due to the increase
in operating loss resulting from the absence of license revenue in 2022 and an increase in operating expenses. Approximately 3.0 million
of the net loss was related to non-cash expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4.2 million for the year ended December
31, 2021. We had negative working capital of approximately 2.8 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to positive working capital
of approximately 5.1 million as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had negative stockholder s equity of approximately
 1.0 million compared to positive stockholder s equity of approximately 7.3 million as of December 31, 2021. Cash used in operations
for the year of 2022 was approximately 6.6 million, compared to approximately 6.0 million for the year of 2021. 

We have been dependent on raising capital through
debt and equity financings to secure the cash required to fund our operating expenses and investing activities. During 2021, we received
proceeds of approximately 3.7 million from the sale of common stock, we converted approximately 1.5 million of outstanding debt to equity
and received approximately 0.4 million of proceeds from unit purchase option and warrant exercises. During 2022, we received proceeds
of 0.8 million from demand notes and net proceeds of approximately 0.3 million for the sale of our common stock. Over the next 12 months,
our plan includes opening additional INVO Centers, completing the acquisition of Wisconsin Fertility Institute and pursuing additional
IVF clinic acquisitions. Until we can generate a sufficient amount of cash from operations, we will need to raise additional funding to
meet our liquidity needs and to execute our business strategy. As in the past, we will seek debt and/or equity financing, which may not
be available on reasonable terms, if at all. 

Although our audited consolidated financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2022 were prepared under the assumption that we would continue operations as a going concern, the report
of our independent registered public accounting firm that accompanies our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2022 contains a going concern qualification in which such firm expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern, based on the consolidated financial statements at that time. Specifically, as noted above, we have incurred significant operating
losses and we expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses as we continue to ramp up the development of new INVO
Centers and the commercialization of our INVOcell solution Prior losses and expected future losses have had, and will continue to have,
an adverse effect on our financial condition. If we cannot continue as a going concern, our stockholders would likely lose most or all
of their investment in us. 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the year ended December 31: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 
 (6,603,319 
 (6,029,914 
 
 Investing activities 
 (81,217 
 (2,153,512 
 
 Financing activities 
 1,089,800 
 3,770,537 

40 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 0.09 million in cash compared to approximately 5.7 million as of December 31, 2021. Net
cash used in operating activities in 2022, was approximately 6.6 million, compared to approximately 6.0 million for the same period
in 2021. The increase in net cash used in operations was primarily due to the increase in operating expenses. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in investing activities of approximately 0.1 million was primarily related to
investments in support of our INVO Center joint ventures. During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in investing activities
of approximately 2.2 million was primarily related to payments to acquire equipment for and to investments for the start-up and initial operation of our INVO
Center joint ventures. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by financing activities of approximately 1.1 million was related to proceeds from demand
notes and from the sale of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by financing activities of approximately
 3.8 million was primarily related to proceeds from the sale of common stock and the exercise of unit purchase options and warrants. 

Financing
Activities 

From
October through December 2022, we received 0.45 million through the issuance of demand notes from a related party, JAG Multi Investments
LLC JAG ). Our CFO is a beneficiary of JAG but does not have any control over JAG s investment decisions with respect
to INVO. If paid prior to January 31, 2023, the demand notes are interest free until December 31, 2022. For any amount that remains outstanding
past January 31, 2023, 10 annual interest would accrue from the date of issuance. At maturity, we agreed to pay outstanding principal,
a 10 financing fee and accrued interest, if any. The demand notes are callable with 10 days prior written notice, beginning on or after
March 31, 2023. 

In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2022, we received
 0.3 million through the issuance of demand promissory notes of which (1) 0.1 million was received from our Chief Executive Officer,
Steven Shum, (2) 0.1 million was received from an entity controlled by our Chief Financial Officer, Andrea Goren and (3) 0.1 million
was received from nonrelated parties. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition presented in this section is based upon our audited consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. During the preparation of
the financial statements, we are required to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue
and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate, based on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, our results, which allows us to form a basis
for making judgments on the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
may differ from these estimates based on variance with our assumptions and conditions. A summary of significant accounting policies is
included below. Management believes that the application of these policies on a consistent basis enables us to provide useful and reliable
financial information about our operating results and financial condition. 

See
Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a summary of significant
accounting policies and the effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

Stock
Based Compensation 

We
account for stock-based compensation under the provisions of ASC 718 -10 Share-Based Payment. This statement requires us to measure
the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award.
That cost is recognized over the period in which the employee is required to provide service or performance goals in exchange for the
award, which is usually immediate but sometimes over a vesting period. Warrants granted to non-employees are recorded as an expense over
the requisite service period based on the grant date and the estimated fair value of the grant, which is determined using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue on arrangements in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The core principle of ASC 606 is
to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which
an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services ASC 606 requires companies to assess their contracts to determine the timing
and amount of revenue to recognize under the new revenue standard. The model has a five-step approach: 

1. 
 Identify
 the contract with the customer. 

2. 
 Identify
 the performance obligations in the contract. 

3. 
 Determine
 the total transaction price. 

4. 
 Allocate
 the total transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract. 

5. 
 Recognize
 as revenue when (or as) each performance obligation is satisfied. 

Variable
Interest Entities 

Our
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of INVO Bioscience, Inc., its wholly owned subsidiaries, and variable interest
entities VIE ), where we are the primary beneficiary under the provisions of ASC 810, Consolidation ASC 810 ).
A VIE must be consolidated by its primary beneficiary when, along with its affiliates and agents, the primary beneficiary has both: (i)
the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb
losses or the right to receive the benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. We reconsider whether an entity
is still a VIE only upon certain triggering events and continually assesses its consolidated VIEs to determine if it continues to be
the primary beneficiary. 

Equity
Method Investments 

Investments
in unconsolidated affiliates in which we exert significant influence but do not control or otherwise consolidate are accounted for using
the equity method. Equity method investments are initially recorded at cost. These investments are included in investment in joint ventures
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Our share of the profits and losses from these investments is reported in loss from
equity method investment in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Management monitors its investments for other-than-temporary
impairment by considering factors such as current economic and market conditions and the operating performance of the investees and records
reductions in carrying values when necessary. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

None. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risks 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

We
will be exposed to risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our foreign joint ventures. Our principal exchange
rate exposure relates to the Mexican Peso. 

41 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2022 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-6 

42 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of INVO Bioscience, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of INVO Bioscience, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered net losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency, which raises substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are discussed in Note 2. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Investments/Variable
Interest Entities 

As
discussed in Note 1 3 to the financial statements, the Company has material investments in consolidated and unconsolidated entities.
The Company evaluated the need to consolidate as a VIE or equity investment under the provisions of ASC 810 and ASC 323, respectively. 

Auditing
management s evaluation of the need to consolidate the entities associated with the investments involves significant judgment,
given the fact that the agreements require management s evaluation ownership percentages, influence, control and whether or not
the Company is the primary beneficiary. 

To
evaluate the appropriateness and accuracy of the assessment by management, we evaluated management s assessment in relationship
to their application of the guidance outlined in ASC 810 and ASC 323. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

April 17, 2023 

F- 1 

INVO
BIOSCIENCE, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 
 - 

Lease right of use 

Investment in joint ventures 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued compensation 

Notes payable, net 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable - related party, net 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred revenue 

Lease liability, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liability, net of current portion 

Deferred tax liability 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity (deficit) 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

INVO
BIOSCIENCE, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years 

Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Product revenue 

Clinic revenue 

License revenue 
 - 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue: 

Cost of revenue 

Depreciation 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Research and development expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Loss from equity method joint ventures 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Foreign currency exchange loss 

Total other expenses 

Net loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net loss 

Net loss per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

INVO
BIOSCIENCE, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balances,
 December 31, 2020 

Common
 stock issued to directors and employees 

- 

Common
 stock issued for services 

- 

Conversion
 of notes payable and accrued interest 

- 

Proceeds
 from the sale of common stock, net of offering costs 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from warrant exercise 

- 

Proceeds
 from unit purchase option exercise 

- 

Cashless
 warrant exercise 

- 
 - 
 
 Cashless
 unit purchase option exercise 

- 
 - 
 
 Stock
 options issued to directors and employees as compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances,
 December 31, 2021 

Balances,
 value 

)) 
 
 Common
 stock issued to directors and employees 

- 

Common
 stock issued for services 

- 

Proceeds
 from the sale of common stock, net of fees and expenses 

- 

Stock
 options issued to directors and employees as compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Warrants
 issued with notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 0,000 
 
 Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances,
 December 31, 2022 

Balances,
 value 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

INVO
BIOSCIENCE, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years 

Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Non-cash stock compensation issued for services 

Non-cash stock compensation issued to directors and employees 

Fair value of stock options issued to employees 

Non-cash compensation for services 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of discount on notes payable 

Amortization of leasehold right of use asset 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Loss on impairment of intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Loss from equity method investment 

Depreciation and amortization 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation 

Deferred revenue 

Leasehold liability 

Accrued interest 

Income taxes payable 
 - 

Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash from investing activities: 

Payments to acquire property, plant, and equipment 

Payments to acquire intangible assets 

Investment in joint ventures 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash from financing activities: 

Proceeds from notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from notes payable related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from the sale of common stock, net of offering costs 

Proceeds from warrant exercise 
 - 

Proceeds from unit purchase option exercise 
 - 

Principal payment on notes payable 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 
 - 

Taxes 

Noncash activities: 

Fair value of warrants issued with debt 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued upon note payable and accrued interest conversion 
 - 

Cashless exercise of warrants 
 - 

Cashless exercise of unit purchase options 
 - 

Initial ROU asset and lease liability 
 - 

Fixed assets transferred to investment in joint venture 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

INVO
BIOSCIENCE, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

segment and therefore segment information is not presented. 

to years. The Company capitalizes the expenditures for major renewals and improvements
that extend the useful lives of property and equipment. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.
The Company reviews the carrying value of long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured by a comparison
of its carrying amount to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If such assets are considered
impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the property, if any, exceeds its
fair market value. 

recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022, and no impairment in the year ended December 31,
2021. 

Revenue
generated from the sale of INVOcell is typically recognized at the time the product is shipped, at which time the title passes to the
customer, and there are no further performance obligations. 

Revenue
generated from clinical and lab services related at the Company s affiliated INVO Centers is typically recognized at the time the
service is performed. 

On
November 12, 2018, the Company entered into a U.S. Distribution Agreement (the Ferring Agreement with Ferring International
Center S.A. Ferring ), pursuant to which it granted Ferring an exclusive license in the United States market only, with
rights to sublicense under patents related to our proprietary intravaginal culture device (INVOcell), together with the retention device
and any other applicable accessories (collectively, the Licensed Product to market, promote, distribute and sell the Licensed
Product with respect to all therapeutic, prophylactic and diagnostic uses of medical devices or pharmaceutical products involving reproductive
technology (including fertility treatment) in humans. 

On
November 2, 2021, Ferring notified the Company of its intention to terminate the Ferring Agreement, which requires 90-days prior written
notice. Accordingly, the Ferring Agreement officially terminated on January 31, 2022. 

The
Ferring license was deemed to be a functional license that provides a customer with a right to access to the Company s
intellectual property during the subscription period and accordingly, under ASC 606-10-55-60 revenue is recognized over a period of time,
which is generally the subscription period. The initial upfront payment of which was received upon the signing of the agreement
was being recognized as income over the -year term. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had no deferred revenue related to the Ferring Agreement as it was recognized in the fourth quarter
of fiscal year 2021 in relation to the contract termination. Per ASC 606-10-55-48 the likelihood of Ferring exercising its rights became
remote at the time notice of termination was received so INVO recognized the full remaining amount of the deferred revenue. 

Basic and diluted weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (denominator) 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share 

Unit purchase options and warrants 

Total 

million and million, respectively, and
has an accumulated deficit of approximately million as of December 31, 2022. Approximately million of the net loss was related
to non-cash expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to million for the year ended December 31, 2021 

The
Company has been dependent on raising capital through debt and equity financings to meet its needs for cash used in operating and investing
activities. During 2021, the Company received proceeds of approximately 
 million from the sale of stock, converted approximately
 
 million of outstanding debt to equity and received approximately
 
 million of proceeds from unit purchase option and warrant exercises.
During 2022, the Company received proceeds of 
 million from demand notes and net proceeds of
approximately 
 million for the sale of its common stock. Over the next 12
months, the Company s plan includes opening additional INVO Centers, completing the acquisition of Wisconsin Fertility Institute
and pursuing additional IVF clinic acquisitions. Until the Company can generate a sufficient amount of cash from operations, it will
need to raise additional funding to meet its liquidity needs and to execute its business strategy. As in the past, the Company will seek
debt and/or equity financing, which may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. 

Although the Company s audited consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 were prepared under the assumption that it would continue operations as a going
concern, the report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm that accompanies the Company s consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 contains a going concern qualification in which such firm expressed substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, based on the consolidated financial statements at that time. Specifically,
as noted above, the Company has incurred significant operating losses and the Company expects to continue to incur significant expenses
and operating losses as it continues to ramp up the commercialization of INVOcell and develop new INVO Centers. These prior losses and
expected future losses have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on the Company s financial condition. If the Company
cannot continue as a going concern, its stockholders would likely lose most or all of their investment in the Company. 

within the 24-month period following execution of the Bloom Agreement
to support the start-up operations of the Georgia JV, the Georgia JV issued of its units to INVO CTR and in consideration for Bloom s
commitment to contribute physician services having an anticipated value of up to over the course of a 24-month vesting period,
the Georgia JV issued of its units to Bloom. 

The
responsibilities of Bloom include providing all medical services required for the operation of the Atlanta Clinic. The responsibilities
of INVO CTR include providing certain funding to the Georgia JV, lab services quality management, and providing access to and being the
exclusive provider of the INVOcell to the Georgia JV. INVO CTR will also perform all required, industry specific compliance and accreditation
functions, and product documentation for product registration. 

The
Bloom Agreement provides Bloom with a profits interest in the Georgia JV and, in connection with such profits interest,
states that profits and losses be allocated to its members based on a hypothetical liquidation of the Georgia JV. In such a scenario,
liquidation proceeds would be distributed in the following order: (a) to INVO CTR until the difference between its capital contributions
and distributions (the Hurdle Amount equals 0; (b) to Bloom until its distributions equal of the liquidation amounts
distributed to INVO CTR (a catch-up to rebalance the distributions between members); and (c) thereafter on a pro rata basis.
The Georgia JV had no assets or liabilities at the time the units were issued, and, as of December 31, 2022, INVO CTR had made capital
contributions greater than the net loss of the Georgia JV. As such, the entire net loss was allocated to INVO CTR, and no loss was allocated
to the noncontrolling interest of Bloom. 

The
Georgia JV opened to patients on September 7, 2021. 

The
Company determined the Georgia JV is a VIE, and that the Company is its primary beneficiary because the Company has an obligation to
absorb losses that are potentially significant and the Company controls the majority of the activities that impact the Georgia JV s
economic performance, specifically control of the INVOcell and lab services quality management. As a result, the Company consolidated
the Georgia JV s results with its own. As of December 31, 2022, the Company invested million in the Georgia JV in the form
of capital contributions as well as million in the form of a note. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Georgia JV
recorded net losses of million and million, respectively. Noncontrolling interest in the Georgia JV was . 

Unconsolidated
VIEs 

HRCFG
INVO, LLC 

On
March 10, 2021, INVO CTR entered into a limited liability company agreement with HRCFG, LLC HRCFG to form a joint venture
for the purpose of establishing an INVO Center in Birmingham, Alabama. The name of the joint venture entity is HRCFG INVO, LLC (the Alabama
JV ). The Company also provides certain funding to the Alabama JV. Each party owns of the Alabama JV. 

The
Alabama JV opened to patients on August 9, 2021. 

The
Company determined the Alabama JV is a VIE, and that there is no primary beneficiary. As a result, the Company will use the equity method
to account for its interest in the Alabama JV. As of December 31, 2022, the Company invested million in the Alabama JV in the form
of a note. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Alabama JV recorded net losses of million and million, respectively,
of which the Company recognized losses from equity method investments of million and million, respectively. 

Positib
Fertility, S.A. de C.V. 

On
September 24, 2020, INVO CTR entered into a Pre-Incorporation and Shareholders Agreement with Francisco Arredondo, MD PLLC Arredondo and Security Health LLC, a Texas limited liability company Ramirez , and together with INVO CTR and Arredondo, the Shareholders under which the Shareholders will commercialize the IVC procedure and offer related medical treatments in Mexico. Each party owns one-third
of the Mexican incorporated company, Positib Fertility, S.A. de C.V. (the Mexico JV ). 

The
Mexico JV opened to patients on November 1, 2021. 

The
Company determined the Mexico JV is a VIE, and that there is no primary beneficiary. As a result, the Company will use the equity method
to account for its interest in the Mexico JV. As of December 31, 2022, the Company invested million in the Mexico JV. For the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Mexico JV recorded net losses of million and million, respectively, of which the Company
recognized a loss from equity method investments of million and million, respectively. 

Positib Fertility, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 

Total investment in unconsolidated VIEs 

Positib Fertility, S.A. de C.V. 

Total earnings from unconsolidated VIEs 

Operating expenses 

Net loss 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Balance sheets: 

Current assets 

Long-term assets 

Current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Net assets 

Unconsolidated VIEs 

INVOcell revenue 

Notes
 payable 

Unconsolidated
 VIEs 

Accounts
 receivable 

Finished
 goods 

Total
 inventory 

to years 
 
 Medical
 equipment 

years 
 
 Office
 equipment 

to years 

Medical equipment 

Office equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total equipment, net 

During
each of the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded depreciation expense of and , respectively. 

Patents 
 - 

Accumulated amortization 
 - 

Total patent costs, net 
 - 

The
Company capitalizes the initial expense related to establishing patents by country and then amortizes the expense over the life of the
patent, typically 20 years. It then expenses annual filing fees to maintain the patents. The Company regularly reviews the value of its
patents in the marketplace in proportion to the expense it must spend to maintain the patent. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded amortization expenses related to patents of and , respectively. 

The
trademarks have an indefinite life and therefore are not amortized. Trademarks are periodically reviewed for impairment whenever circumstances
and situations change such that there is an indication that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. 

As
of December 31, 2022 the Company recorded an impairment loss of 132,227 related to trademarks and patents. 

Total ROU assets 

Liabilities 

Current operating lease liability 
 Current liabilities 

Long-term operating lease liability 
 Other liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and beyond 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Total operating lease liabilities 

financing fee. annual interest starting January 31, 2023. Notes are callable starting March 31, 2023 
 
 - 
 
 Demand notes. annual interest. 
 
 - 
 
 Less debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 Total, net of discount 
 
 - 

Paycheck
Protection Program 

On
July 1, 2020, the Company received a loan in the principal amount of pursuant to the U.S. Small Business Administration s
Paycheck Protection Program. On June 16, 2021, the principal of the loan as well as of accrued interest was forgiven
and the note was extinguished. The Company recognized a gain of on extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31,
2021. 

Related
Party Demand Notes 

In
the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company received through
the issuance of five demand notes (the JAG Notes from a related party, JAG Multi Investments LLC JAG ).
The Company s CFO is a beneficiary of JAG but does not have any control over JAG s investment decisions with respect to
the Company. If paid prior to December 31, 2022 for the initial 3 notes and January 31, 2023 for the last two months, , if any. The financing fees were recorded as a debt discount and as of December 31, 2022 the Company had amortized 
of the discount. 

In
consideration for subscribing to the JAG Note for 
dated December 29, 2022, and for agreeing to extend the date on which the other JAG Notes are callable to March 31, 2023, the
Company issued JAG a warrant to purchase 
shares of Company common stock. The warrant may be exercised for a period of five years from issuance at a price of 
per share. The financing fees and the fair value of the warrants issued were capped at the total proceeds. The relative fair
value of the warrants were recorded as a debt discount and as of December 31, 2022 the Company had amortized of the discount. 

In
the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company received 
through the issuance of demand promissory notes of which (1) 
was received from our chief executive officer, Steven Shum 
on November 29, 2022, 
on December 2, 2022, and 
on December 13, 2022) and (2) 
was received from an entity controlled by our chief financial officer, Andrea Goren 
on November 29, 2022 and 
on December 13, 2022). If paid prior to January 31, 2023, , if any. 

 The financing fees were recorded as a debt discount
and as of December 31, 2022 the Company had amortized of the discount. 

Demand Notes 

In the fourth quarter of
2022, the Company received through the issuance of two demand notes. On January 4 th , 2023 these notes were reissued
as convertible notes with a fixed conversion prices of and (ii) 5-year warrants to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of (subject to adjustments). 

Interest on the notes accrues
at a rate of ten percent per annum and is payable at the holder s option either in cash or in shares of the Company s
common stock at the conversion price set forth in the notes on , unless converted earlier. 

All amounts due under the
notes are convertible at any time after the issuance date, in whole or in part (subject to rounding for fractional shares), at the option
of the holders into the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price for the notes as described above. 

. Trent Davis, one of the Company s directors, is President of Paulson
Investment Company. Mr. Davis did not receive any compensation related to the fees and commissions received by Paulson. Steve Shum and
Andrea Goren, the CEO and CFO of the Company, respectively, each purchased shares in the registered direct offering for gross
proceeds of . 

In
the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company received 
through the issuance of demand notes from related parties, as follows: (a) from JAG; (b) from our chief executive officer, Steve Shum; and (c) from our chief financial officer, Andrea
Goren. The Company s CFO is a beneficiary of JAG but does not have any control over JAG s investment
decisions with respect to the Company. See Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information. 

As of December 31, 2022 the Company owed accounts
payable to related parties totaling , primarily related to unpaid employee expense reimbursements and unpaid board fees. 

, with discretion
for the exact ratio to be approved by the Company s board of directors. On February 19, 2020, the Company s board of directors
approved a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock at a ratio of . On May 21, 2020, the Company filed a certificate
of change (with an effective date of May 26, 2020) with the Nevada Secretary of State pursuant to Nevada Revised Statutes 78.209 to effectuate
a reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock. The reverse split took effect at the open of business on May 26, 2020. 

On
October 22, 2020, the Company s board of directors approved a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock at a ratio
of and also approved a proportionate decrease in the Company s authorized common stock to shares from .
On November 5, 2020, the Company filed a certificate of change (with an effective date of November 9, 2020) with the Nevada Secretary
of State pursuant to Nevada Revised Statutes 78.209 to effectuate a reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock. As a
result of the reverse stock split, shares were issued in lieu of fractional shares. On November 6, 2020, the Company received notice
from FINRA/OTC Corporate Actions that the reverse split would take effect at the open of business on November 9, 2020, and the reverse
stock split took effect on that date. 

The
consolidated financial statements presented reflect the reverse splits. 

Public
offerings 

On
October 1, 2021, the Company and certain institutional and accredited investors and members of the Company s management team (the
 Investors entered into a securities purchase agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Investors
 shares of its common stock, in a registered direct offering (the Direct Offering for aggregate gross proceeds
of . The purchase price for each share in the Direct Offering was . The net proceeds to the Company from the Direct Offering,
after deducting placement agent fees and the Company s estimated offering expenses, were approximately million. Paulson Investment
Company served as a placement agent for the Direct Offering and received a fee for its role in the amount of , as well as warrants
to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 

During
2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to directors and shares of common stock to consultants with a fair value
of and , respectively. The shares were issued under the Company s 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ). 

During
2022, the Company granted restricted stock units to employees that vest at six months from grant date and at twelve months
from grant date. The shares were granted under the 2019 Plan. During 2022, the Company had issued vested shares and recognized
stock-based compensation expense of associated with the equity grants. 

During
2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock to consultants in consideration of services rendered with a fair value of
 . These shares were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. The Company did not receive any cash proceeds from this issuance. 

In
January 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock for net proceeds of . 

shares. In January 2022, the number of available shares increased by shares and on October 12, 2022 shareholders approved an amendment
to the plan to add an additional shares bringing the total shares available under the 2019 Plan to . 

Options
granted under the 2019 Plan generally have a life of to years and exercise prices equal to or greater than the fair market value
of the common stock as determined by the Company s board of directors. Vesting for employees typically occurs over a three -year
period. 

Granted 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Canceled 

- 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

- 

to 

to 

Expected
 life of option-years 

to 

to 

Expected
 stock price volatility 

to 

to 

Expected
 dividend yield 

- 

- 

The
risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury interest rates, the terms of which are consistent with the expected life of the stock
options. Expected volatility is based upon the average historical volatility of the Company s common stock over the period commensurate
with the expected term of the related instrument. The expected life and estimated post-employment termination behavior is based upon
historical experience of homogeneous groups, executives and non-executives, within the Company. The Company does not currently pay dividends
on its common stock, nor does it expect to do so in the foreseeable future. 

Year
 ended December 31, 2022 

- 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the weighted average grant date fair value of options granted was per share. The Company estimates
the fair value of options at the grant date using the Black-Scholes model. For all stock options granted through December 31, 2022, the
weighted average remaining service period is years. 

Restricted
Stock and Restricted Stock Units 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted in restricted stock units to certain employees, directors, and consultants
under the 2019 Plan. Restricted stock issued to employees, directors, and consultants generally vest either at grant or vest over a period
of from the date of grant. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeitures 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Canceled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

- 

Granted 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Canceled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

- 

Total federal income taxes 

State income taxes: 

Current 

Deferred 

Total state income taxes 

Total income taxes 

() 

State
 Tax Expense, net 

- 

- 

Permanent
 Items 

- 

- 

Hanging Credit 

- 

- 

- 

True-Ups 

() 

- 

Change
 in Federal Valuation Allowance 

- 

- 

Total
 Expense 

- 

- 

Lease (ASC 842) 

Charitable Contributions 

Stock Option Expense 

Restricted Stock Unit 

Net Operating Losses 

Org Costs 

-IRC Sec. 174 Expense 
 
 - 
 
 Investment in HRCFG INVO,
 LLC 

Equity
 in earnings - Positib 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Fixed Assets 

ROU Lease (ASC 842) 

Trademark Amortization 

Deferred Revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Tax Amortization of Org Cost 
 
 - 
 
 Gain/Loss on sale of assets 
 
 - 
 
 Gross deferred tax liability 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax liability 

The
Company recorded a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax asset at December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaling million and 
million, respectively. A naked credit resulting from indefinite lived intangibles was valued at December 31, 2022, and 2021 totaling
 ) and ), respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million. Of that amount, million
will expire, if not utilized, in various years beginning in 2028 and which are also subject to the limitations of IRC 382. The
remaining carryforward amount of million, has no expiration period and can be applied to 80 of taxable income per year in future
periods. State net operating loss carryforwards total million. Of that amount, million will begin to expire in 2033 and are
subject to the limitations of IRC 382. The remaining million of state net operating loss carryforwards are similar to the
federal net operating loss in that it has no expiration period and can be applied to 100 of state taxable income per year. 

(the
 Convertible Notes with a fixed conversion prices of (for the of January 2023 Notes) and (for the
 of March 2023 Notes) and (ii) -year warrants (the Note Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of (subject to adjustments) (the Note and Warrant Private Placement ). The proceeds
were used for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

Interest
on the Convertible Notes accrues at a rate of ten percent per annum and is payable at the holder s option either in cash
or in shares of the Company s common stock at the conversion price set forth in the Convertible Notes on December 31, 2023, unless
converted earlier. 

All
amounts due under the Convertible Notes are convertible at any time after the issuance date, in whole or in part (subject to rounding
for fractional shares), at the option of the holders into the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price for the Notes
as described above. 

Upon
any issuance by the Company of any of its equity securities in an underwritten offering, including Common Stock, for cash consideration,
indebtedness or a combination thereof after the date hereof (a Subsequent Equity Financing ), each holder shall have the
option to convert the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest of its Convertible Note into the number of fully paid and
non-assessable shares of securities issued in the Subsequent Equity Financing equal to the product of unpaid principal, together with
the balance of unpaid and accrued interest and other amounts payable hereunder, divided by the price per share paid by the investors
in the Subsequent Equity Financing multiplied by 80 , provided however, that any conversion shall only be allowed if the Subsequent Equity
Financing conversion price is equal to or greater than the Minimum Price (as defined in the Convertible Notes) including an appropriate
allocation any warrants offered. 

A
Convertible Note may not be converted and shares of common stock may not be issued under the Convertible Notes if, after giving effect
to the conversion or issuance, the holder together with its affiliates would beneficially own in excess of of the Company s
outstanding ordinary shares. 

The
Company may prepay the Convertible Notes at any time in whole or in part by paying a s sum of money equal to 100 of the principal amount
to be redeemed, together with accrued and unpaid interest. 

The
Company entered into a registration rights agreement with the holders of and of even date with the Convertible Notes (the Note
RRA ). Pursuant to the terms of Note RRA, if the Company determines to register any of its securities, either for its own account
or the account of a security holder or holders, other than (i) a registration relating solely to employee benefit plans on Form S-8 (or
any successor form) or (ii) a registration relating solely to a Commission Rule 145 transaction on Form S-4 (or any successor form),
the Company will include in such registration, and in any underwriting involved therein, the shares underlying the Convertible Notes
and Note Warrants delivered pursuant to the Note and Warrant Purchase Agreements, subject to, in the case of an underwritten registration,
the discretion of the managing underwriter to reduce any or all piggyback registration shares if in its good faith judgment such inclusion
would affect the successful marketing of the underwritten offering. 

February
2023 Convertible Debentures 

On
February 3, and February 17, 2023, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements (the February Purchase Agreements with accredited investors (the February Investors for the purchase of (i) convertible debentures of the Company in the
aggregate original principal amount of (the February Debentures for a purchase price of , (ii) warrants
(the February Warrant to purchase shares (the February Warrant Shares of the Company s common
stock par value per share Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, and (iii) shares of Common
Stock (the February Commitment Shares issued as an inducement for issuing the Debentures. The proceeds, net of placement
agent and legal fees, are being used for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

Pursuant
to the February Debentures, interest on the February Debentures accrues at a rate of eight percent per annum and is payable at maturity,
one year from the date of the February Debentures. 

All
amounts due under the February Debentures are convertible at any time after the issuance date, in whole or in part, at the option of
the February Investors into Common Stock at an initial price of per share. This conversion price is subject to adjustment for stock
splits, combinations or similar events and anti-dilution provisions, among other adjustments and is subject to a floor price. 

The
Company may prepay the February Debentures at any time in whole or in part by paying a sum of money equal to 105 of the principal amount
to be redeemed, together with accrued and unpaid interest. 

While
any portion of each February Debenture remains outstanding, if the Company receives cash proceeds of more than (the Minimum
Threshold in the aggregate from any source or series of related or unrelated sources, the February Investors shall have the right
in their sole discretion to require the Company to immediately apply up to 50 of all proceeds received by the Company above the Minimum
Threshold to repay the outstanding amounts owed under the February Debentures. 

The
Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the February RRA with the February Investor that signed its purchase
agreement on February 3, 2023 (the Feb 3 Investor ). Pursuant to the terms of February RRA, the Company has agreed to file
with the SEC an initial registration statement on Form S-3 (or Form S-1 if S-3 is not available) covering the resale of all of the securities
acquired by the Feb 3 Investor under its February Purchase Agreement. The filing of such initial registration statement is to occur within
90 days of February 3, 2023. 

On
March 31, 2023, having received notice from the February Investor that signed its purchase agreement on February 17, 2023 (the Feb
17 Investor requesting repayment of its February Debenture, the Company paid the Feb 17 Investor , including interest
and the prepayment premium. After such payment, the principal due the Feb 17 Investor under its debenture was reduced from to
 . 

On
April 3, 2023, having received notice from the Feb 3 requesting repayment of its February Debenture, the Company paid the Feb 3 Investor
 , including interest and the prepayment premium. After such payment, the principal due the Feb 3 Investor under its debenture
was reduced from to . 

February
2023 Equity Purchase Agreement 

On
February 3, 2023, the Company entered into an equity purchase agreement (the ELOC and registration rights agreement (the
 ELOC RRA with the Feb 3 Investor pursuant to which the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Feb
3 Investor to purchase up to million (the Maximum Commitment Amount of shares of Common Stock, in multiple tranches.
Further, under the ELOC and subject to the Maximum Commitment Amount, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to submit notices
to the Feb 3 Investor to purchase shares of Common Stock 

Also on February 3, 2023, the Company issued to the
Feb 3 Investor 150,000 shares of Common Stock for its commitment to enter into the ELOC. 

The
obligation of the Feb 3 Investor to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to the ELOC ends on the earlier of (i) the date on which
the purchases under the ELOC equal the Maximum Commitment Amount, (ii) 24 months after the date of the ELOC (February 3, 2025), (iii)
written notice of termination by the Company, (iv) the date that the ELOC RRA is no longer effective after its initial effective date,
or (v) the date that the Company commences a voluntary case or any person or entity commences a proceeding against the Company pursuant
to or within the meaning of federal or state bankruptcy law, a custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all
of its property, or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors (the Commitment Period ). 

During
the Commitment Period, the price that Feb 3 Investor will pay to purchase the shares of Common Stock that it is obligated to purchase
under the ELOC shall be 97 of the market price, which is defined as the lesser of (i) the lowest closing price of our
Common Stock during the 7 trading day-period following the clearance date associated with the applicable put notice from the Company
or (ii) the lowest closing bid price of the Common Stock on the principal trading market for the Common Stock (currently, the Nasdaq
Capital Market) on the trading day immediately preceding a put date. 

Wisconsin
Fertility Institute Acquisition 

On
March 16, 2023, INVO, through Wood Violet Fertility LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company Wood Violet and wholly owned subsidiary of INVO Centers LLC, a Delaware company wholly-owned by INVO, entered
into binding purchase agreements to acquire Wisconsin Fertility Institute Wisconsin Fertility for a combined purchase price of
 million. 

million each (which payments may be offset by assumption of certain Wisconsin Fertility liabilities,
payable at closing and on each of the subsequent three anniversaries of closing. The sellers have the option to take all or a portion
of the final three installments in shares of INVO common stock valued at , , and , for the second, third, and final installments,
respectively. 

Wisconsin
Fertility is comprised of (a) a medical practice, Wisconsin Fertility and Reproductive Surgery Associates, S.C., a Wisconsin
professional service corporation d/b/a Wisconsin Fertility Institute WFRSA ), and (b) a laboratory services company,
Fertility Labs of Wisconsin, LLC, a Wisconsin limited liability company FLOW ). WFRSA owns, operates and manages the
Clinic s fertility practice that provides direct treatment to patients focused on fertility, gynecology and obstetrics care
and surgical procedures, and employs physicians and other healthcare providers to deliver such services and procedures. FLOW
provides WFRSA with related laboratory services. 

March
2023 Registered Direct Offering 

On
March 23, 2023, INVO entered into a securities purchase agreement (the March Purchase Agreement with a certain institutional
investor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to such investor (i) in a registered direct offering, shares
(the March Shares of Common Stock, and pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase up to 
shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price of per share, and (ii) in a concurrent private placement, common stock purchase warrants
(the March Warrants ), exercisable for an aggregate of up to shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price of 
per share. The securities to be issued in the registered direct offering (priced at the marked under Nasdaq rules) were offered pursuant
to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File 333-255096) (the Shelf Registration Statement ), initially
filed by the Company with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), on April 7, 2021 and
declared effective on April 16, 2021. The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable upon issuance and will remain exercisable until all of
the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. 

The
March Warrants (and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants) were not registered under the Securities
Act and were offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided in Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder. The March Warrants are immediately exercisable upon issuance, will expire
eight years from the date of issuance, and in certain circumstances may be exercised on a cashless basis. 

On
March 27, 2023, the Company closed the offering, raising gross proceeds of approximately million before deducting placement agent
fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. In the event that all March Warrants are exercised for cash, the Company would
receive additional gross proceeds of approximately million. Under the March Purchase Agreement, the Company may use a portion of
the net proceeds of the offering to (a) repay February Debentures, and (b) to pay the down payment for Wisconsin Fertility acquisition.
The remainder of the net proceeds will be used for working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes. 

Under
the March Purchase Agreement, the Company is required within 30 days of the closing date of the offering to file a registration statement
on Form S-1 (the Resale Registration Statement registering the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise of the March Warrants. The Company is required to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration to become effective
within 75 days of the closing date of the offering (or 120 days if the registration statement is subject to a full-review by the SEC),
and to keep such registration statement effective at all times until no March Warrants remain outstanding. 

In
addition, pursuant to certain lock-up agreements, our officers and directors have agreed, for a period of 180 days from
the date of the offering, not to engage in any of the following, whether directly or indirectly, without the consent of the March Purchase
Agreement investor: offer to sell, sell, contract to sell pledge, grant, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of our common stock or
any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock (the Lock-Up Securities enter into any
swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up
Securities; make any demand for or exercise any right or cause to be filed a registration statement, including any amendments thereto,
with respect to the registration of any Lock-Up Securities; enter into any transaction, swap, hedge, or other arrangement relating to
any Lock-Up Securities subject to customary exceptions; or publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing. 

Stock Incentive Plan Issuances 

During the first quarter of 2023, the Company issued
 , shares of common stock to employes and consultants under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan. 

F- 23 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, that are designed to be
effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our
management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of
the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of the end of the period covered by this report. These disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of the Company. Our management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (1992 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the evaluation of
our internal control over financial reporting, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial
reporting was effective. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the SEC. 

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures
or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must
reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include, but are not limited to, the
realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally,
controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of
the control. 

The
design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and there can be
no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because
of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

43 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

Part
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
information required by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

Item
11. Executive and Director Compensation 

The
information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this Item 12 is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

The
information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

44 

Part
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)
Financial Statements 

The
following are filed as a part of this report: 

1.
Financial Statements 

Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 2738) 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2022 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-6 

2.
Financial Statement Schedules 

Information
required by Schedule II is shown in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. All other schedules for which provision is made in
the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are
inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted. 

(b)
Exhibits 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 5, 2009. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Change. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2020. 
 
 3.3 
 
 By-Laws of INVO Bioscience. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13, 2007. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated July 2009. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 17, 2009. 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement, dated July 2009. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 17, 2009. 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note, dated January 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 16, 2019. 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Convertible Note Purchase Agreement, dated January 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 16, 2019. 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Secured Convertible Note, dated May 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2020. 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form of Unit Purchase Option, dated May 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2020. 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated May 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2020. 
 
 4.9 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report dated October 1, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

45 

4.10 
 
 Demand Promissory Note between the registrant and JAG Multi Investments LLC, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 4.11 
 
 Form of Warrant, filed as Exhibit 4.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 5, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 4.12 
 
 Form of Debenture, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 4.13 
 
 Form of Warrant, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 4.14 
 
 Form of Debenture, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 4.15 
 
 Form of Warrant, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 4.17 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 4.18 
 
 Form of Warrant, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 4.20 
 
 Form of Pre-funded Warrant, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 4.21 
 
 Form of Private Placement Warrant, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 4.22 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.1 
 
 Short Term Note, dated March 5, 2009 between the registrant and Kathleen Karloff. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2009. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Short Term Note, dated May 19, 2019 between the registrant and Kathleen Karloff. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2009. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Promissory Note, dated August 9, 2016, between the registrant and Kavanaugh Rosenthal Peisch Ford, LLP. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2019. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Distribution Agreement, dated November 12, 2018, between the Registrant and Ferring International Center S.A,. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2019. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Supply Agreement, dated November 12, 2018, between the registrant and Ferring International Center S.A. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2019. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement, dated January 13, 2020, between the registrant and Medesole Healthcare and Trading Private Limited, India. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 16, 2020. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 16, 2019, between the registrant and Steven Shum. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 15, 2019. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 15, 2020, between the registrant and Michael Campbell. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2020. 
 
 10.9 
 
 Commercial Lease Agreement, dated May 1, 2019 between the registrant and PJ LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2020. 
 
 10.10 
 
 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2019. 
 
 10.11 
 
 Pre-Incorporation and Shareholders Agreement between INVO Centers, LLC, Francisco Arredondo, M.D. PLLC and Ramiro Ramirez Guiterrez. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 30, 2020. 
 
 10.12 
 
 Distribution Agreement, dated November 23, 2020, between the registrant and IDS Medical Systems (M) Sdn Bhda. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 25, 2020. 
 
 10.13 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement, dated November 23, 2020, between the registrant and SNS Nurni SDN BHD. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 25, 2020. 
 
 10.14 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement, dated November 23, 2020, between the registrant and Ginekaliks Dooel. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 25, 2020. 
 
 10.15 
 
 Distribution Agreement, dated December 2, 2020, between the registrant and Tasnim Behboud Arman. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 8, 2020. 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2020. 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form of Security Agreement, dated May 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2020. 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2020. 
 
 10.19 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Distribution Agreement, between the registrant and Ferring International Center S.A. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2021. 

46 

10.20 
 
 HRCFG INVO LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated March 10, 2021, between the registrant and HRCFG, LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2021. 
 
 10.21 
 
 Note, dated March 10, 2021, between the registrant and HRCFG, LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2021. 
 
 10.22 
 
 Lease, dated March 2021, with Trustmark National Bank filed as Exhibit 10.22 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.23 
 
 Partnership Agreement dated April 9, 2021 between the registrant and Lyfe Medical, LLC, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 9, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 13, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 10.24 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Andrea Goren dated June 14, 2021, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 14, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 15, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.25 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement dated June 28, 2021 between INVO Centers, LLC and Bloom Fertility, LLC, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 28, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.26 
 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of Bloom INVO, LLC dated June 28, 2021, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 28, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.27 
 
 Management Services Agreement dated June 28, 2021 between Bloom INVO LLC, Bloom Fertility LLC and Sue Ellen Carpenter, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 28, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.28 
 
 INVOcell Supply Agreement dated June 28, 2021 between the registrant and Bloom INVO LLC, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 28, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.29 
 
 Intellectual Property License Agreement dated June 28, 2021 between Bloom INVO LLC and the registrant, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 28, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.30 
 
 Intellectual Property License Agreement dated June 28, 2021 between Bloom INVO LLC, Bio X Cell Inc. and the registrant, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 28, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.31 
 
 Sublease Agreement dated June 29, 201 between Assure Fertility Partners of Atlanta II, LLC and Bloom INVO LLC, filed as Exhibit 10.7 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 28, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.32 
 
 Guarantee of Sublease made by the registrant in favor of Assure Fertility Partners of Atlanta II, LLC and Bloom INVO, LLC, filed as Exhibit 10.8 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 28, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.33 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement dated September 1, 2021 among Ernest Broome, Lyle Oberg, Richard Ross, Dr. Seang Lin Tan, the registrant and Effortless IVF Canada Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report dated September 1, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.34 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated September 30, 2021 between the registrant and Paradigm Opportunities Fund, LP, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report dated October 1, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 4, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.35 
 
 Placement Agent Agreement dated October 1, 2021 between the registrant and Paulson Investment Company, LLC, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report dated October 1, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.36 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 1, 2021 between the registrant and the purchasers set forth therein, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report dated October 1, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.37 
 
 Termination Notice from Ferring International Center S.A. dated November 2, 2021, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 2, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.38 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase Agreement dated November 29, 2021 between the registrant and Paradigm Opportunities Fund LP, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 29, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 2, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.39 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Stock Purchase Agreement dated November 29, 2021 between the registrant and Paradigm Opportunities Fund LP, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 31, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 6, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.41 
 
 Exclusive Distribution Agreement between the registrant and Onesky Holding Limited dated May 13, 2022, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 16, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.42 
 
 Lease Agreement with INVO Centers, LLC dated May 23, 2022, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 26, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.43 
 
 Second Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Option Plan, filed as Appendix A to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 25, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.44 
 
 Distribution Agreement by and between the registrant and Ming Mei Technology Co. Ltd. dated January 3, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 5, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.45 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note, filed as Exhibit 4.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 5, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.46 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 4, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 5, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.47 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated January 4, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 5, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.48 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 3, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.49 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement to Debenture and Warrant dated February 3, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.50 
 
 Equity Purchase Agreement dated February 3, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.51 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement to Equity Purchase Agreement dated February 3, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.52 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement between the registrant, WFRSA and The Elizabeth Pritts Revocable Living Trust dated March 16, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 20, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.53 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement by and between the registrant and FLOW, IVF Science, LLC dated March 16, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 20, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.54 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 17, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.55 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated March 17, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.56 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement by and between the registrant and Maxim Group, LLC dated March 23, 2023, filed as Exhibit 1.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of M K CPAs, PLLC 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-4(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-4(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page of the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 is formatted in Inline XBRL 

Filed herewith 

 Furnished herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

47 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on April 17, 2023. 

INVO
 Bioscience, Inc. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Steven Shum 

Steven
 Shum 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated on April 17, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/
 Steven Shum 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and director 
 
 Steven
 Shum 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Andrea Goren 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Andrea
 Goren 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Matthew Szot 

Matthew
 Szot 
 
 Director 

/s/
 Trent Davis 

Trent
 Davis 
 
 Director 

/s/
 Barbara Ryan 

Barbara
 Ryan 
 
 Director 

/s/
 Rebecca Messina 

Rebecca
 Messina 
 
 Director 

48 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 125,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
 0.0001 par value. As of December 31, 2022, there were 12,172,214 shares of our common stock outstanding that were held of record by
183 stockholders of record. 

The
following description is only a summary. You should also refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, both
of which have been filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit forms a part. 

Common
Stock 

Each
holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election
of directors, and each holder does not have cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, the holders of a majority of the shares of common
stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they so choose. 

Subject
to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably
those dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the board of directors out of legally available funds. In the event
of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available
for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation
preference granted to the holders of any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 

Holders
of common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions
applicable to the common stock. All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. The rights, preferences and
privileges of the holders of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any
series of preferred stock which we may designate in the future. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
board of directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without stockholder approval, to issue up to an aggregate
of 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted
to or imposed upon the preferred stock, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation
preferences. The rights of the holders of common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of holders of
any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. Issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible
acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of INVO Bioscience.
We have no present plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. 

Options 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have options to purchase up to 1,297,006 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding at a weighted average
exercise price of 3.40 per share. 

Unit
Purchase Options 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have unit purchase options to purchase up to 92,893 shares of our common stock
at an exercise price of 3.20 per share. 

Warrants 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have warrants to purchase up to 517 ,272 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding at an exercise price
between 0.50 to 3.20 per share. 

Effect
of Certain Provisions of our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and the Nevada Anti-Takeover Provisions 

Some
provisions of Nevada law and our amended and restated articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could make our acquisition
by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise, and the removal of incumbent officers and directors more difficult. These provisions,
summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to promote stability in our
management. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board
of directors. 

Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Our
amended and restated articles of incorporation and bylaws provide for the following: 

Preferred
 Stock . The ability to authorize preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred
 stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of the Company. These
 and other provisions may have the effect of deferring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of us. 

Requirements
 for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations. Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder
 proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the board
 of directors. 

Stockholder
 Meetings . Our charter documents provide that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by resolution adopted by the
 majority board of directors, the chairman of the board of directors or the chief executive officer. 

Amendment
 of Bylaws. Our board of directors have the sole power to amend the bylaws. 

Nevada
Anti-Takeover Provision 

Section
78.438 of the Nevada Revised Statutes NRS prohibits a publicly held Nevada corporation from engaging in a business combination
with an interested stockholder, generally a person that together with its affiliates owns or within the last two years has owned 10 
of the outstanding voting stock, for a period of two years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested
stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner, or falls within certain exemptions under the NRS. As
a result of these provisions in our charter documents under Nevada law, the price investors may be willing to pay in the future for shares
of our common stock may be limited. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

We
have engaged the services of Transfer Online, Inc. as our transfer agent and registrar 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF THE REGISTRANT 

Bio
 X Cell, Inc. 
 Incorporated
 in Massachusetts 

INVO
 Centers, LLC 
 Incorporated
 in Delaware 

Orange Blossom Fertility, LLC 
 Incorporated in Delaware 

Wood Violet Fertility, LLC 
 Incorporated in Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation in Registration Statements on Form S-8 No. 333-234230 and 333-252228, 333-263239 and 333-269258
of our report dated April 17, 2023, of INVO Bioscience, Inc. relating to the audit of the consolidated financial statements as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the periods then ended, including an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern, and the reference to our firm under the caption Experts in the Registration
Statement. 

/s/
 M K CPA s, PLLC 

Houston,
 TX 

April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
BY THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Steven Shum, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of INVO Bioscience, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Steven Shum 

Steven
 Shum 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
BY THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Andrea Goren, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of INVO Bioscience, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
As the registrant s certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control for financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
As the registrant certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Andrea Goren 

Andrea
 Goren 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

Certification
by the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 

 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 as
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Steven Shum, certify pursuant to 18 U. S. C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of INVO Bioscience, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Steven Shum 

Steven
 Shum, 

Chief Executive Officer and director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A
signed original copy of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

Certification
by the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 

 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 as
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Andrea Goren, certify pursuant to 18 U. S. C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of INVO Bioscience, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Andrea Goren 

Andrea
 Goren 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A
signed original copy of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 invo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 invo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 invo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 invo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

