<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230620_10-K_edgar_data_1616736_0001515971-23-000091.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6994393</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>162432</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3829284</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>984067</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>899567</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1025969</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001515971-23-000091.hdr.sgml : 20230620
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230620134820
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001515971-23-000091
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230620
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230620

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Alpha Investment Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001616736
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				900998139
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-198772
		FILM NUMBER:		231024414

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 EAST CAMPUS VIEW BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43235
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(305) 704-3294

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 EAST CAMPUS VIEW BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43235

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gogo Baby, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140814

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001515971-23-000091.txt : 20230620

10-K
 1
 alpc10k123122.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as
Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, Zip Code 
Telephone Number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

 None 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: 

 Common Stock, 0.0001 par value 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically,
if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No o 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer o 
 
 Accelerated filer o 

Smaller reporting company 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 
 Emerging growth company 

1 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o 

 As of June 30, 2022, the end of the registrant s most recently completed
2 nd quarter, market value has been computed because no active trading market had been established. 

As of June 19, 2023 , the
registrant had shares of common
stock outstanding. 

ALPHA INVESTMENT INC 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 8 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 9 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 9 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 10 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 10 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 10 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 13 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 14 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 15 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 15 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 16 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 17 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 18 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 20 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 20 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 21 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 22 

Signatures 
 
 23 

2 

Part I 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
(the annual report contain or may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements were based
on various factors and were derived utilizing numerous assumptions and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially
from those in the forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, our ability to consummate a merger or business
combination, economic, political and market conditions and fluctuations, government and industry regulation, interest rate risk, U.S.
and global competition, and other factors. Most of these factors are difficult to predict accurately and are generally beyond our control.
You should consider the areas of risk described in connection with any forward-looking statements that may be made herein. Readers are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this annual report. Readers
should carefully review this annual report in its entirety, including but not limited to our consolidated financial statements and the
notes thereto. Except for our ongoing obligations to disclose material information under the Federal securities laws, we undertake no
obligation to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report events or to report the occurrence of unanticipated
events. For any forward-looking statements contained in any document, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements
contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Unless the context otherwise requires, references
in this annual report to Alpha Investment , ALPC , the Company , we , 
 our and us refers to Alpha Investment Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all Share
and per Share information in this annual report gives pro forma effect to the capital restructuring which will be implemented prior to
closing of the Offering as described in - Capital Restructuring in Item 1 below. 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

We intend to provide capital directly to borrowers
seeking financing for commercial real estate properties either for refinancing or acquisitions. These loans will encompass originating
performing commercial first mortgage loans, subordinate financings, and other commercial real estate-related debt. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, we intend to operate our business so that we do not become subject to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Accordingly,
we do not plan to primarily engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities and we do not plan to acquire investment
securities (such as commercial mortgage-backed securities) having a value exceeding 40 of the value of the Company s total assets. 

We expect to offer financing across a broad-spectrum
of asset backed and commercial real asset type collateral of any property type such as office, retail, industrial, multi-family, and hospitality.
The Company will coordinate its lending initiatives with outside commercial real estate loan brokers, which have access to commercial
real estate owners seeking financing or refinancing opportunities, and with loan origination firms that have borrowers seeking loans.
We believe that this will enable ALPC to broaden its access to new borrowers and to develop and implement financing solutions for these
other lenders, mortgage bankers, borrowers, and owners. In the event the Company uses third party loan origination services and underwriters,
the Company will cover these costs in accordance with industry standard practices. In addition, the Company from time to time will also
engage in participating equity financing within strategic opportunistic projects and businesses that could bring added value to stockholders. 

The Company expects to require substantial capital
to fully fund and implement its operations. The Company plans to raise such capital through private or public offerings of equity, debt
or other securities or through joint venture partnerships. There can be no assurance that the Company can successfully raise such capital
or consummate any offering or joint venture partnerships on favorable terms or otherwise. If such efforts are not successful, then we
may be unable to honor funding commitments or be forced to curtail our operations or consider other strategic alternatives. 

3 

Investment Strategy 

To identify attractive lending opportunities, the
Company expects to continue to deploy its capital through the origination of commercial mortgage loans, subordinate financing and other
commercial real-estate related debt investments at attractive risk-adjusted yields. The Company targets lending opportunities that are
secured by commercial real estate. The Company s underwriting includes a focus on stressed in-place cash flows, debt yields, debt
service coverage ratios, loan-to-value ratios, property quality and market and sub-market dynamics. 

Alameda Partners Joint Venture 

On March 11,
2019, the Company, through Alpha Mortgage Notes I, LLC (the SPV entered into an operating agreement with Alameda
Partners LLC, a Utah limited liability company Alameda Partners ). Alameda Partners acquired a ten percent (10 equity interest in the SPV in exchange for a payment of 1,000,000 to the Company and is the managing member of the SPV. The capital is
intended for use in implementing the Company s strategy of acquiring commercial real estate performing notes and support other related
growth initiatives and assets acquisitions for the Company The principals of Alameda Partners have significant long-term of experience
in the commercial real estate industry as property developers, owners, and managers and currently hold over 50 million in commercial
real estate assets. Pursuant to the operating agreement for the SPV, Alameda Partners is entitled to monthly distributions in cash
or stock equal to 10,000. As of December 31, 2022, the SPV has not completed any transactions. 

Legacy Sand Joint Venture 

On July 30, 2020, Alpha entered a joint venture transaction
with Parsons Energy Group, LLC Parsons with respect to leasehold mining rights then held by Parsons on approximately
1,200 acres located in Independence, Wisconsin. 

On July 21, 2021, the Company and Parsons entered
into an Unwinding Agreement (the Unwinding Agreement ), pursuant to which the joint venture was unwound. Under the
Unwinding Agreement, Parsons returned the Series 2020 Preferred Shares to the Company for cancellation and the Company assigned the Interest
in Legacy Sand back to Parsons and exchanged mutual releases. 

Capital Restructuring 

In order to provide the Company with an improved
capital structure effective June 30, 2021, the Company implemented a capital restructuring pursuant to which: 

Omega, our principal stockholder exchanged 28,600,999 shares of our common stock it held for 100,000 shares of newly designated Series AA Preferred Stock; and 

Holders of an additional 1,965,000 shares of our common stock contributed such shares to the capital of the Company. 

Each share of Series AA Preferred Stock is convertible
at the option of the holder into ten (10) shares of the Company s common stock for an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of common stock,
subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends and similar transactions. The Series AA Preferred Stock is entitled to share ratably
in dividends declared on the Company s common stock on an as converted basis. 

Each share of Series AA Preferred Stock is entitled
to 450 votes on each matter presented to stockholders (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends and similar transactions).
Shares of Series AA Preferred Stock vote together shares of our common stock as a single class, except as required by Delaware law. Accordingly,
Omega, as the holder of the Series AA Preferred Stock will effectively maintain control over the Company s affairs following implementation
of the capital restructuring and the consummation of this Offering. 

Unless otherwise specifically indicted, all Share
and per Share information in this annual report gives pro forma effect to implementation of the capital restructuring 

4 

Potential Effects of the COVID-19 Pandemic on our
Business 

Commercial mortgage lending may be subject to volatility
during the COVID-19 pandemic and may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, national, regional and
local economic conditions; local real estate conditions; changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments; construction quality,
age and design; demographic factors; retroactive changes to building or similar codes; pandemics; natural disasters and other acts of
God. In addition, decreases in property values reduce the value of the collateral and the potential proceeds available to a borrower to
repay the underlying loans or loans, which could also cause us to suffer losses. Market volatility has been particularly heightened due
to the COVID-19 global pandemic. COVID-19 has disrupted economic activities and could have a continued significant adverse effect on economic
and market conditions including limited lending from financial institutions, depressed asset values, and limited market liquidity. At
the present time, we are unable to estimate the potential adverse effect which the pandemic may have on our business, operations and financial
condition. 

Corporate History 

We were incorporated in the State of Delaware
on February 22, 2013, to develop, create, manufacture and market toys for small children which would be designed to attach to car seats
and amuse and entertain children during a drive, without distracting the attention of the driver. The Company, however, encountered significant
constraints in raising sufficient capital to fully implement its business plan. 

On March 17, 2017, Omega purchased 35,550,000
outstanding shares of the Company s common stock (the Control Share Sale from Malcolm Hargrave (35,000,000
shares), DTH International Corporation (500,000 shares) and Lisa Foster (50,000 shares) for aggregate consideration of 295,000. The Control
Share Sale was consummated in a private transaction pursuant to a common stock purchase agreement entered between Omega and Mr. Hargrave,
acting individually and on behalf of the other selling stockholders. Upon completion of the Control Share Sale, a Change in
Control of the Company took place and in connection therewith, Mr. Hargrave resigned as our sole director and officer and Omega,
as the new majority stockholder of the Company, elected Timothy R. Fussell, Ph.D. as President, Chairman of the Board and a director (Dr.
Fussell stepped down from those positions in April 2020) and Todd C. Buxton, Omega s then Chief Executive Officer, as Chief Executive
Officer, Vice Chairman of the Board and a director. 

In addition to the foregoing, new management elected
to shift the Company s business focus to real estate lending, which they believed offered better opportunities for shareholder growth.
In connection therewith, on March 30, 2017, we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware
Secretary of State changing our name from Gogo Baby, Inc. to Alpha Investment Inc. to better
reflect our new business plan. The name change and a corresponding change in the Company s OTC markets trading symbol from
GGBY to ALPC received approval from FINRA and became effective as of April 19, 2017. 

Plan of Operations 

Our core objective will be to achieve advantageous
yields and consistent interest income on short to long term loans Loans covering all four lending categories such
as prime, alt-A, bridge and hard money loans by: 

furnishing capital to make Loans primarily to borrowers such as commercial real estate developers and speculators, business owners, landlords and owners of core assets when traditional financing is unavailable to such borrowers for acquisitions, refinancing of commercial property loans; and 

making Loans directly to borrowers in the commercial real estate markets. 

We plan to administer various financing programs with
an emphasis on Loans secured by commercial real estate, such as office buildings, multi-family residences, shopping centers, industrial,
and hotels. Loans may consist of senior debt loans, mezzanine or subordinated loans, preferred equity and other equity participation financing
structures. 

We intend to follow a conservative lending 
profile for our Loans. Our strategy is to seek low leveraged first lien senior debt mortgage loans and high debt service structured
financing programs, as opposed to riskier, less secure, mezzanine or equity positions. 

5 

Business Objectives and Strategy 

Our core business objective is to achieve advantageous
and consistent rates of return from short to long term Loans to borrowers when traditional financing is unavailable to such borrowers
for acquisitions, refinancing of commercial property loans and other asset backed transactions. We plan to focus on various alternative
commercial real estate financings with an emphasis on Loans secured by commercial real estate and seek to invest in financing of core
real estate assets that include office buildings, multi-family residences, shopping centers, and hospitality, plus ground up entitled
land developments. The Loans may consist of senior debt loans, mezzanine or subordinated loans, preferred equity and other equity participation
financing structures. We intend to follow a conservative lending profile for the Loans we fund, which means low loan to
value and high debt service cover ratios. Our strategy is to seek Loans that are first lien, senior debt mortgage loans and specialty
financing programs, as opposed to riskier, yet much more profitable, and less secure mezzanine or equity positions. 

Use of Loan Servicers 

In carrying out our business strategy, we will
likely utilize third-party firms that specialize in Loan origination and servicing Servicers ). We intend to
perform due diligence on each Servicer which we, directly or indirectly, plan to use in the origination and servicing of Loans, in order
to evaluate the firm s experience and expertise in originating and servicing Loans that satisfy our lending and investment criteria. 

Use of Other Third-Party Service Providers 

We will utilize other third parties to provide
various ancillary services to us, such as real estate evaluation and land feasibility appraisal services, closing-legal and escrow title
services. 

Sale of Participations; Co-Investments and Participations 

In the discretion of management, we may sell participation
rights in the Loans we originate to other entities. 

We may from time to time co-invest and or syndicate
participation interest in loans as the administrative agent or buying a participation interest. We plan to only employ this strategy with
seasoned well-established organizations in the commercial real estate CRE lending industry such as private trusts,
real estate financing institutions, mutual funds, pension funds, investment houses, or hedge fund of funds. We believe that this
will afford the Company with an additional opportunity to participate in well-structured transactions with organizations with proven track
records involving originating, underwriting, and servicing. 

The Commercial Real Estate Lending Product 

Operationally, management believes the market for
commercial mortgage loans will offer opportunities for the deployment of capital we raise. The CRE markets have suffered greatly
in recent years beginning with the 2008 U.S. financial market crisis, which resulted in a steep and prolonged recession. However, as the
lending markets have steadily recovered along with market leaders such as large banks Wells Fargo, JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America and
Capital One, we believe the CRE lending landscape has now stabilized in select Centralized Business Districts known as CBD s 
and afford extremely attractive opportunities for deploying capital. Thus, we will focus on positioning the Company to seize this opportunity
within this market. We believe that our proposed business model is comparable to that currently being used by some of the top-level
commercial real estate lender industry professionals. However, to compete and succeed within this industry, we plan to develop a proprietary
pricing and lending model for the commercial real estate finance debt and equity markets. If we are able to do so, as to which no
assurance can be given, we believe that we will have a strategic advantage to compete in the market. 

Key Operational Highlights 
CRE Loans 

The overall U.S. core property commercial real estate lending market is vast and accordingly, we believe there are significant business opportunities that will afford the Company continued growth. 

We expect that our lending model will allow for smaller increments of loans designed for quicker closings to permit investors to monitor development of the ongoing balance sheet and enable us to more rapidly achieve milestones. 

We plan to retain or use seasoned commercial real estate independent specialists to coordinate our loan underwriting model centered on mitigating loan-loss risks and to perform all other related and required third party due diligence. 

6 

Since the securitization industry has standardized the underwriting criteria, we anticipate that it will allow for each third-party service provider we use to integrate and exchange information effectively and efficiently. 

We believe that we will have low cost and prudent leverage available to us to fund Loans. 

Our strategy has been developed with the input of experienced industry veterans. 

The Commercial Real Estate Market Forecast 

CBRE is forecasting a record 2022 for investment in
commercial real estate due to the added momentum in the economic and real estate recoveries, fiscal stimulus projects, and a rebound of
big cities and downtowns as long as the pandemic is held at bay. 

According to CBRE, it is anticipating a 4.6 gain
in U.S. gross domestic product in 2022 as businesses and real estate hit their full stride in the recovery from the pandemic and related
restrictions. Investment volumes are expected to increase 5 to 10 as low interest rates and the return of international travel create
more demand. 

Our outlook for U.S. commercial real estate
next year is positive due to a number of tailwinds overriding deterrents such as inflation, said Richard Barkham, CBRE s
global chief economist and head of Americas Research. COVID-19 flareups still pose a risk, but governments and health authorities
appear to have made progress in containment and treatment. We see this rising tide further buoying the capital markets, multifamily, and
the industrial and logistics sector, and aiding the burgeoning recoveries of the retail and office sectors. 

CBRE s 2022 U.S. Real Estate Outlook is forecasting
a record-breaking year for multifamily, citing solid fundamentals, heightened investor interest, ample liquidity, and a growing range
of debt products. Overall occupancy and net effective rents are expected to be above pre-pandemic levels by the end of 2021. Even though
there are some challenges facing the market, that overall health is expected to continue in the new year. 

The growing economy is boosting household formation,
which had been artificially suppressed by the pandemic. New households are catalyzing demand for rentals, which is expected to match pace
of new deliveries in 2022. We forecast multifamily occupancy levels to remain above 95 for the foreseeable future and nearly 7 growth
in net effective rents next year, according to the outlook. 

CBRE also predicts construction to remain elevated
in the near term, with completions this year reaching a new high and another 300,000-plus units delivered in 2022. Providing context,
CBRE added that deliveries have averaged 206,000 units annually since 2010. 

However, despite the strong demand for multifamily,
CBRE said the volume of new Class A product coming online will limit the performance of those higher-quality communities. While Class
A rents were most negatively affected during the COVID-19 crisis, there remains more room to recover. CBRE projects 8 growth in urban
effective rents in the year ahead but a moderation to 3 in 2023. 

Other key findings for multifamily from the CBRE 2022
U.S. Real Estate Outlook include: 

Urban properties are filling back up, with occupancy rates nearing the pre-pandemic levels, as the nation sees fewer restrictions on urban amenities, higher vaccination rates, and more workers returning to offices. As of the third quarter of 2021, urban vacancy rates averaged 5 , 70 basis points higher than the pre-pandemic level. They are expected to fall to 4 by the end of 2022; 

Investment volume for multifamily is expected to reach nearly 213 billion, a record, in 2021, which is above 2019 s 193 billion. CBRE is forecasting at least a 10 increase to 234 billion in 2022. Trends on the investment front include the acceptance of strong non-coastal markets and the growing interest in favoring ESG-compliant assets, especially from European investors; and 

7 

The level of liquidity from the 2022 increased caps on multifamily purchase volumes for Fannie Mae and Freddie 78 billion for each government-sponsored enterprise should facilitate strong value growth, according to CBRE. It also expects foreign capital to return as well as liquid multifamily debt capital markets, including traditional lending sources and alternative lenders such as debt funds and mortgage REITs, to further stabilize and perhaps even compress cap rates even as interest rates increase. 

The CBRE outlook also highlighted trends to watch for 2022, including the growing single-family rental market and the return to the office. 

The attraction of single-family rentals is expected to increase for both investors and renters as more millennials reach the child-rearing life stages. This will push urban operators to focus more on Gen Z renters to fill the resulting vacancies. 

CBRE also anticipates that rising office occupancy will provide a boost for urban multifamily demand, projecting that office workers will spend an average 3.4 days a week in the office, down from the average 4.4 day per week average in 2018. Living near the office may longer be as important for renters, but it will still be a key consideration. 

Loan Production Strategy 

We have access to a database of top commercial real
estate mortgage bankers nationwide through organizations such as Strategic Alliance Mortgage, LLC SAM ), which is
a company comprised of the top independently owned commercial real estate mortgage banking firms located throughout the United States.
Through SAM, firms utilize their shared national knowledge to execute superior capital market solutions for developers, commercial real
estate investors, investment management firms, asset management firms, real estate investment trusts and private real estate equity firms
with the goal of utilizing their production networks. We have focused on firms that have experienced loan origination back-office staff
to ensure our CRE Loan services will be appropriately and professionally marketed. Also, management has a proprietary database of 50 to
100 mortgage bankers to market their CRE Loan products to and generate Loan production internally for consistent deal flow. In addition,
we believe that as our operations expand, we potentially could establish and retain an in-house sales team. 

Competition 

A few much larger proven commercial real estate lenders
such as JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America, Goldman, and Apollo Commercial Real Estate currently have established operations with large
balance sheets and back office staff. However, we are a non-banking institution and are not regulated like the larger banks or typical
CMBS lenders in that we are not pigeon-holed into securitizing our assets. Rather, we elect to use these
industry standards and underwriting characteristics to originate loans, to consequently
mitigate liquidly-risk (i.e. recapitalization) with the ability to hold these loans on the un-tainted balance sheet to garner stable income
to yield strong growth and market share. However, as most of these lenders have far longer operating histories and significantly larger
financial resources than we do, there can be no assurance given that we can effectively compete. 

Employees 

We currently have no employees other than our
executive officers. As noted above, we intend to rely on third parties retained by us for services in areas such as loan origination and
production, credit analysis, underwriting, due diligence, and loan servicing. As our operations grow, we may elect to bring certain, if
not all of these services in house. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

Item 2. Properties 

Our principal executive offices are located at 200
East Campus View Blvd. Suite 200 Columbus, OH 43235. 

8 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are not currently involved in the following legal
proceedings: 

Steven T. Matthiesen and Joanna K. Matthiesen,
jointly and severally v. Tmothy Fussell et al. In the United States District Court, Southern District of Florida, Case No. 21CV62334.
This breach of contract matter resulted in a default judgment against the Defendants in 2022 of 1,514,000 plus fees and costs. This case
remains pending as to Defendants Timothy Fussell and Partners South Holdings, LLC only. 

Fusion Lodgings LLC v. PLC et al, In the
District Court, 160 th Judicial District, Dallas County, TX, Cause No. DC-20-09139. This breach of contract matter resulted
in a default judgment against the Defendants of 1,000,000 plus fees and costs. 

The Company is not aware of any additional litigation. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

9 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 

Market Information 

Our Shares are quoted on the OTCPink tier of the over-the-counter
market operated by OTC Markets Group, under the symbol ALPC . However, the market for our Shares has been extremely
limited and there have only been minimal and sporadic public quotations for our Shares and there have been no recent closing quotations
for our Shares. There can be no assurance given that a liquid public market for our Shares will develop and if developed,
be sustained. 

Holders 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 9,724,401 shares of
common stock issued and outstanding, and 456 shareholders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

The payment by us of dividends, if any, in the future
rests within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend, among other things, upon our earnings, capital requirements and
financial condition, as well as other relevant factors. We have not paid any dividends since our inception and we do not intend
to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but intend to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

Plan category 

Number of securities to 
 be issued upon exercise of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 

Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining 
 available for future issuance under 
 equity compensation plans 
 (excluding securities reflected in 
 column (a)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 
 520,000 
 
 0.004 
 
 331,867 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Total 
 
 520,000 
 
 0.004 
 
 331,867 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the
perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect
our future results. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial
statements and the accompanying notes thereto included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. In
addition to historical financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks,
uncertainties and assumptions. See Forward-Looking Statements. Our results and the timing of selected events
may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. 

10 

Results of Operations 

General 

We have recognized net
losses of (3,123,461) and (2,124,279) for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 10,398,416 and 7,274,955. 

The following table provides selected balance sheet
data as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data: 
 12/31/2022 

12/31/2021 

Cash 
 
 - 

588 

Loans Receivable related parties, net of discounts and allowances 
 
 - 

- 

Loans Receivable, net of discounts and allowances 
 
 - 

- 

Total assets 
 
 - 

904 

Current liabilities 
 
 4,301,442 

1,156,223 

Total liabilities 
 
 4,301,442 

1,156,223 

Temporary equity 
 
 434,098 

410,410 

Stockholders equity 
 
 (4,735,540) 

(1,565,729) 

Year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to year
ended December 31, 2021 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated
no income, compared to net investment income of 33,830 in 2021. Net investment income in 2021 resulted from interest income of 68,278,
reclassification of related party interest of 13,552 the amortization of loan origination fees of 36,000, offset by the amortization
of loan costs of 84,000 We incurred 551,422 in operating expenses during the 2022 period, compared to 2,092,705 2021 period, reflecting
our decreased level of operations and the creation of an allowance account of 1,383,380 to reflect revaluation of our loans receivables.
In 2022 the Company recognized 2,518,000 in judgments and settlements and 30,529 in interest expense. In 2021, the Company recognized
 20,927 in debt forgiveness, and 26,775 in net interest expense. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Interest Income 
 
 68,278 
 
 Accretion of Loan Origination Fees 
 
 36,000 
 
 Reclassification of related party interest total 
 
 13,552 
 
 Amortization of Loan Issuance Costs 
 
 (84,000 
 
 Net Investment Income 
 
 33,830 

On December 31, 2021, the Company re-evaluated the
Loans Receivable and Lines of Credit Receivable. Considering the lack of activity in projects associated with the loans and the economic
stagnation of the construction markets in 2021, partially due to the pandemic, the Company added 1,383,380 to an allowance account to
write down the values to 0. Going forward, loans will be evaluated under contemporary economic circumstances and recorded accordingly. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, Omega, the
principal stockholder of the Company, made additional capital contributions to the Company of approximately 73,650 in expenses paid on
behalf of the Company. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, Omega, the
principal stockholder of the Company, made additional capital contributions to the Company of 388,486 including 185,075 in expenses
paid on behalf of the Company. The Company s PPP Loan of 20,927 was forgiven, and the balance expensed. 

Related Party Transactions 

Loans receivable 

The Company has extended lines of credit and loans
to related parties. See Note 4 to consolidated financial statements. 

11 

Management fee and other expenses 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
Omega Commercial Finance Corp was accrued 150,000 in management fees pursuant to a corporate governance management agreement executed
on June 1, 2017. Omega is to provide services related to facilitating the introduction of potential investors for compensation of no less
than 150,000 per year, not to exceed 300,000 per year. The agreement remains in effect until cancelled by Omega. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods presented. The Company is required to make judgments
and estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions related
to the valuation of the allowance for loan losses, loss contingencies, useful life and recoverability of long-lived assets, deferred income
tax asset valuations and loss contingencies. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and
various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying value of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Although, we believe our judgments and estimates are appropriate, actual future results may be different; if different assumptions or
conditions were to prevail, the results could be materially different from our reported results. 

Loans Receivable, net and Allowance for Losses 

The Company records its investments in loans receivable
at cost less unamortized costs of issuance and deferred origination fees. Origination fees collected at the time of investment are recorded
against the loans receivable and amortized into net interest income over the lives of the related loans. Issuance costs incurred are capitalized
along with the initial investment and amortized against net interest income over the lives of the related loans. 

When a loan receivable is placed on non-accrual status,
the related interest receivable is reversed against interest income of the current period. If a non-accrual loan is returned to accrual
status, the accrued interest existing at the date the residential loan is placed on non-accrual status and interest during the non-accrual
period are recorded as interest income as of the date the loan no longer meets the non-accrual criteria. 

The Company maintains an
allowance for loan losses on its investments in real estate loans receivable for estimated credit impairment. Management s
estimate of losses is based on a number of factors including the types and dollar amounts of loans in the portfolio, adverse situations
that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, prevailing economic conditions and the underlying collateral securing the loan. Additions
to the allowance are provided through a charge to earnings and are based on an assessment of certain factors, which may indicate estimated
losses on the loans. Actual losses on loans are recorded first as a reduction to the allowance for loan losses. Generally,
subsequent recoveries of amounts previously charged off are recognized as income. 

Estimating allowances for
loan losses requires significant judgment about the underlying collateral, including liquidation value, condition of the collateral, competency
and cooperation of the related borrower and specific legal issues that affect loan collections or taking possession of the property on
an individual loan receivable basis. As of December 31, 2021, given the shifting economic conditions, the Company determined the likelihood
of collecting these loans was significantly diminished and established an allowance account to write down the value of all receivables
to 0. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

There are no off-balance sheet arrangements that have
or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses,
results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

12 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

13 

Item 8. Financial Statements 

Index 

Reports of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

Reports of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 
 F-16, F-17 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-18 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-19 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-20 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-21 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-22 

14 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Alpha Investment Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Alpha Investment Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statement of operations, stockholders'
equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. 

 Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s
significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 /s BF Borgers CPA PC 

 (PCAOB ID 

 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2022 

June 20, 2023 

F- 1 

Alpha Investment Inc 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

As of 
 As of 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Total Current Assets 

Other Assets: 

Loans receivable - related party, net of discounts 

Loans receivable, net of discounts 

Interest receivable 

Total Other Assets 

Property and Equipment, net: 

Furniture and Equipment, net 

Total Property and Equipment, net 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued management fees - related party 

Distribution payable 

Notes payable - short-term 

Notes payable - related party 

Judgments payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Temporary Equity: 

Series 2018 Convertible Preferred Stock par value), net of discounts of and , respectively, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (liquidation value: (See Note 7) 

434,098 
 410,410 
 
 Stockholders' Equity: 

Preferred stock par value), 20,000,000 shares 

Series A Convertible Preferred stock par value), shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Series AA Convertible Preferred stock par value), shares authorized, and -0- issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common stock, 
 par value), 
 shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Equity 

Non-controlling interest in variable interest entities 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

F- 2 

Alpha Investment Inc 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

12 Months 
 12 Months 

Ended 
 Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Income: 

Net investment income - related parties 

Net investment income 

Total Income 

General and Administrative Expenses: 

Bad debt expense 

Management fee - related party 

Administrative expenses 

Professional fees 

Total General and Administrative Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other Expense: 

Other income/expense 

Interest expense, net 

Total Other Expense 

Net Loss 

Amortization of discounts on Series 2018 preferred stock and redeemable common stock 

Net Income Attributable to Non-controlling Interests 

Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders 

Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share 

Basic and Diluted Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding 

F- 3 

Alpha Investment Inc 

 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes
in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

 (Audited) 

Series A 
 Series AA 
 
 Non- 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Paid-in 
 controlling 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Stock exchange 

Stockholder contribution 

Distributions due to non-controlling interest 

Amortization of discount on redeemable preferred stock 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Series A 
 Series AA 
 
 Non- 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Paid-in 
 controlling 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 

Stockholder contribution 

Distributions due to non-controlling interest 

Amortization of discount on redeemable preferred stock 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Common Stock 

 Series A Preferred Stock 

 Series AA Preferred Stock 

 Paid-In Capital 

 Non-Controlling Interest 

 Accumulated Deficit 

F- 4 

Alpha Investment Inc 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Twelve Months 
 Twelve Months 

Ended 
 Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation Expense 

Bad debt expense 

Accretion of origination fee income 

Amortization of deferred loan costs 

Payroll protection loan forgiveness 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase in judgments payable 

Increase in settlements payable 

Increase in interest receivable 

Increase in accrued management fees - related party 

Decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Increase in interest payable 

Increase in notes payable - related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Net cash from investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from short term loan 

Proceeds from stockholder contribution 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash and restricted cash at end of year 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid during year for: 

Interest 

Income Taxes 

Schedule of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Distribution due to non-controlling interest 

Amortization of discount on redeemable preferred stock 

F- 5 

Alpha Investment Inc. 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

, which was paid to the Company,
for 10 ownership of the SPV, and will be the managing member. The capital shall be used to implement the strategy of acquiring
commercial real estate performing notes and support other related growth initiatives and assets acquisitions for the Company of which
is positioning for its listing on the NASDAQ. The Members of Alameda Partners LLC have decades of experiences in the commercial real estate
industry as property developers, owners, and managers and currently holds over 50-million in commercial real estate assets. They have
been appointed as the Managing Members of the SPV, while ALPC controls and holds ownership. The
special purpose vehicle was organized to acquire the membership interests, develop, own, hold, sell, lease, transfer, exchange, re-lend,
manage and operate the underlying assets and conduct activities related thereto the ownership of commercial real estate mortgage notes
and REO s. The initial was recorded as additional paid in capital on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Alameda
Partners is entitled to monthly distributions in cash and stock equal to . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company has recorded and of distributions as reductions to non-controlling interest, which has been accrued and included
in Distributions Payable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, Alpha Mortgage Notes I, LLC has not completed any transactions. 

Legacy Sands 

 On July 29, 2021,
the Company and Parsons entered into an Unwinding Agreement (the Unwinding Agreement ), pursuant to which the Legacy
Sands joint venture was unwound. Under the Unwinding Agreement, Parsons returned the Series 2020 Preferred Shares to the Company for cancellation
and the Company assigned the Interest in Legacy Sand back to Parsons and exchanged mutual releases. 

On June 2, 2020, the Company acquired a membership
interest in Legacy Sand Group, LLC Legacy ), which owns As consideration for the acquisition,
the Company issued shares of 2020 Convertible Preferred Stock, which was . Pending Legacy Sand commencing operations and generating revenues, the Company was
not been able to sufficiently establish the valuation of the Interest and the Series 2020 Preferred Shares to the satisfaction of its
independent registered public accounting firm, in order to allow the Interest to be reflected as an asset on the Company s balance
sheet included in its periodic reports filed with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, which precipitated the aforementioned
Unwinding Agreement. 

and in cash in operations, and incurred net losses of
 and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company has an accumulated deficit of and
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and requires capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities to take place.
The Company's ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock is unknown. Securing additional financing,
the successful development of the Company's contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable
operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt
about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments
that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. 

ownership interest, and Paris
Med CP-LLC Paris Med ), variable interest entity for which the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary, (collectively,
the Company ). All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The Company maintains an
allowance for loan losses on its investments in real estate loans receivable for estimated credit impairment. Management s
estimate of losses is based on several factors including the types and dollar amounts of loans in the portfolio, adverse situations that
may affect the borrower s ability to repay, prevailing economic conditions and the underlying collateral securing the loan. Additions
to the allowance are provided through a charge to earnings and are based on an assessment of certain factors, which may indicate estimated
losses on the loans. Actual losses on loans are recorded first as a reduction to the allowance for loan losses. Generally,
subsequent recoveries of amounts previously charged off are recognized as income. 

Estimating allowances for loan losses requires significant
judgment about the underlying collateral, including liquidation value, condition of the collateral, competency and cooperation of the
related borrower and specific legal issues that affect loan collections or taking possession of the property on an individual loan receivable
basis. Management has added and to the allowance at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

over the estimated asset lives, years. As at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company recorded and in property and equipment, net of and in accumulated depreciation. Depreciation expense
was and in 2022 and 2021. 

 Mortgage Receivables 

 Equipment and Fixtures 

Accretion of Loan Origination Fees 

Reclassification of related party interest total 

Amortization of Loan Issuance Costs 

Net Investment Income 

When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, the related
interest receivable is charged to bad debt of the current period. If a non-accrual loan is returned to accrual status, the accrued interest
existing at the date the residential loan is placed on non-accrual status and interest during the non-accrual period are recorded as interest
income as of the date the loan no longer meets the non-accrual criteria. 

The Company suspends recognizing interest income when
it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all payments according to the contractual terms of the underlying agreements.
Management considers all information available in assessing collectability. Collectability is measured on a receivable-by-receivable basis
by either the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the effective rate, the observable market price for the receivable
or the fair value of the collateral if the receivable is collateral dependent. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous receivables,
such as pre-settlement funding transactions, are collectively assessed for collectability. Receivables, including those arising from the
sale of loan origination services, is charged off when in the Company's judgment, the receivable or portion of the receivable is considered
uncollectible. 

Payments received on past due receivables and finance
receivables the Company has suspended recognizing interest income on are applied first to principal and then to accrued interest. Interest
income on past due receivables and finance receivables, if received, is recorded using the cash basis method of accounting. Additionally,
the Company generally does not resume recognition of interest income once it has been suspended. 

interest in Paris Med, of
which the remaining interest is held by the Company s parent company. Through December 31, 2021, the Company has provided
100 of the funding to Paris Med, which has provided a construction loan to a third party. This loan receivable is the sole asset
of Paris Med. The Company determined that Paris Med was a variable interest entity based on various qualitative and quantitative
factors including but not limited to: 1) financing of Paris Med s sole asset was received by the Company, which is disproportionate
to the Company s ownership interest and 2) the Company and Omega, a related party, organized the entity for the purpose of facilitating
the Company s activities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company is considered the primary beneficiary because it has
provided substantially all of its financial support and is the only party at risk. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Paris Med has
total assets of , consisting solely of advances made pursuant to its third-party construction loan agreement, which is fully reserved,
and no liabilities. 100 of the funding for the sole asset was provided by the Company and such amounts are eliminated in consolidation.
 See Note 4. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Paris Me had no activity. Fro the year ended December 31, 2021, , Paris
Med had no activity other than accruing interest on outstanding principal. The Company will evaluate its investments in Paris Med
each reporting period to determine if it is still the primary beneficiary, and if no longer considered the primary beneficiary, deconsolidate
Paris Med in the period in which circumstances change or events occur causing a change in its assessment. The Company has not attributed
any of its net loss or equity to non-controlling interest because Paris Med s sole asset is amounts owed to the Company, which is
eliminated in consolidation, and there was no material income earned or losses incurred to date by Paris Med. 

Shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to the
exercise of awards under the Incentive Plan. The number of shares so reserved automatically adjusts upward on January 1 of
each year, so that the number of shares covered by the Incentive Plan is equal to 15 of our issued and outstanding common stock.
No shares were issued under the plan during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. After the restructuring in February 2021, and
as of December 31, 2022, there were shares issued and available for issuance under the plan. 

shares underlying convertible preferred
stock were excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2022. shares underlying convertible
preferred stock and shares of common stock underlying common stock warrants were excluded from the computation of diluted loss
per share for year ended December 31, 2021, because their impact was anti-dilutive. 

and to the allowance at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

for the purpose
of financing real property construction costs and working capital needs. On January 28, 2020, this loan was amended to reduce the loan
amount to . The loan is secured in full by a first position lien on any and all Real Property in which the Borrower has any interest
in for such purposes. The maturity date of the loan is at which time the entire principal balance of the loan plus accrued
interest thereon is due and payable. The annual fixed interest rate on the loan is and all interest receivables are due at maturity.
As of December 31, 2020, the amount of had been advanced on the loan. The origination fees of due to the Company have
been added to the balance due on the loan and recorded as a discount against the loan to be amortized into income through the maturity
date. During the years ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized of the origination fees, which are carried at 
as of December 31, 2021. The Company also incurred loan issuance costs of , which were recorded as deferred issuance costs to
be amortized as a reduction of interest income through the maturity date. During the years ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized
 of the deferred issuance costs, which are carried at as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the gross
loan receivable balance is . The Company has established a full reserve against this loan until such time as the loan may be repaid. 

Loan Agreement with Partners South Properties Corporation
(Revolving Line of Credit) 

On August 28, 2017, the Company entered into a loan
agreement with Partners South Properties Corporation Borrower ), which is owned by Timothy R. Fussell, President, Chairman
of the Board and a director of the Company, for a revolving line of credit in the maximum principal sum of for the purpose
of financing real property construction costs and working capital needs. On November 2, 2019, this loan was amended to reduce the loan
amount to . The loan is secured in full by a first position lien on any and all Real Property in which the Borrower has any interest
in for such purposes. The maturity date of the loan is at which time the entire principal balance of the loan plus accrued
interest thereon is due and payable. The annual fixed interest rate on the loan is and all interest receivables are due at maturity.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the gross loan receivable balance is . The Company has established a full reserve against this
until loan until such time as the loan may be repaid. 

Unamortized Issuance Costs 

Unaccreted origination fees 
 )) 
 
 Allowance 

Net Carrying Value 

Loans Receivable 

Paris Med 

On May 2, 2018, the Company and Paris Med entered
into agreements, pursuant to which Paris Med agreed to provide project financing in the amount of , to an unrelated third
party consisting of three notes as follows: 

1) 
 Construction financing in the amount of , on June 30, 2028, including the construction period, and . All interest receivables are due at maturity. As of December 31, 2019, Paris Med has made of advances pursuant to the construction loan. The Company received loan origination fees, in the amount of , which is presented net of the underlying loan advances on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and amortized into income over the terms of the underlying loans. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company amortized and of the discount. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, the loan is carried at and , net of unamortized discount of and . The Company has established a full reserve against this loan until such time as the loan may be repaid. 

2) 
 Equipment financing note in the amount of , payable monthly, accruing interest at an annual rate of , and having terms approximating the lives of the underlying equipment. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, no amounts have been advanced pursuant to the equipment financing note. 

3) 
 Operations financing, business line of credit in the amount of , accruing interest at an annual rate of , . As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, no amounts have been advanced pursuant to the line of credit. 

4) 
 The notes are secured by the assignment of leases and fixed assets related to the project. 

The Company has established a full reserve against
this loan until such time as the loan is repaid. 

Unaccreted Discounts 

Net Carrying Value 

Interest receivable 

Less reserve 

Net Carrying Value 

and . Net operating
loss carry-forwards incurred before 2018 generally expire twenty years from the date the loss was incurred, beginning in 2023, and losses
incurred after 2018 are subject to annual limitations. 

The Company is subject to United States federal and
state income taxes at an approximate blended state and federal rate of . The reconciliation of the provision for income taxes at the
United States federal statutory rate compared to the Company s income tax expense as reported is as follows: 

Permanent differences 

Valuation allowance change and change in tax rate 

Effective income tax rate 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax
effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences in the recognition of income and
expenses for financial reporting and tax purposes. The significant components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities at
December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Net Deferred income tax asset 

The Company has recognized a valuation allowance for
the deferred income tax asset since the Company cannot be assured that it is more likely than not that such benefit will be utilized in
future years. The valuation allowance is reviewed annually. The Company s valuation allowance increased by 
and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. When circumstances change and which cause a change in management s
judgment about the realizability of deferred income tax assets, the impact of the change on the valuation allowance is generally reflected
in current income. 

Current law limits the amount of loss available to
be offset against future taxable income when a substantial change in ownership occurs. Therefore, the amount available to offset future
taxable income may be limited. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company accrued distributions of and . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of minimum distributions
were owed to the 10 partner. 

Litigation 

Judgements and Settlements Payable 

Steven T. Matthiesen and Joanna K. Matthiesen,
jointly and severally v. Tmothy Fussell et al. In the United States District Court, Southern District of Florida, Case No. 21CV62334.
This breach of contract matter resulted in a default judgment against the Defendants in 2022 of plus fees and costs. This case
remains pending as to Defendants Timothy Fussell and Partners South Holdings, LLC only. 

 Judicial Ruling 

Fusion Lodgings LLC v. PLC et al, In the
District Court, 160 th Judicial District, Dallas County, TX, Cause No. DC-20-09139. This breach of contract matter resulted
in a default judgment against the Defendants of plus fees and costs. 

The Company is not aware of any additional litigation. 

Advisory Agreement 

In June 2019, the Company entered into an advisory
agreement, pursuant to which it agreed to compensate a third-party advisor a percentage of future capital raises facilitated by the advisor.
Compensation includes non-refundable cash, cash compensation based on a percentage of capital raised. The advisor may elect to receive
certain percentage-based fees in the form of equity. Upon the closing of a transaction, the advisor will receive five-year warrants to
purchase a number of shares of common stock equal to 8 of the number of shares issue in the transaction at a strike price of the transaction
value as defined the agreement. As of the date of this report, no amounts have been earned and no equity instruments have been issued
as transaction-based fees pursuant to this agreement. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company paid advisory fees of and to the third party advisor for services related to identifying potential investors, which
is included in professional fees in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, the company accrued management fees of and , which remain unpaid as of December 31, 2022. 

Note Payable
 related party 

On October 14, 2020, the Company issue a promissory
note in the amount of to Partners South, Holdings, LLC. The note bears interest at an annual rate of and matured on . This note is currently in default, incurring interest at the default rate of 15 annually. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company recorded and in Notes payable - related party. 

Note Payable
 short term 

 Note
Payable - Unrelated Party 

On June 29, 2022, the Company issued a promissory
note in the amount of to an unrelated party. The note bears interest at an annual rate of and matured on .
This note is currently in default, incurring interest at the default rate of 3.5 monthly on the unpaid balance. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company recorded and in Notes payable short term. 

shares of common stock were issued at a value of 
 per share to one company in exchange for cash of .
Pursuant to the subscription agreement, and amendments, . As part of
this extension, the investor was granted warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock for an exercise price of 
 per share over a five-year term. Because the shares are classified as a temporary equity, and the investors rights to require
repurchase of the shares initially expired in 2017 the Company recorded the fair value of these warrants were recorded as a discount
against the proceeds to be amortized as interest expense through February 2018, the initial extension date. In March 2018, the Company
entered into a third amendment to the subscription agreement, extending the option period to May 15, 2018. The option was further extended
in May and June 2018. 

As consideration for the extensions, the Company s parent company, Omega Commercial Finance Corporation,
agreed to issue to the investor, 
 shares of its Series Z preferred stock, and the Company agreed to reimburse the investor for 
 of legal fees incurred related to the extension. The Company estimated the fair value of the Series Z preferred stock based on recent
sales for cash, and recorded additional discounts of , including the accrued legal fees, against the common stock to be amortized
into interest expense through the extended expiration of the option in May 2018. In October 2018, the option period was further
extended to November 19, 2018. As consideration for the extension, the Company agreed to allow the investor to direct the
investment of the restricted cash into one more investment types, such stock, money market accounts or similar investments. The
investor was also granted the right to withdrawal any restricted cash in excess of 2.5 million. In November 2018, the option was
further extended to January 12, 2019. In March 2019, the option period was extended to June 2019. In June 2019, the option period was
extended to September 27, 2019. In September 2019, the option
period was extended to February 2020. In January 2020, the option period was extended to September 2020. During the year ended December
31, 2018, the Company amortized the remaining of the discount. As of December 31, 20 2019, the cash was held in an escrow account
and the shares are carried at . During the year ended December 31, 2020, the investor exercised its right to require the Company
to repurchase the shares for million and million was released from escrow and returned to the investor in exchange for the common
stock. 

On November 27, 2017, shares of 2018 Convertible
Preferred stock were issued at a value of per share to one entity in exchange for cash of . The preferred stock is . The Company allocated the proceeds from the sale
of the preferred stock to the warrants, which was recorded as a discount against the preferred stock and is to be amortized as a deemed
dividend through the 10-year redemption date. The balance of the preferred stock reflected in temporary equity as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, is and , net of unamortized discount of ad . 

Common Stock 

During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company
sold shares for gross proceeds of . In July 2019, the Company agreed to amend one of the subscription agreements and cancelled
the sale shares for cash consideration of . 

In order to provide the Company with an improved
capital structure effective June 30, 2021, the Company implemented a capital restructuring pursuant to which: 

Omega, our principal stockholder exchanged shares of our common stock it held for shares of newly designated Series AA Preferred Stock; and 

Holders of an additional shares of our common stock contributed such shares to the capital of the Company. 

The Series AA Preferred Stock is entitled to share ratably
in dividends declared on the Company s common stock on an as converted basis. 

Each share of Series AA Preferred Stock is entitled
to 450 votes on each matter presented to stockholders (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends and similar transactions).
Shares of Series AA Preferred Stock vote together with shares of our common stock as a single class, except as required by Delaware law.
Accordingly, Omega, as the holder of the Series AA Preferred Stock, effectively maintains control over the Company s affairs following
implementation of the capital restructuring and the consummation of this Offering. Alpha s current issued and outstanding common
stock is . 

Preferred
Stock 

During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company
sold shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for cash consideration of 

Capital Contributions 

 Omega Commercial Finance Corp. 

During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Omega Commercial Finance Corp, the Company s parent company, made capital contributions to the
Company totaling and . 

Common Stock
Warrants 

As of December
31, 2021, there were warrants outstanding to purchase 
 shares for an exercise price of 
 over five
 years. There has been no warrant activity during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, and all warrants have expired. 

As of December
31, 2022 there are no outstanding warrants. 

As of December 31, 2022, there has been no warrant
activity during the year and all outstanding warrants have expired. 

F- 15 

(The previous auditor has not consented to our inclusion in the
2022 filing) 

F- 16 

F- 17 

Alpha Investment Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 
 588 
 11,624 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 588 
 11,624 

Other Assets: 

Loans receivable - related party, net of discounts and allowances 
 
 737,389 
 
 Loans receivable, net of discounts and allowances 
 
 486,924 
 
 Interest receivable net of allowances 
 
 116,743 
 
 Total Other Assets 
 
 1,341,056 

Property and Equipment, net: 

Furniture and Equipment, net 
 316 
 632 
 
 Total Property and Equipment, net 
 316 
 632 

TOTAL ASSETS 
 904 
 1,353,312 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 
 310,726 
 142,796 
 
 Accrued management fees - related party 
 300,000 
 150,000 
 
 Distribution payable 
 340,000 
 220,000 
 
 Notes payable - related party 
 205,497 
 178,671 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 1,156,223 
 691,467 

Payroll Protection Plan Loan 
 
 20,927 
 
 Total Liabilities 
 1,156,223 
 712,394 

Temporary Equity: 

Series 2018 Convertible Preferred Stock 15.00 par value), net of discounts of 140,169 and 163,854; 100,000 shares authorized; 36,667 and 36,667 issued and outstanding 
 410,410 
 386,722 

Stockholders' Equity: 

Preferred stock 0.0001 par value), 20,000,000 shares authorized: 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 15.00 par value), 100,000 shares authorized; 1,167 and 1,167 shares issued and outstanding 
 17,505 
 17,505 
 
 Series AA Convertible Preferred stock 0.0001 par value), 100,000 shares authorized, 100,000 and -0- issued and outstanding 
 10 

Common stock, 0.0001 par value), 100,000,000 shares authorized; 9,724,401 and 40,290,400 shares issued and outstanding 
 973 
 4,030 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 5,939,250 
 5,547,717 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (7,274,955 
 (5,150,676 
 
 Total Alpha Investment Inc. Equity 
 (1,317,217 
 418,576 
 
 Non-controlling interest 
 (248,512 
 (164,380 
 
 Total Stockholders' Equity 
 (1,565,729 
 254,196 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 904 
 1,353,312 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 18 

Alpha Investment Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Income: 

Net investment income - related parties 
 33,830 
 16,688 
 
 Net investment income 

Total Income 
 33,830 
 16,688 

General and Administrative Expenses: 

Bad debt expense 
 1,374,886 

Management fee - related party 
 150,000 
 150,000 
 
 Administrative expenses 
 283,296 
 630,480 
 
 Professional fees 
 284,523 
 292,441 
 
 Total General and Administrative Expenses 
 2,092,705 
 1,072,921 
 
 Loss from Operations 
 (2,058,875 
 (1,056,233 

Other Income (Expense): 

Other income 
 20,927 

Interest expense, net 
 (26,775 
 (12,983 
 
 Total Other Income (Expense), net 
 (5,848 
 (12,983 

Net Loss Including Non-controlling Interests 
 (2,064,723 
 (1,069,216 

Amortization of discounts of 2018 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 (23,688 
 (23,689 

Net Income Attributable to Non-controlling Interests 
 (35,868 
 (38,042 

Net Loss 
 (2,124,279 
 (1,130,947 

Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share 
 (0.16 
 (0.03 

Weighted Average Outstanding Common Shares Basic and Diluted 
 13,493,188 
 40,290,400 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 19 

Alpha Investment Inc 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
Equity (Deficit) 

Series A 
 Series AA 
 
 Non- 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Paid-in 
 controlling 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2019 
 40,290,400 
 4,030 
 1,167 
 17,505 

5,110,717 
 (82,422 
 (4,019,729 
 1,030,101 
 
 Stockholder contribution 

437,000 

437,000 
 
 Distributions due to non-controlling interest 

(120,000 
 
 (120,000 
 
 Amortization of discount on preferred stock 

(23,688 
 (23,688 
 
 Net loss 

38,042 
 (1,107,259 
 (1,069,217 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 40,290,400 
 4,030 
 1,167 
 17,505 

5,547,717 
 (164,380 
 (5,150,676 
 254,196 

Series A 

Series AA 

Non- 

Common Stock 

Preferred Stock 

Preferred Stock 

Paid-in 

controlling 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Interest 

Deficit 

Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

40,290,400 

4,030 

1,167 

17,505 

5,547,717 

(164,380) 

(5,150,676) 

254,196 

Stock exchange 

(30,565,999) 

(3,057) 

100,000 

10 

3,047 

Stockholder contribution 

388,486 

388,486 

Distributions due to non-controlling interest 

(120,000) 

(120,000) 
 
 Amortization of discount on preferred stock 

(23,688) 

(23,688) 
 
 Net loss 

35,868 

(2,100,591) 

(2,064,723) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 

9,724,401 

973 

1,167 

17,505 

100,000 

10 

5,939,250 

(248,512) 

(7,274,955) 

(1,565,729) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 20 

Alpha Investment Inc 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 
 (2,064,723 
 (1,069,216 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation Expense 
 316 
 373 
 
 Bad debt expense 
 1,374,886 

Accretion of origination fee income 
 38,080 
 140,050 
 
 Amortization of deferred loan costs 

Payroll protection loan forgiveness 
 (20,927 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease in interest receivable 
 (71,910 
 (52,535 
 
 Increase in accrued management fees - related party 
 150,000 
 150,000 
 
 Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 167,929 
 105,475 
 
 Increase in notes payable - related party 
 26,827 
 178,671 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (399,522 
 (547,182 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Redemption of common stock 
 
 (2,500,000 
 
 Proceeds from payroll protection loan 
 
 20,927 
 
 Proceeds from stockholder contribution 
 388,486 
 437,000 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 388,486 
 (2,042,073 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 (11,036 
 (2,589,255 
 
 Cash - beginning of year 
 11,624 
 2,600,879 
 
 Cash - end of year 
 588 
 11,624 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid during year for: 

Interest 

Income Taxes 

Schedule of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Distributions due to non-controlling interest 
 120,000 
 120,000 
 
 Amortization of discount on preferred stock 
 23,688 
 23,689 
 
 PPP loan forgiveness 
 (20,927 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 21 

Alpha Investment Inc. 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Corporate History 

Alpha Investment Inc, formerly GoGo Baby, Inc. (the
 Company was incorporated on February 22, 2013 under the laws of the State of Delaware to develop, create, manufacture and
market, toys for small children which would be designed to attach to car seats and amuse and entertain children during a drive, without
distracting the attention of the driver. The Company, however, encountered significant constraints in raising sufficient capital to fully
implement its business plan. 

TO better reflecting management s shifted focus
of the Company s business to real estate and other commercial lending, on March 30, 2017, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment
to its Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State changing its name from Gogo Baby, Inc. to Alpha
Investment Inc. . The name change and a corresponding change in the Company s OTC markets trading symbol from GGBY
to ALPC received approval from FINRA and became effective as of April 19, 2017. 

On January 31, 2019, the Company, through Jersey Walk
Phase I, LLC, entered into a Sale of Membership Interest Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with CMT Developers LLC CMT ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired 100 of CMT s membership interests, in exchange
for the issuance to CMT of 3,000,000 shares of common stock. During the due diligence on the refinancing of the property, the Company
learned that certain of the representations and warranties of CMT in the Purchase Agreement with respect to the property were incorrect
in various material respects. Based on the foregoing, effective June 7, 2019, the Company rescinded the Purchase Agreement in accordance
with its terms and the 3,000,000 shares of common stock were returned to the Company. As of June 7, 2019, the Company deconsolidated CMT,
recognizing a gain on deconsolidation of 316,774. The assets, liabilities and equity related to CMT, resulting in the gain on deconsolidation
are summarized as follows: 

Note Payable 
 15,500,000 
 
 Accrued Interest 
 232,500 
 
 Deferred Income 
 576,774 
 
 Common Stock Returned 
 29,222,500 
 
 Real Estate 
 (44,800,000 
 
 Prepaid Expenses 
 (105,000 
 
 Construction Loan Advances 
 (310,000 
 
 Gain on Deconsolidation 
 316,774 

On March 11, 2019, the Company, through a newly formed
LLC or Special Purpose Vehicle SPV called Alpha Mortgage Notes I, LLC executed an operating agreement with Alameda Partners
LLC. Alameda Partners is a Utah Limited Liability Company which made a capital contribution of 1,000,000, which was paid to the Company,
for 10 ownership of the SPV, and will be the managing member. The capital shall be used to implement the strategy of acquiring
commercial real estate performing notes and support other related growth initiatives and assets acquisitions for the Company of which
is positioning for its listing on the NASDAQ. The Members of Alameda Partners LLC have decades of experiences in the commercial real estate
industry as property developers, owners, and managers and currently holds over 50-million in commercial real estate assets. They
have been appointed as the Managing Members of the SPV, while ALPC controls and holds 90 ownership. In exchange for its 90 interest
in the SPV, the Company is required to contribute 4,015,667 shares of common stock for the purchase of performing notes for the SPV. The
special purpose vehicle was organized to acquire the membership interests, develop, own, hold, sell, lease, transfer, exchange, re-lend,
manage and operate the underlying assets and conduct activities related thereto the ownership of commercial real estate mortgage notes
and REO s. The initial 1,000,000 was recorded as additional paid in capital on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Alameda
Partners is entitled to monthly distributions in cash and stock equal to 10,000. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the
Company has recorded 340,000 and 220,000 of distributions as reductions to non-controlling interest, which has been accrued and included
in Distributions Payable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2021 and
2020, Alpha Mortgage Notes I, LLC has not completed any transactions. 

F- 22 

On June 2, 2020, the Company acquired a 19 membership
interest in Legacy Sand Group, LLC Legacy ), which owns real property and mining rights comprised of approximately 1,200
acres that encompass an asset of 110 million tons of Tier 1 Northern White Fracking Sand in Wisconsin. As consideration for the acquisition,
the Company issued 3,382 shares of 2020 Convertible Preferred Stock, which is convertible into 3,804,750 shares of the Company s
common stock. The Company recorded its interest in Legacy at the estimated fair value of the preferred stock of 33,323,000. 

However, despite
using its best efforts, pending Legacy Sand commencing operations and generating revenues, the Company was not been able to sufficiently
establish the valuation of the Interest and the Series 2020 Preferred Shares to the satisfaction of its independent registered public
accounting firm, in order to allow the Interest to be reflected as an asset on the Company s balance sheet included in its periodic
reports filed with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. 

Accordingly, on July 29, 2021, the
Company and Parsons entered into an Unwinding Agreement (the Unwinding Agreement ), pursuant to which the joint venture
was unwound. Under the Unwinding Agreement, Parsons returned the Series 2020 Preferred Shares to the Company for cancellation and the
Company assigned the Interest in Legacy Sand back to Parsons and exchanged mutual releases. 

NOTE 2 GOING CONCERN 

Future issuances of the Company s equity or
debt securities will be required for the Company to continue to finance its operations and continue as a going concern. The Company s
present revenues are insufficient to meet operating expenses. The financial statements of the Company have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets and the satisfaction of
liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company used 399,522 and 547,182 in cash in operations, and incurred net losses of
 2,064,723 and 1,069,216 during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company has an accumulated deficit of 7,274,955 and
 5,150,676 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and requires capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities to take place.
The Company's ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock is unknown. Securing additional financing,
the successful development of the Company's contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable
operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt
about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments
that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. 

NOTE 3 - SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the Company, Alpha Mortgage Notes I, LLC, which is controlled by the Company through its 90 ownership interest, and Paris
Med CP-LLC Paris Med ), variable interest entity for which the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary, (collectively,
the Company ). All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods presented. The Company is required to make judgments
and estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions related
to the useful life and recoverability of long-lived assets, deferred income tax asset valuations and loss contingences. The Company bases
its estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under
the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities and the
accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Although, we believe our judgments and estimates are appropriate,
actual future results may be different; if different assumptions or conditions were to prevail, the results could be materially different
from our reported results. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash equivalents include short-term, highly liquid
investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of acquisition. 

F- 23 

Loans Receivable, net and Allowance for Losses 

The Company records its investments in loans receivable
at the lower of cost or fair value, Costs are the gross loan receivables less unamortized costs of issuance and deferred origination fees.
Origination fees collected at the time of investment are recorded against the loans receivable and amortized into net interest income
over the lives of the related loans. Issuance costs incurred are capitalized along with the initial investment and amortized against net
interest income over the lives of the related loans. 

When a loan receivable is placed on non-accrual status,
the related interest receivable is charged to bad debt of the current period. If a non-accrual loan is returned to accrual status, the
accrued interest existing at the date the residential loan is placed on non-accrual status and interest during the non-accrual period
are recorded as interest income as of the date the loan no longer meets the non-accrual criteria. 

The Company maintains an
allowance for loan losses on its investments in real estate loans receivable for estimated credit impairment. Management s
estimate of losses is based on several factors including the types and dollar amounts of loans in the portfolio, adverse situations that
may affect the borrower s ability to repay, prevailing economic conditions and the underlying collateral securing the loan. Additions
to the allowance are provided through a charge to earnings and are based on an assessment of certain factors, which may indicate estimated
losses on the loans. Actual losses on loans are recorded first as a reduction to the allowance for loan losses. Generally,
subsequent recoveries of amounts previously charged off are recognized as income. 

Estimating allowances for loan losses requires significant
judgment about the underlying collateral, including liquidation value, condition of the collateral, competency and cooperation of the
related borrower and specific legal issues that affect loan collections or taking possession of the property on an individual loan receivable
basis. Management has established an allowance of 1,383,380 and 250,000 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are stated at cost. Equipment
and fixtures are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated asset lives, 5 years. As at December 31, 2021 and 2020,
the Company recorded 316 and 632 in property and equipment, net of 316 and 316 in accumulated depreciation, and recorded the same
in expenses for the corresponding years. 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for its income taxes in accordance
with FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC No. 740, Income Taxes . Under this method, deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax balances. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted or
substantially enacted tax rates expected to apply to the taxable income in the years in which those differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that
some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in
tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the date of enactment or substantive enactment. 

Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes 

The Company applies the provisions of ASC Topic 740-10-25, Income
Taxes Overall Recognition ASC Topic 740-10-25 with respect to the accounting for uncertainty of income
tax positions. ASC Topic 740-10-25 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a company s consolidated
financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740-10-25 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification,
interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. As December 31, 2021, tax years since 2014 remain open
for IRS audit. The Company has received no notice of audit from the Internal Revenue Service for any of the open tax years. 

F- 24 

Revenue Recognition and Investment Income 

Origination fees collected at the time of investment
are recorded against the loans receivable and amortized into net interest income over the lives of the related loans. Issuance costs incurred
are capitalized along with the initial investment and amortized against net interest income over the lives of the related loans. The Company
records interest income in accordance with ASC subtopic 835-30 Imputation of Interest , using the effective interest method.
The following is a summary of the components of the Company s net investment income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Interest Income 
 68,278 
 45,306 
 
 Accretion of Loan Origination Fees 
 36,000 
 74,523 
 
 Reclassification of related party interest total 
 13,552 

Amortization of Loan Issuance Costs 
 (84,000 
 (103,141 
 
 Net Investment Income 
 33,830 
 16,688 

When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, the related
interest receivable is charged to bad debt of the current period. If a non-accrual loan is returned to accrual status, the accrued interest
existing at the date the residential loan is placed on non-accrual status and interest during the non-accrual period are recorded as interest
income as of the date the loan no longer meets the non-accrual criteria. 

The Company suspends recognizing interest income when
it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all payments according to the contractual terms of the underlying agreements.
Management considers all information available in assessing collectability. Collectability is measured on a receivable-by-receivable basis
by either the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the effective rate, the observable market price for the receivable
or the fair value of the collateral if the receivable is collateral dependent. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous receivables,
such as pre-settlement funding transactions, are collectively assessed for collectability. Receivables, including those arising from the
sale of loan origination services, is charged off when in the Company's judgment, the receivable or portion of the receivable is considered
uncollectible. 

Payments received on past due receivables and finance
receivables the Company has suspended recognizing interest income on are applied first to principal and then to accrued interest. Interest
income on past due receivables and finance receivables, if received, is recorded using the cash basis method of accounting. Additionally,
the Company generally does not resume recognition of interest income once it has been suspended. 

Variable Interest Entity 

The Company holds a 10 interest in Paris Med, of
which the remaining 90 interest is held by the Company s parent company. Through December 31, 2021, the Company has provided
100 of the funding to Paris Med, which has provided a construction loan to a third party. This loan receivable is the sole asset
of Paris Med. The Company determined that Paris Med was a variable interest entity based on various qualitative and quantitative
factors including but not limited to: 1) financing of Paris Med s sole asset was received by the Company, which is disproportionate
to the Company s ownership interest and 2) the Company and Omega, a related party, organized the entity for the purpose of facilitating
the Company s activities. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company is considered the primary beneficiary because it has
provided substantially all of its financial support and is the only party at risk. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, Paris Med has
total assets of 558,000, consisting solely of advances made pursuant to its third-party construction loan agreement, and had no liabilities.
100 of the funding for the sole asset was provided by the Company and such amounts are eliminated in consolidation. See Note 4.
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, Paris Med had no activity other than accruing interest on outstanding principal.
 The Company will evaluate its investments in Paris Med each reporting period to determine if it is still the primary beneficiary,
and if no longer considered the primary beneficiary, deconsolidate Paris Med in the period in which circumstances change or events occur
causing a change in its assessment. The Company has not attributed any of its net loss or equity to non-controlling interest because
Paris Med s sole asset is amounts owed to the Company, which is eliminated in consolidation, and there was no material income earned
or losses incurred to date by Paris Med. 

F- 25 

Fair Value 

The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet
for cash, accounts payable and notes payable approximate their estimated fair market value based on the short-term maturity of this instrument.
The carrying value of the Company s loans receivable approximate fair value because their terms approximate market rates. 

Incentive Plan 

The Company s Incentive Plan provides for equity
incentives to be granted to its employees, executive officers or directors or to key advisers or consultants. Equity incentives may be
in the form of stock options with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the underlying Shares as determined pursuant
to the Incentive Plan, restricted stock awards, other stock-based awards, or any combination of the foregoing. The Incentive Plan is administered
by the board of directors, and initially 5,000,000 Shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to the exercise of awards under the Incentive
Plan. The number of shares so reserved automatically adjusts upward on January 1 of each year, so that the number of shares
covered by the Incentive Plan is equal to 15 of our issued and outstanding common stock. No shares were issued under the plan during
the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. After the restructuring in February 2021, and as of December 31, 2021, there were 3,625,000
shares issued and 331,867 available for issuance under the plan. 

Net Loss Per Share 

Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the net
loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the year. Dilutive loss per share
reflects the potential dilution of securities that could share in the losses of the Company. 36,667 shares underlying convertible preferred
stock and 520,000 shares of common stock underlying common stock warrants were excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share
for year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, because their impact was anti-dilutive. 

Concentration of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject the
Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and loans receivable. The Company
maintains its cash in bank and financial institution deposits that at times may exceed federally insured limits. Management has established
an allowance of 1,383,380 and 250,000 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Recent accounting pronouncements that the Company
has adopted or that will be required to adopt in the future are summarized below. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, Financial
Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825- 10), Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . The provisions
of the update require equity investments to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. However, an
entity may choose to measure equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values at cost minus impairment. The update
also simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment
to identify impairment. It also eliminates the requirement to disclose the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost
for entities that are not public business entities, and eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the methods
and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet.
ASU No. 2016-01 requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments
for disclosure purposes. It also requires an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change
in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure
the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. The update requires separate presentation
of financial assets and financial liabilities by category and form on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements.
In addition, the update clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to
available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. The adoption of this ASU did not have
a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

F- 26 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases
(Topic 842), Conforming Amendments Related to Leases . This ASU amends the codification regarding leases in order to increase transparency
and comparability. The ASU requires companies to recognize lease assets and liabilities on the statement of condition and disclose key
information about leasing arrangements. A lessee would recognize a liability to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing
its right to use the leased asset for the lease term. The new lease guidance was effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2018, and did not have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial
Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The amendments introduce an
impairment model that is based on expected credit losses ECL ), rather than incurred losses, to estimate credit losses on
certain types of financial instruments (ex. loans and held to maturity securities), including certain off-balance sheet financial instruments
(ex. commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit that are not unconditionally cancelable). The ECL should consider historical
information, current information, and reasonable and supportable forecasts, including estimates of prepayments, over the contractual term.
An entity must use judgment in determining the relevant information and estimation methods that are appropriate in its circumstances.
Financial instruments with similar risk characteristics may be grouped together when estimating the ECL. The ASU also amends the current
available for sale security impairment model for debt securities whereby credit losses relating to available for sale debt securities
should be recorded through an allowance for credit losses. The amendments will be applied through a modified retrospective approach, resulting
in a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective.
The Company is currently planning for the implementation of this accounting standard. It is too early to assess the impact this guidance
will have on the Company s financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Statement
of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The amendments in this ASU clarify the proper
classification for certain cash receipts and cash payments, including clarification on debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, settlement
of zero-coupon debt instruments, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of
insurance claims, and proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies,
among others. The Company adoption of this amendment did not have a material impact on the Company s Financial Statements. 

The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements
that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements
that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 

NOTE 4 LOANS RECEIVABLE, NET 

Loans Receivable - Related Parties 

Loan Agreement with Partners South Holdings LLC
(Revolving Line of Credit) 

On August 28, 2017, the Company entered into a loan
agreement with Partners South Holdings LLC Borrower ), which is owned by Timothy R. Fussell, former President, Chairman
of the Board and a director of the Company, for a revolving line of credit in the maximum principal sum of 3,600,000 for the purpose
of financing real property construction costs and working capital needs. On January 28, 2020, this loan was amended to reduce the loan
amount to 657,500. The loan is secured in full by a first position lien on any and all Real Property in which the Borrower has any interest
in for such purposes. The maturity date of the loan is August 31, 2022 at which time the entire principal balance of the loan plus accrued
interest thereon is due and payable. The annual fixed interest rate on the loan is 3.5 and all interest receivables are due at maturity.
As of December 31, 2020, the amount of 477,500 had been advanced on the loan. The origination fees of 180,000 due to the Company have
been added to the balance due on the loan and recorded as a discount against the loan to be amortized into income through the maturity
date. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized 36,000 and 36,217 of the origination fees, which are
carried at 131,578 and 167,578 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company also incurred loan issuance costs of 420,000, which were
recorded as deferred issuance costs to be amortized as a reduction of interest income through the maturity date. During the years ended
December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized 47,068 and 103,141 of the deferred issuance costs, which are carried at 56,073 and
 101,196 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the gross loan receivable balance is 0 and 598,156. The
Company has established a full reserve against this loan until such time as the loan is repaid. 

F- 27 

Loan Agreement with Partners South Properties Corporation
(Revolving Line of Credit) 

On August 28, 2017, the Company entered into a loan
agreement with Partners South Properties Corporation Borrower ), which is owned by Timothy R. Fussell, President, Chairman
of the Board and a director of the Company, for a revolving line of credit in the maximum principal sum of 5,000,000 for the purpose
of financing real property construction costs and working capital needs. On November 2, 2019, this loan was amended to reduce the loan
amount to 250,000. The loan is secured in full by a first position lien on any and all Real Property in which the Borrower has any interest
in for such purposes. The maturity date of the loan is August 31, 2022 at which time the entire principal balance of the loan plus accrued
interest thereon is due and payable. The annual fixed interest rate on the loan is 3.5 and all interest receivables are due at maturity.
As of December 31, 2021, and 2020, the gross loan receivable balance is 250,000. The Company has established a full reserve against this
until loan until such time as the loan is repaid. 

The following is a summary of loans receivable - related
parties as of December 31, 2021 and 2020: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Principal Amount Outstanding 
 907,500 
 907,500 
 
 Unamortized Issuance Costs 
 56,073 
 101,196 
 
 Unaccreted origination fees 
 (23,424 
 (21,307 
 
 Allowance 
 (940,149 
 (250,000 
 
 Net Carrying Value 
 
 737,389 

Loans Receivable 

Paris Med 

On May 2, 2018, the Company and Paris Med entered
into agreements, pursuant to which Paris Med agreed to provide project financing in the amount of 158,216,541, to an unrelated third
party consisting of three notes as follows: 

1) 
 Construction financing in the amount of 90,204,328, maturing in 10 years on June 30, 2028, including the construction period, and accruing interest at an annual rate of 5.5 during the construction period, and 4.5 upon conversion to a permanent loan. All interest receivables are due at maturity. As of December 31, 2019, Paris Med has made 558,000 of advances pursuant to the construction loan. The Company received loan origination fees, in the amount of 92,400, which is presented net of the underlying loan advances on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and amortized into income over the terms of the underlying loans. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company amortized 9,160 and 9,160 of the discount. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, the loan is carried at 496,084 and 486,924, net of unamortized discount of 61,916 and 71,076. The Company has established a full reserve against this loan until such time as the loan is repaid. 

2) 
 Equipment financing note in the amount of 24,715,986, payable monthly, accruing interest at an annual rate of 5.75 , and having terms approximating the lives of the underlying equipment. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, no amounts have been advanced pursuant to the equipment financing note. 

3) 
 Operations financing, business line of credit in the amount of 23,932,625, accruing interest at an annual rate of 5.75 , maturing in 10 years. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, no amounts have been advanced pursuant to the line of credit. 

4) 
 The notes are secured by the assignment of leases and fixed assets related to the project. 

The Company has established a full reserve against
this loan until such time as the loan is repaid. 

The following is a summary of loans receivable as
of December 31, 2021 and 2020: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Principal Amount Outstanding 
 558,000 
 558,000 
 
 Unaccreted Discounts 
 (61,916 
 (71,076 
 
 Net Carrying Value 
 496,084 
 486,924 
 
 Less reserve 
 (496,084 

Net Carrying Value 
 
 486,924 

F- 28 

NOTE 5 - PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon
sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected to be available
to reduce taxable income. As the achievement of required future taxable income is uncertain, the Company recorded a valuation allowance.
As of December 31, 2021 and 2020 the Company had a net operating loss carry-forward of approximately 4,818,374 and 2,753,651. Net operating
loss carry-forwards incurred before 2018 generally expire twenty years from the date the loss was incurred, beginning in 2023, and losses
incurred after 2018 are subject to annual limitations. 

The Company is subject to United States federal and
state income taxes at an approximate blended state and federal rate of 29 . The reconciliation of the provision for income taxes at the
United States federal statutory rate compared to the Company s income tax expense as reported is as follows: 

December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 
 
 Statutory rates (federal and state) 
 29 
 29 
 
 Permanent differences 
 0 
 0 
 
 Valuation allowance change and change in tax rate 
 (29 
 (29 

0 
 0 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used
for income tax purposes. Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences in the recognition of income and expenses for financial
reporting and tax purposes. The significant components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2021 and 2020 are
as follows: 

December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 
 
 Net operating loss carryforward 
 1,397,328 
 798,559 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (1,397,328 
 (798,559 
 
 Net Deferred income tax asset 

The Company has recognized a valuation allowance for
the deferred income tax asset since the Company cannot be assured that it is more likely than not that such benefit will be utilized in
future years. The valuation allowance is reviewed annually. The Company s valuation allowance increased by 598,769 and 316,478
during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. When circumstances change and which cause a change in management s judgment about
the realizability of deferred income tax assets, the impact of the change on the valuation allowance is generally reflected in current
income. 

Current law limits the amount of loss available to
be offset against future taxable income when a substantial change in ownership occurs. Therefore, the amount available to offset future
taxable income may be limited. 

NOTE 6 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Alpha Mortgage Notes, LLC 

In exchange for its 90 interest in the Alpha Mortgage
Notes, LLC, SPV the Company is required to contribute 4,015,667 shares of common stock to be used by the SPV for the purchase
of performing notes for the SPV. The SPV is required to make monthly distributions to its 10 member of 10,000 up until the time a purchase
of the performing notes are made, and upon the acquisition of the six mortgages specified in the SPV's operating agreement, monthly payments
of 150,000 per month from gross interest income received for 30 months; and 20 of any other future note purchases. The 10 partner will
also receive an amount equal to 1 of the principal amounts received on each loan. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020,
the Company accrued distributions of 120,000 and 120,000. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, 340,000 and 220,000 of minimum distributions
were owed to the 10 partner. 

F- 29 

Litigation 

The Company is not presently involved in any litigation. 

Advisory Agreement 

In June 2019, the Company entered into an advisory
agreement, pursuant to which it agreed to compensate a third-party advisor a percentage of future capital raises facilitated by the advisor.
Compensation includes non-refundable cash, cash compensation based on a percentage of capital raised. The advisor may elect to receive
certain percentage-based fees in the form of equity. Upon the closing of a transaction, the advisor will receive five-year warrants to
purchase a number of shares of common stock equal to 8 of the number of shares issue in the transaction at a strike price of the transaction
value as defined the agreement. As of the date of this report, no amounts have been earned and no equity instruments have been issued
as transaction-based fees pursuant to this agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company paid advisory fees
of 75,500 and 35,000 to the third party advisor for services related to identifying potential investors, which is included in professional
fees in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

NOTE 7 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Loans receivable 

The Company has extended lines of credit and loans
to related parties. See Note 3. 

Management Fee 

The Company pays its parent company, Omega Commercial
Finance Corp Omega management fees pursuant to a corporate governance management agreement executed on June 1, 2017. Omega
is to provide services related to facilitating the introduction of potential investors for compensation of no less than 150,000 per year,
not to exceed 300,000 per year. The agreement remains in effect until cancelled by Omega. During the year ended December 31, 2019, Omega
Commercial Finance Corp, the Company s principal stockholder, and Omega Streets Capital, an affiliate entity, was paid a combined
 369,680 in management and consulting fees pursuant to a corporate governance management agreement executed on June 1, 2017. The
fee paid in 2019 is for services that were rendered throughout 2019. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the company accrued
management fees of 150,000 and 150,000, which remain unpaid as of December 31, 2021. 

Note Payable

On October 14, 2020, the Company issue a promissory
note in the amount of 175,000 to Partners South, Holdings, LLC. The note bears interest at an annual rate of 10 and matured on December
15, 2020. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded 205,496 and 178,671 in Notes payable - related party. 

NOTE 8 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Temporary
Equity 

On September 20, 2017, 166,667 shares of common stock
were issued at a value of 15.00 per share to one company in exchange for cash of 2,500,000. Pursuant to the subscription agreement,
and amendments, the investor has the right to require the Company to repurchase the shares for 2.5 million at any time through September
2020, which was initially December 2017. Accordingly, the amounts received are presented as a temporary equity as of December 31, 2019
and 2018. In December 2017, the Company negotiated and amended its agreement with the investor to extend this right through May 15, 2018.
As part of this extension, the investor was granted warrants to purchase 170,000 shares of common stock for an exercise price of 15.00
per share over a five-year term. Because the shares are classified as a temporary equity, and the investors rights to require repurchase
of the shares initially expired in 2017 the Company recorded the fair value of these warrants were recorded as a discount against the
proceeds to be amortized as interest expense through February 2018, the initial extension date. In March 2018, the Company entered into
a third amendment to the subscription agreement, extending the option period to May 15, 2018. The option was further extended in May and
June 2018. As consideration for the extensions, the Company s parent company, Omega Commercial Finance Corporation, agreed
to issue to the investor, 65,000 shares of its Series Z preferred stock, and the Company agreed to reimburse the investor for 21,894
of legal fees incurred related to the extension. The Company estimated the fair value of the Series Z preferred stock based on recent
sales for cash, 

F- 30 

and recorded additional discounts of 184,394, including
the accrued legal fees, against the common stock to be amortized into interest expense through the extended expiration of the option in
May 2018. In October 2018, the option period was further extended to November 19, 2018. As consideration for the extension,
the Company agreed to allow the investor to direct the investment of the restricted cash into one more investment types, such stock, money
market accounts or similar investments. The investor was also granted the right to withdrawal any restricted cash in excess of 2.5
million. In November 2018, the option was further extended to January 12, 2019. In March 2019, the option period was extended to
June 2019. In June 2019, the option period was extended to September 27, 2019. In September 2019, the option period was extended to February
2020. In January 2020, the option period was extended to September 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company amortized
the remaining 1,109,113 of the discount. As of December 31, 20 2019, the cash was held in an escrow account and the shares are carried
at 2,500,000. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the investor exercised its right to require the Company to repurchase the shares
for 2.5 million and 2.5 million was released from escrow and returned to the investor in exchange for the common stock. 

On November 27, 2017, 16,667 shares of 2018 Convertible
Preferred stock were issued at a value of 15.00 per share to one entity in exchange for cash of 250,000. The shares have 350,000 warrants
attached, each warrant entitling the holder to one additional share with an exercise date of up to 5 years from the issuance date of the
shares. The preferred stock is mandatorily redeemable 10 years after issuance. The Company allocated 236,897 the proceeds from the sale
of the preferred stock to the warrants, which was recorded as a discount against the preferred stock and is to be amortized as a deemed
dividend through the 10-year redemption date. The balance of the preferred stock reflected in temporary equity as of December 31, 2021
and 2020, is 410,410 and 386,722, net of unamortized discount of 140,169 and 163,854, respectively. 

Common Stock 

During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company
sold 57,067 shares for gross proceeds of 946,005. In July 2019, the Company agreed to amend one of the subscription agreements and cancelled
the sale 6,000 shares for cash consideration of 90,000. 

In February 2021, Omega Commercial Finance Corporation
and holder of Common Shares of Alpha retired 31,070,000 of its Common Shares to treasury, in exchange for 100,000 shares of Series
AA Preferred Stock (See below). Alpha s current issued and outstanding common stock is 9,724,401. 

Preferred
Stock 

During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company
sold 1,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for cash consideration of 15,000 

Series AA Convertible Preferred Issuance 

In February, 2021, Alpha issued 100,000 Series AA Convertible
Preferred Shares to Omega Commercial Finance Corporation which represents 100 of the issued and outstanding Series AA Convertible
Preferred Shares. Each share of Series AA Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to four hundred fifty (450) votes on all
matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Company. Each share of Series AA Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at
the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, into ten (10) fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common
Stock (the Conversion Amount ). 

Capital Contributions 

During the years
ended December 31, 20211 and 2020, Omega Commercial Finance Corp, The Company s parent company, made capital contributions to the
Company totaling 388,486 and 437,000. 

Common Stock
Warrants 

As of December
31, 2021, there are warrants outstanding to purchase 520,000 shares for an exercise price of 15.00 over five years. There has been no
warrant activity during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

F- 31 

The following is a summary of warrants
outstanding as of December 31, 2021: 

Exercise Price 

# of Shares 

Expiration 

0.15 

350,000 

September 19, 2022 

0.15 

170,000 

December 14, 2022 

520,000 

Sale of Minority
Interest in Subsidiary 

During the year
ended December 31, 2019, the Company sold a 10 interest in a newly formed subsidiary for 1,000,000. See Note 1. 

NOTE 9 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial
statements were issued. The Company has determined that there are no such events that warrant disclosure or recognition in the consolidated
financial statements presented herein. 

F- 32 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of December 31, 2021, our Chief Executive Officer
(our principal executive, financial and accounting officer) conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures; as is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of Exchange Act. We recognize that there are material weaknesses
related to our internal controls. Therefore, our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive, financial and accounting officer) has
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. This includes ensuring that information required to be disclosed was recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Furthermore, to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be
disclosed is accumulated and communicated as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 

Our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive,
financial and accounting officer) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. We have designed our internal controls to provide reasonable assurance that
our financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and include those
policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance
of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of our assets; 

 provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors;
and 

 provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements. 

Our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive,
financial and accounting officer) conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2021. In making this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission in its 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework. 

Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
(our principal executive, financial and accounting officer) has concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not
effective as of the end of the period covered in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive,
financial and accounting officer) has concluded that the financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects
our financial position and results of operations. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. The Chief Executive
Officer s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the
SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

15 

Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

A material weakness is a control deficiency or a combination
of control deficiencies that result in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected. Our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive, financial and accounting officer) has concluded
that, as of December 31, 2021, we did not maintain effective controls over the preparation, review, presentation and disclosure of our
financial statements. Specifically, we noted the following. 

the Company did not maintain effective
controls to identify and maintain segregation of duties to support the identification, authorization, approval, accounting for, and the
disclosure of related-party transactions and significant unusual transactions. Specifically, one individual, the Chief Executive Officer,
initiates related-party transactions and non-routine transactions. This Chief Executive Officer also reviews, evaluates, and approves
these same transactions. 

the Company has not established
a well-defined process for financial reporting. The process and its key attributes (e.g., overall timing, methodology, format, and frequency
of analyses) are not formally documented, approved, or reviewed on a regular basis. Specifically, several instances of transactions were
not properly recorded and the lack of timely reconciliations of account balances effected by the improperly recorded transactions. 

the Company does not have accounting
policies and procedures to specify the correct treatment for estimating the allowance for doubtful accounts and bad debt expense of loans
receivable. Specifically, a supporting analysis is not prepared for estimating the allowance for loan losses and bad debt expense. 

Plan for Remediation of Material Weakness 

We anticipate, contingent on cash funds available,
that actions will be taken to strengthen the Company s internal control over financial reporting and will, over time, address the
related material weakness. However, because many of the controls in the Company s system of internal controls rely extensively on
manual review and approval, the successful operation of these controls may be required for several quarters prior to management being
able to conclude that the material weakness has been remediated. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 

The effectiveness of any system of internal control
over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing,
operating and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, any system of
internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not
absolute assurances. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business, but cannot assure you
that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no other changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

16 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth the name, age and position
of each person who is a director or executive officer as of the date of this annual report. 

Name 
 Age 
 Positions and Offices to be Held 

Todd C. Buxton 
 52 
 Chief Executive Officer, Vice Chairman and director 

Todd C. Buxton has served as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman since April 2017 and as Omega s Chief Executive Officer from April 2015 to March 2017.
Mr. Buxton carries out initiatives to significantly improve the company's strategic operational execution and integration of new and existing
subsidiaries with a goal to accelerate profitability, shareholder value and growth for the company. This includes planning the overall
strategic business direction and facilitating creative development business models for Omega specifically within the capacity of the Omega's
M A contractual negotiations and internal business contract facilitation for sales transactions, mergers and acquisitions, and capital
markets growth strategies. Prior to serving as Omega s Chief Executive Officer, from 2010 through 2015, Mr. Buxton served in the
same capacity for Bentley-Addison Capital Finance, which directly brokered and advised companies as an intermediary for commercial real
estate financing opportunities. Mr. Buxton has a strong foundation in the commercial real estate construction management industry and
real estate developer/contracting business as well as the information technology field going back to 1992. In January 2011, Mr. Buxton
filed a petition for relief under Chapter 7 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the Southern District of Ohio. In March 2014, Mr.
Buxton filed a motion to dismiss the case prior to discharge, which was granted in May 2014. 

The Company intends to retain a Chief Financial Officer
and expand its board of directors to include a majority of independent directors in the proximate future. 

Terms of Office 

Our directors are appointed for a one-year term to
hold office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders and until a successor is appointed and qualified, or until their removal,
resignation, or death. Executive officers serve at the pleasure of the board of directors. 

Director Independence 

At present, our sole director is not independent 
as defined under Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. 

Board Committees 

Our board of directors does not currently have an
audit committee, a compensation committee, or a corporate governance committee. As we expand our board in the future to add
 independent directors, we intend to establish such committees, all the members of which will be independent 
directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to employees,
including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions. 

Board of Directors Role in Risk Oversight 

Members of the board of directors have periodic meetings
with management and the Company s independent auditors to perform risk oversight with respect to the Company s internal control
processes. The Company believes that the board s role in risk oversight does not materially affect the leadership structure of the
Company . 

17 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Summary Compensation Table 

The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by
or paid to our executive officers for 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and 
 principal position 
 
 Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 (#) 

Option 
 Awards 
 (#) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 

All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 
 
 Todd C. Buxton, CEO 
 
 2022 

2021 
 
 84,500 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 84,500 

2020 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Timothy R. Fussell, President (1) 
 
 2020 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 

(1) 
 Dr. Fussell resigned as an officer and director of the Company in August 2020. 

Employment Agreements 

The Company is presently not party to an employment agreement with its
executive officer. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table 

The table below summarizes all unexercised options,
stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022 for our executive officers. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

OPTION AWARDS 
 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name 

Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 (#) 
 Exercisable 

Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 (#) 
 Unexercisable 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options 
 (#) 

Option 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 ) 

Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 

Number of 
 Shares or 
 Shares of 
 Stock That 
 Have Not 
 Vested 
 (#) 

Market 
 Value of 
 Shares or 
 Shares of 
 Stock That 
 Have Not 
 Vested 
 ) 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Number of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, Shares 
 or Other Rights 
 That Have Not 
 Vested 
 (#) 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Market or 
 Payout Value 
 of Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Shares or 
 Other Rights 
 That Have 
 Not Vested 
 (#) 

Todd C. Buxton, CEO 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 

18 

Compensation of Directors Table 

The table below summarizes all compensation paid for our last completed
fiscal year to each of our directors. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Name 

Fees Earned 
 or 
 Paid in Cash 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Non-Qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 

All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Todd C. Buxton 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 

Narrative Disclosure to the Director Compensation Table 

We currently do not compensate our directors for their
services as such. When we expand our board to include independent directors we intend to implement a plan and compensate
them with a combination of cash and stock option awards, depending on our financial resources at that time. 

Incentive Plan 

Our Incentive Plan provides for equity incentives
to be granted to our employees, executive officers or directors or to key advisers or consultants. Equity incentives may be
in the form of stock options with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the underlying Shares as determined pursuant
to the Incentive Plan, restricted stock awards, other stock-based awards, or any combination of the foregoing. The Incentive
Plan is administered by the board of directors. 331,867 Shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to the exercise of awards
under the Incentive Plan. The number of shares so reserved automatically adjusts upward on January 1 of each year, so that
the number of shares covered by the Incentive Plan is equal to 15 of our issued and outstanding common stock. As of the date of this
report, we have granted restricted stock awards of 3,625,000 shares to six consultants in 2017. No grants have been awarded since that
date. 

19 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The following table sets forth, as of the date of
this annual report, the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each director and executive officer, by each person known by us to
beneficially own 5 or more of our common stock and by directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise stated,
the address of the persons set forth in the table is c/o the Company, 200 East Campus View Blvd., Suite 200, Columbus, OH 43235. 

Names and addresses 

Number of shares of 
 common stock 
 beneficially owned (#) 

Percentage of Voting Power (1) 

Directors and executive officers: 

Todd C. Buxton 
 
 0 
 (2) 
 
 0.0 

All executive officers and directors as a group (one person) 
 
 0 
 (2) 
 
 0.0 

Other 5 percent beneficial owners: 

Omega Commercial Finance Corp. 

(2) 
 
 84.8 

. Under the rules of the SEC,
a person (or group of persons) is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if he or she, directly or indirectly,
has or shares the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such
security. Accordingly, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same security. 

(1) 
 Based on 9,724,401 Shares, each having one vote per Share and 100,000 shares of Series AA Preferred Stock each having 450 votes per share outstanding as of the date of this annual report. 

(2) 
 Omega holds 1,390,000 Shares of record and beneficially owns 1,000,000 Shares issuable upon conversion of 100,000 shares of Series AA Preferred Stock held by it of record. The persons deemed voting or dispositive control over the Shares held by Omega are Jon S. Cummings IV, Chairman of Board, director and the majority shareholder of Omega, Mark Feanny, MD, a director of Omega and Clarence Williams, a director of Omega. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions 

Related Party Transactions 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
Omega, the principal stockholder of the Company, made additional capital contributions to the Company of 73,650 and 338,486. 

On August 28, 2017, the Company entered into two loan
agreements with companies owned by Timothy R. Fussell, our then President, Chairman of the Board and a director of the Company. The
first agreement, with Partners South Holdings LLC PSHL ), provides for a revolving line of credit in the maximum
principal sum of 3,600,000 for the purpose of financing real property construction costs and working capital needs. The line of
credit is secured by a pledge of all the limited liability company membership interests of PSHL. The maturity date of the line of
credit is August 31, 2022 at which time the entire then outstanding principal balance plus accrued interest thereon is due and payable.
 The fixed interest rate on the loan is 3.5 to be paid quarterly on the first day of each calendar. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, no amounts had been advanced under this line of credit. Origination fees of 180,000 due to the Company have been added to the outstanding
balance due on the line of credit. At December 31, 2021, the Company established a full reserve against the outstanding balance, and at
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the loan receivable balance was 0. 

The second agreement, with Partners South Properties
Corporation PSPC ), provides for a revolving line of credit in the maximum principal sum of 5,000,000 for the purpose
of financing real property construction costs and working capital needs. The line of credit is secured by a pledge of all the capital
stock of PSPC. The maturity date of the line of credit is August 31, 2022 at which time the entire then outstanding principal balance
plus accrued interest thereon is due and payable. The fixed interest rate on the line of credit is 3.5 to be paid quarterly on
the first day of each calendar quarter. At December 31, 2021, the Company established a full reserve against the outstanding balance and
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the loan receivable balance was 0. 

20 

Review, Approval and Ratification of Related Party
Transactions 

The Company does not have a policy that expressly
prohibits its directors, officers, principal stockholders or their respective affiliates from engaging for their own account in business
activities of the types conducted by the Company. The Company s code of business conduct and ethics contains a conflict of interest
policy that prohibits its directors and executive officers, or whoever provides services to the Company, from engaging in any transaction
that involves an actual conflict of interest with the Company, provided , however , that once the Company adds independent
directors to its board, any such conflict may by a majority vote of independent directors. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The total fees charged to the Company by our independent
registered public accounting firm, BFBorgers CPA PC, for audit-related services, including quarterly reviews, were 33,000 and 26,000
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The firm did not provide us with any tax or other services during either of such years. 

The total fees charged to the Company by our previous independent
registered public accounting firm, Ciro E. Adams, CPA, LLC, for audit-related services, including quarterly reviews, were 5,500 and 77,500 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The firm did not provide us with any tax or other services during either of such
years. 

The SEC requires that before our independent registered
public accounting firm is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be either: (i) approved
by our Audit Committee or (ii) entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the Audit Committee, provided
that the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the Audit Committee is informed of each
service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the Audit Committee s responsibilities to management. 

We do not have an audit committee. Our Board
pre-approves all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All of the above services and fees paid during
2021 and 2020 were pre-approved by our Board. 

21 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (2) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series 2018 Convertible Preferred Stock (2) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series 2020 Convertible Preferred Stock (2) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series 2020 Convertible Preferred Stock (2) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Form of Certificate of Designation of Series AA Convertible Preferred Stock (2) 
 
 3.7 
 
 By-Laws (1) 
 
 10.1 
 
 2017 Incentive Stock Plan (3) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Subscription Agreement with Dr. Assia Benhacene (4) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Subscription Agreement with Hoosier Real Estate Investors, LLC (5) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Loan Agreement with Partners South Holdings, LLC (3) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Loan Agreement with Partners South Properties Corporation (3) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Code of Ethics (3) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Subscription Agreement with Inn Properties, LLC (3) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Corporate Governance Management Agreement with Omega Commercial Finance Corporation (3) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Purchase Agreement with Parsons Energy Group LLC (6) 
 
 10.10 
 
 First Amendment to Purchase Agreement with Parsons Energy Group LLC (6) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Unwinding Agreement with Parsons Energy Group LLC (7) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Sec. 302 Certification of CEO (8) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Sec. 302 Certification of CFO (8) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Sec. 906 Certification of CEO (8) 
 
 32.2 
 
 Sec. 906 Certification of CFO (8) 

(1) 
 Filed as exhibit to registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-198772) and incorporated herein by reference, as amended by an amendment thereto, filed as an exhibit to registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 19, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(2) 
 Filed as exhibit to registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-236371) and incorporated herein by reference Previously filed. 

(3) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-221183) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(4) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 5, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(5) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 25, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(6) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 22, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(7) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(8) 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 Management compensation
plan or arrangement. 

22 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ALPHA INVESTMENT INC. 

By 
 /s/ TODD C. BUXTON 
 
 June 20, 2023 

TODD C. BUXTON 

Chief Executive Officer, Acting Chief Financial Officer 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below
by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Todd C. Buxton 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Acting Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 June 20, 2023 
 
 TODD C. BUXTON 
 
 Title (Principal Executive, financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 Date 

23 

<EX-31>
 2
 exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Todd C. Buxton, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 20, 2023 

/s/ Todd C. Buxton 

 Todd C. Buxton 

 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Todd C. Buxton, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Alpha Investment Inc. ; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 20, 2023 

/s/ Todd C. Buxton 

 Todd C. Buxton 

 Acting Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 exhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Alpha Investment Inc., (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Todd C. Buxton, as Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: June 20,
 2023 
 
 By: /s/ Todd C. Buxton 

Todd C. Buxton 

Chief Executive Officer 

This certification accompanies
each Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 5
 exhibit322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Alpha Investment Inc., (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Todd C. Buxton, as Acting Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: June 20,
 2023 
 
 By: /s/ Todd C. Buxton 

Todd C. Buxton 

Acting Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies
each Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 alpc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 alpc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 alpc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 alpc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

